New York  CNN  -- A pizza deliveryman is accused of selling more than $ 45,000 in cocaine , hidden among pizza boxes , to undercover agents in New York . Ramon Rodriguez , 45 , was arrested Wednesday after more than a yearlong investigation by the New York City Police Department 's narcotics bureau in Brooklyn . Rodriguez has been charged with multiple counts of criminal sale of a controlled substance and one count of criminal possession of a controlled substance , according to a statement released by the Special Narcotics Prosecutor in New York . Undercover agents said Rodriguez sold a kilo of cocaine , worth $ 27,500 , to an agent on Wednesday outside the Papa John 's restaurant where he works in Brooklyn . This marked the largest individual sale of the investigation , according to prosecutors . Officials say Rodriguez , while dressed in his Papa John 's uniform , passed the kilo of cocaine to the agent in a bag along with a box of pizza and a chicken nuggets box . Rodriguez was arrested as he placed the bag of cocaine inside the trunk of the undercover officer 's car , prosecutors said . Rodriguez used his job as a pizza deliveryman as a cover during many of the 19 sales of cocaine he is accused of making to the undercover officer during the investigation , prosecutors said . Rodriguez conducted the sales outside the Papa John 's restaurant and at his home a few blocks away , they said . "  On multiple occasions , Rodriguez told the undercover officers that he was interrupting pizza deliveries to conduct the drug transaction , " according to prosecutors . Rodriguez was expected to be arraigned Thursday in Manhattan Criminal Court . When reached for comment , a Papa John 's spokesperson said the company was not aware of the case . The manager at the Papa John 's restaurant where Rodriguez works had no comment .	Ramon Rodriguez , a Papa John 's deliveryman , is accused of selling cocaine while on the job The NYPD has been running an undercover investigation on Rodriguez since fall 2011 Rodriguez was arrested after his biggest sale to the undercover agent : cocaine worth $ 27,500
CNN  -- Have you ever found yourself standing hands akimbo in front of your suitcase in your hotel room thinking "  I knew I 'd forget that , " or "  why did I bring five pairs of shoes and just one pair of trousers ? " I 'm guilty on all counts . Ever since , I 've developed a habit of packing three times , especially if I am flying long haul . I do n't like being rushed or packing last minute , so I always start three days before I travel . The first time , I allow myself to throw everything in I 'd ideally like to take in case of any change in weather or impromptu dinners or downtime  my tennis racket unfortunately never makes the cut  . The second time , I pack with conviction and whittle it down , packing just for work -- how many interviews and locations I 'll film and whether or not I need different outfits for those shoots . All zipped up , I test the weight . If I can easily pick the suitcase up , say an inch off the ground , it 's about 19 kg . Then I leave it for a day , unpack everything and pack one last time folding everything , using every inch of the suitcase as it fills up . Chargers and adapters in shoes , that sort of thing ! If I 'm staying at a one or two-star hotel I 'll pack little bottles of shampoo and conditioner that I 've collected from a nicer hotel from previous trips ! When it comes to hand luggage , I 'm very particular . I pack my handbag in my suitcase and just travel with a waterproof shoulder bag in case it rains or in case I spill drinks everywhere . I pretty much travel with the same things on every trip . I stopped taking fruit with me ever since I forgot I had an apple in my bag when we arrived in New Zealand back in 2006 . I was fined $ 60 because I had failed to declare it . It was the most expensive apple I 've ever bought -- sorry , that Richard ever bought . He was my hero but also the one who made fun of me the most about it ! Anyway , now my travel essentials are : - Note pad and pen - Cardigan and pashmina for any change in weather . - A second purse to hold foreign coins - IPad -- great for browsing newspapers and twitter feeds , storing photos . - A book . I still have n't fallen in love with e-books . I 'm currently reading What Makes Business Rocks by Bill Roedy . - My yellow headphones -- always more comfortable wearing your own than airline headsets and music is a great escape for little windows of downtime . - Digital camera -- I am an aviation enthusiast , planespotter , plane geek ! When I can , I prefer to fly during the day so that I can take photos from the window seat of the aircraft wing , winglets or engines during sunsets complete with the Moon or with cities down below . Follow Ayesha on twitter at at @AyeshaCNN .	Ayesha Durgahee , from CNN 's Business Traveller , lists her travel essentials She always takes a cardigan , iPad and her own headphones when she travels She always takes her digital camera , to take photos from the plane window
The cries of the suffering carried through a small , cramped one-story clinic in typhoon-ravaged Tacloban where the medicine was all but gone Thursday , but the number of wounded in the hard-hit Philippine city continued to grow . The clinic at the airport in the decimated capital city of Leyte province is one of the few places where those injured in Super Typhoon Haiyan and its aftermath can turn for help , what little help there is six days after the storm . "  We do n't have any medicines . We do n't have any supplies . We have IVs , but it 's running out , " Dr. Katrina Catabay told CNN . "  Most of the people do n't have water and food . That 's why they come here . Most of the kids are dehydrated . They are suffering from diarrhea and vomiting . " Help is coming , on military and civilian transports , by air and by sea . But much of it has been piling up at airports . While relief organizations say they have been able to deliver limited aid to some victims , many CNN crews reported seeing little sign of any large-scale organized relief effort in the hardest-hit areas . Blame Haiyan and its unprecedented strength and scope , said UNICEF spokesman Christopher De Bono . "  I do n't think that 's anyone 's fault . I think it 's the geography and the devastation , " he said . Still , the desperation is increasing , and becoming more serious . "  We mostly need food and water , that 's the most important , " Catabay said . "  We need supplies . " At the clinic , a Philippine military officer called names off a clipboard , the names of those who will be airlifted out of the city . "  The elderly , the children that are sick " are the priority , the officer said . For at least one man , the evacuation came too late . The man died at the clinic . His body was put on a gurney and pushed to the end of a hallway because there is nowhere to put him , the clinic staff said . Death toll climbs Throughout the devastation , bodies of victims lie buried in the debris or out in the open . The government has n't counted them all yet , but initial fears that 10,000 may have died have subsided . By Thursday morning , the official death toll had climbed to 2,357 , disaster officials said . The typhoon left 3,853 people injured and 77 people missing , according to the Philippines ' National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Emotional extremes for families of typhoon victims The toll is "  going to be horrific , " Philippine Interior Minister Mar Roxas said . "  There are still many towns that have not sent in complete reports and out of the 40 towns of Leyte , for example , only 20 have been contacted . So there 's another 20 towns with no communication , " he said . "  It 's going to be a high death toll . I do n't want to go into just throwing out numbers . " Philippine President Benigno Aquino III told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday that he expected the final number would likely be around 2,000 to 2,500 . Faces of the storm When it struck Friday , Haiyan , known in the Philippines as Yolanda , flattened entire towns . The storm destroyed at least 80,000 homes , according to the latest Philippine government accounting . Although estimates of the number left homeless vary , the Philippine government puts it at more than 582,000 . Expecting to die The storm also shattered families . Mayple Nunal and her husband , Ignacio , lost their two daughters , Gnacy Pearl and Gnacy May -- washed away when the storm 's ferocious storm surge ripped through Tacloban . "  The big waves , we were like inside the washing machine , " Mayple Nunal said . "  And we were expecting that we would die . " While Nunal and her husband are safe , receiving treatment in Cebu , United Nations officials have warned of increasing desperation and lawlessness among those left homeless . Eight people died when a wall collapsed Tuesday during a stampede at a government warehouse in Leyte province , Philippine National Food Authority administrator Orlan Calayag said Wednesday . Police and security stood by as people stormed the building and took some 100,000 sacks of rice , he said . The United Nations said the situation is especially dangerous for women and children . Some areas have n't been reached yet , according to Valerie Amos , the U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief . Police warned a CNN crew to turn back Wednesday on the road south of Tacloban , saying rebels had been shooting at civilians . "  Maybe they are looking for food , " a police commander told CNN . Scenes of devastation , calls for help "  Pushing aid " to Tacloban There were , however , some successes . U.S. Marines arrived Wednesday in Cebu , transforming the sleepy airbase there into a buzzing center of activity as cargo aircraft , tilt-rotor Ospreys and camouflaged Marines got to work preparing for the enormous job of receiving , sorting and delivering aid to millions in need . Two 747 airplanes loaded with humanitarian aid from the United States have arrived , and Marines are "  pushing aid " from Cebu to Tacloban , Brig. Gen. Paul Kennedy said on CNN 's "  Situation Room " "  It 's a serious situation down here , " Kennedy said . " ... Some of those neighborhoods are inundated with water , and some of it 's inaccessible " because of the debris . One of the big problems is figuring out how to get needed supplies , including heavy machinery , to these areas . "  It 's a matter of capacity at this point . This just does n't come out of a box . It has to be moved down here . It 's a remote location , " he said . The Royal Australian Air Force also landed at Cebu , delivering a portable field hospital that was soon sent on its way to Tacloban . Taiwanese troops also arrived with medical aid , and Doctors Without Borders said three of nine cargo shipments it has planned also arrived in Cebu on Wednesday . The planes carried medical supplies , shelter materials , hygiene kits and other gear , the agency said . Opinion : Childhood in the path of typhoons U.N. : Pace of relief lacking Teams from Doctors Without Borders also have reached remote Guiuan , a village of about 45,000 that was among the first areas hit by the full force of the storm , the agency said . "  The situation here is bleak , " said Alexis Moens , the aid group 's assessment team leader . "  The village has been flattened -- houses , medical facilities , rice fields , fishing boats all destroyed . People are living out in the open ; there are no roofs left standing in the whole of Guiuan . The needs are immense and there are a lot of surrounding villages that are not yet covered by any aid organizations . " Meanwhile , the U.N. World Food Programme began distributing food in Tacloban , handing out rice to 3,000 people on Wednesday , the agency said , and the U.S. Agency for International Development also said it expected to deliver its first shipment of relief supplies to victims on Wednesday . The uptick in aid deliveries comes a day after the road between the capital , Manila , and hard-hit Tacloban opened , holding out the promise that aid will begin to flow more quickly . But six days after the storm struck -- with more than 2 million people in need of food , according to the Philippine government -- even the U.N. 's Amos acknowledged the pace of relief is still lacking . "  This is a major operation that we have to mount , " she said Wednesday . "  We 're getting there . But in my view it 's far too slow . " Philippine President Aquino has defended relief efforts , saying that in addition to all the challenges of blocked roads and downed power and communication lines , local governments were overwhelmed , forcing the federal government to step in and perform both its own role and those of local officials . Most of all , he told CNN on Tuesday , "  nobody imagined the magnitude that this super typhoon brought on us . " Could mystery man on tape be patriarch of 30 missing ?	"  We do n't have medicines . We do n't have supplies , " a doctor tells CNN The elderly and children are the priority in military airlifts , a Philippine officer says The latest death toll in the Philippines is 2,357 , disaster officials say Relief effort "  far too slow , " U.N. emergency aid chief says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said Sunday she wo n't vote for any more money to support the four-year-old war in Iraq without a plan to start bringing U.S. troops home . Presidential hopeful Sen. Hillary Clinton greets people before speaking in Washington on September 17 . "  I 've reached the conclusion that the best way to support our troops is begin bringing them home , " the New York senator and former first lady told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . " "  I do n't believe we should continue to vote for funding that has an open-ended commitment , that has no pressure on the Iraqi government to make the tough political decisions they have to make , or which really gives any urgency to the Bush administration 's diplomatic efforts . " Clinton 's declaration comes as the Senate debates the Defense Department 's 2008 spending authorization bill . It follows her vote against a $ 120 billion war-spending bill in May , when Congress dropped a call for the withdrawal of American combat troops by March 2008 after President Bush vetoed a bill containing that provision . "  The president has no intention of changing his policy in Iraq , " she said . "  He 's now talking about leaving it to his successor . " Meanwhile , the Senate 's Republican minority routinely filibusters Democratic proposals to wind down the war , which is costing the Treasury about $ 10 billion a month and has claimed the lives of nearly 3,800 American troops . May 's spending bill made continued U.S. support contingent on a set of benchmarks for Iraq 's government . But the Iraqis met only 11 of the 18 benchmarks , according to the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress . "  Even those who are implementing this policy of the president 's can not tell us it will make America more safe , nor that it will lead to the kind of political decision-making that we have to expect from the Iraqis themselves , " Clinton said . Nearly two-thirds of the American public now opposes the war , according to a CNN-Opinion Research poll conducted in early September . Clinton said , if elected president , she would end the conflict "  as quickly and responsibly as I can , " but said some U.S. forces would likely remain as trainers , to protect Americans and to battle Islamic militants loyal to al Qaeda . The two-term senator , who leads her Democratic presidential rivals by a double-digit margin in national polls , made the rounds of all five Washington talk shows Sunday . Last week , Clinton supported two amendments that would have forced the Pentagon to begin a U.S. withdrawal from Iraq . But she said Sunday that even if Democrats muster enough Republican support to break a filibuster -- something they have been unable to do -- Democrats would still be unlikely to get the two-thirds vote needed to override a presidential veto . "  The answer for this is , let 's elect more Democrats in 2008 , " she said . "  That will help solve the problem . " E-mail to a friend	Clinton on CNN : Best way to support troops is to begin bringing them home Polls suggest Clinton is the leading presidential candidate among Democrats She says administration policy does n't put enough pressure on Iraqi leaders If elected , Clinton says , she would end the war as "  responsibly " as she can
CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security has ordered U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents to verify , "  effective immediately , " that every foreign student who wants to enter the United States has a valid student visa , a U.S. government official told CNN on Friday . The memo went out earlier this week as part of an effort to reform the student visa system , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The effort is meant to provide the agency with real-time updates on all relevant information , the official said . News of the memo follows reports that two friends of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who are now charged in connection with the attack , may have been in the country on student visas that were no longer valid . Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov , both 19 and from Kazakhstan , were charged this week on suspicion of obstruction of justice in connection with the case . They were already in federal custody on suspicion of violating the terms of their student visas when they were charged in the bombings case . The pair started at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth in 2011 , along with Tsarnaev . Kadyrbayev was not enrolled at the time of his arrest last month . His lawyer , Robert Stahl , told CNN his client had not been attending classes on a regular basis , as required by his visa . Tazhayakov 's student status is less clear . According to the university , Tazhayakov is enrolled but was suspended pending the outcome of the current case . At an immigration court hearing this week , however , the court heard that Tazhayakov 's status with the school was terminated January 3 , according to a U.S. government official . The court also heard that Tazhayakov went to Kazakhstan in December 2012 and was allowed to return to the United States on January 20 , despite the apparent lapse in his visa status , the same government official said . That news has outraged U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , head of the House Committee on Homeland Security . "  The fact that a foreign national was able to re-enter the U.S. with what appeared to be a valid student visa , while Customs and Border Protection officers were unaware that his visa status had become invalid , represents a serious hole in our national security , " McCaul told CNN . "  The front-line CBP officers did not have access to the system that would 've informed them of a change in legal status . " McCaul said it indicates "  disconnects " and problems with information-sharing among Homeland Security agencies . Sen. Chuck Grassley , ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said Friday he also has concerns about gaps in the immigration system . "  It 's surprising that the administration is n't already verifying that any student coming into the country has a valid student visa , " Grassley said . "  What 's more concerning is that nearly 12 years after the 9/11 terrorist attacks , we have n't fixed the problems with identifying visa overstays . " Grassley sent a letter and list of questions Friday to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , asking her about the apparent visa lapse with Tazhayakov and other possible loopholes . CNN 's Jake Tapper , Joe Johns and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Two U.S. lawmakers demand answers about their status NEW : Rep. McCaul says it shows a "  serious hole " in national security DHS orders the verification of foreign student visas Two friends of the Boston bombing suspect reportedly overstayed their visas
CNN  -- English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur crushed Scottish outfit Heart of Midlothian 5-0 in the qualifying round of UEFA 's Europa League . Tottenham , who had their opening Premier League clash against Everton postponed due the recent London riots , nevertheless looked much the sharper as they raced into a 3-0 lead by half time . It took just five minutes for Dutch midfielder Rafael van der Vaart to take advantage of some calamitous defending to poke Tottenham 1-0 in front before Jermain Defoe and 21-year-old Jake Livermore , scoring his first goal for his club , put the tie beyond the Edinburgh club . Gareth Bale and Aaron Lennon completed the rout . It was a great night for English clubs as Fulham beat Ukraine 's Dnipro 3-0 thanks to a brace from U.S. international Clint Dempsey , Stoke City -- playing their first European tie in nearly 40 years -- snatched a 1-0 victory against FC Thun in Switzerland whilst second division Birmingham City held Nacional to a 0-0 draw in Portugal . Elsewhere Europe 's leading clubs fared badly . Helsinki pulled off arguably the biggest shock of the night by beating German side Shalke 2-0 in Finland . Shalke was missing talismanic Spanish striker Raul after he was left out of their Europa League squad . AS Roma also face a tough second leg after Slovan Bratislava beat them 1-0 in Slovakia . The second leg ties all take place August 25th .	Tottenham Hotspur smash Hearts 5-0 in the Europa League Good night for English clubs as Fulham and Stoke City win Shalke 04 and AS Roma both lose Second leg of qualifying round takes place August 25th
CNN  -- Search crews fanned out across the vast backcountry of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park on Friday after severe thunderstorms the night before killed two people and injured eight , park officials said . An unknown number of hikers and campers may have weathered the Thursday night storm on the dozens of trails and isolated primitive camping sites in the most hard-hit western portion of the park , spokesman Carey Jones said Friday morning . "  We have no idea how many people are in the backcountry , " he said . "  We 're just now getting people onto trails . " Officials have no indication that anyone was hurt or is in distress in the most isolated portions of the park , which straddles the border between Tennessee and North Carolina . But the park 's backcountry has no cellular telephone service , and the storm hit during a busy time , noted Chief Ranger Clayton Jordan . Jordan identified the dead as Ralph Frazier , 50 , of Buford , Georgia , and 41-year-old Rachel Burkhart of Corryton , Tennessee . Frazier , who was on a motorcycle , died when a tree limb fell and struck him on the head , Jordan said . A passenger on the motorcycle was not injured , Jordan said . Jordan said Burkhart died when she was struck by a tree at a popular swimming hole near the park 's Abrams Creek campground . She was apparently among a number of swimmers who were scrambling to get out of the water when the storm roared through and toppled a tree that knocked them back into the water , Jordan said . Three members of another family were also injured in the incident , including a 7-year-old girl who was trapped under water by the tree , Jordan said . Bystanders performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation and revived the girl , Jordan said . She and her father -- who sustained serious injuries including back injuries , broken ribs and a collapsed lung -- were flown to the University of Tennessee Medical Center in Knoxville . The girl 's mother was also injured , but less seriously , and was taken by ambulance to the same hospital , Jordan said . Their conditions were not immediately available . Meanwhile , authorities were working to evacuate campers who survived the storm without injury but were stranded by fallen trees , Jordan said . Those campers chose to stay behind overnight while others were led out by vehicle caravan through an emergency route cut through fallen trees , Jordan said . About 38 people spent the night in a Red Cross shelter , he said . Hundreds of motorists were stranded throughout the park by fallen trees , Jordan said . Many had been rescued , he said . Forty miles of roads in the park remained closed Friday due to downed trees , Jones said . The storm , which struck suddenly during the busy Fourth of July holiday week , stressed the ability of park rangers and outside emergency crews to respond , Jordan said . "  To have such a wide swath of the park at a very busy time of the year to be impacted by such severe storms is highly unusual , " he said . Hundreds , perhaps thousands , of people were visiting the park when the storms hit , Jones said . Hundreds of thousands without power brace for more blistering heat The area near Cades Cove , an isolated valley that offers some of the best wildlife viewing opportunities in the park , was one of the hardest hit by the storm , Jones said . The area , which is accessible by only one road , remained closed to visitors Friday . Several other park roads and campgrounds also remained closed , Jordan said . Park officials have been too busy with rescue efforts to assess damage to park facilities , Jordan said . In addition to the park , the storm also caused extensive damage to a marina and a hardware store in Sevier County , Tennessee , according to John Matthews , the county 's emergency management agency . The county had to evacuate its juvenile detention center when part of the hardware store 's roof blew onto the building , he said . No one was injured , he said . In Blount County , the storm caused no injuries but knocked down many trees , emergency management director Bart Stinnett said . The storm also knocked out power to 56,000 customers of the Knoxville Utilities Board in Knoxville , Tennessee , just north of the national park , the utility said in a statement . Gadgets to help you survive a power outage Power outages around Knoxville were down to about 13,000 as of 11 a.m. Friday , according to the utility . Crews were coming from Ohio to help in the around-the-clock effort to restore power , which could take several days , the utility said . The weather that hit the area began as a cluster of thunderstorms that formed along the Ohio River moving south . The storms continued to intensify as they got into more heat and humidity , and converged on the foothills of the Smokies . Straight-line winds of 70 mph were recorded . Great Smoky Mountains National Park , which straddles the Tennessee and North Carolina border , is the most-visited national park in the United States . Between 8 million and 10 million people visit the park each year , according to the National Park Service . The park covers more than 800 square miles in the Southern Appalachian Mountains and boasts a diversity of plants and animal life , and is known for its beauty . Is severe weather happening near you ? Let us know on CNN iReport , but please stay safe . CNN 's Rob Marciano and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Power outages in nearby Knoxville , Tennessee , down to 13,000 , utility says Two people died , eight injured in storm that affected a broad swath of the park , officials say Some campers and motorists are still stranded , park officials say Crews are also searching Great Smoky Mountains National Park backcountry
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- It took the tragedy of Reeva 's Steenkamp 's death for the media , for South Africa , to realize just how brightly Oscar Pistorius ' star had ascended after the London Olympics when he ran against able-bodied athletes . Shock over the shooting reverberated across the world , not just at home . His story had touched people -- it was the classic tale of triumph over adversity , of hope and determination . And then it was all over . The fallout was immediate , furious and personal . South Africans seemed to have a deep emotional attachment to Oscar Pistorius the hero and then , inevitably , his fall from grace . The interest in the case and the court case has never really subsided , every twist and turn has been analyzed and debated and there is still an insatiable appetite for the story . I first met Oscar Pistorius in 2008 at his home , in the bedroom that was to become a crime scene five years later . He was young , enthusiastic and eager . Sitting on the edge of his bed , he showed our camera his different prosthetics and his stumps , explaining patiently about his birth defect and where his legs had been amputated as a child . He seemed determined , somewhat naÃ ¯ ve and enthusiastic about his future . By Valentine 's Day last year he was a different person . He walked into the magistrate 's court days after he shot his girlfriend and looked like a blank , broken man . The implications of his actions -- whether it was intentional or negligent or neither -- were etched on his face . His future plans and the life that of the woman he said he loved were over . The vomiting , the crying and the sobbing in court seemed genuine , I did n't think he was ` faking it ' as the state and critics suggested . No matter whether he 's judged innocent or guilty it was clear Pistorius ' emotions were raw , remorseful . He still treasures photographs of Reeva and him together , his uncle Arnold told us in an interview at the home where Oscar is living . The vomiting and retching were a physical manifestation of the gut-wrenching reality of his actions . Later , psychiatrists said it was a result of post-traumatic stress disorder Throughout the court drama and the media focus on Oscar Pistorius , Reeva 's Steenkamp 's mother , June , sat a few meters from him -- still , stony-faced and stoic . I do n't know how she managed to compose herself , especially on the days in court when Pistorius described the night her daughter died and then , shockingly , the day the state showed the court images of her dead daughter 's bloodied head . Brave , strong woman . On Thursday , Judge Thokozile Masipa is set to deliver her verdict in the case , with possibilities ranging from a life sentence to Pistorius -- nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " for the prosthetic devices on his legs -- leaving court a free man . For all the families involved , this has been a tragedy played out in the glare of cameras and intense public interest . For our CNN team covering the story since February 14 , 2013 , it 's been important for us not have to have taken sides , or to reduce Reeva 's death and Oscar 's actions to a tawdry soap opera . Instead , we 've tried to instead reflect public sentiment and to let the justice system and the legal process wind its way to a conclusion . Follow CNN 's live blog for the verdict	The trial of Oscar Pistorius in the death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp is ending A verdict is due from the judge on Thursday CNN 's Robin Curnow first met Pistorius in 2008 , and has covered his case She writes from an insider 's view of a tragedy played out in a global spotlight
CNN  -- The start of the 2012 MotoGP has been brought forward by one week , with the motorcycling 's elite championship now set to begin on April 8 . Australian world champion Casey Stoner and his fellow riders will begin next year 's campaign in Doha for the Qatar Grand Prix , before heading to the Spanish town of Jerez on April 29 . The Saschenring Circuit is also on the calendar , subject to a contract being signed between the venue and the sport 's organizers . The Portuguese circuit of Estoril is due to stage a grand prix on May 6 , but is also yet to sign a deal . The Spanish port city of Valencia will host the season-ending race on November 11 . For the first time since 1986 , a MotoGP world championship will begin without the Japanese manufacturer Suzuki on the grid . Suzuki announced last month they were pulling out of the sport due to the current economic climate , but they plan to return to Moto GP in 2014 . 2012 MotoGP season : 8 April - Qatar , Doha 29 April - Spain , Jerez 6 May - Portugal , Estoril 20 May - France , Le Mans 3 June - Catalunya , Catalunya 17 June - Great Britain , Silverstone 30 June - Netherlands , Assen 8 July - Germany , Sachsenring 15 July - Italy , Mugello 29 July - United States , Laguna Seca 19 August - Indianapolis , Indianapolis 26 August - Czech Republic , Brno 16 September - San Marino & Riviera di Rimini , Misano 30 September - Aragon , Motorland 14 October - Japan , Motegi 21 October - Malaysia , Sepang 28 October - Australia , Phillip Island 11 November - Valencia , Valencia	The 2012 MotoGP will start a week earlier than originally planned Doha , Qatar will stage the year 's first race on April 8 The season will come to a close in the Spanish port city of Valencia
CNN  -- Ray Dolby , the American inventor who changed the way people listen to sound in their homes , on their phones and in cinemas , died Thursday in San Francisco . Dolby was 80 . The founder of Dolby Laboratories had been suffering from Alzheimer 's disease for a number of years , and in July was diagnosed with acute leukemia . "  Today we lost a friend , mentor and true visionary , " said Kevin Yeaman , the company 's president and CEO . Dolby founded the company in London in 1965 , and in the following decades it built on his pioneering work in surround sound and noise reduction , which removed the annoying "  hiss " from audio recordings . Dolby holds more than 50 U.S. patents for many state-of-the-art technologies . Now based in San Francisco , the company has earned dozens of industry plaudits including 19 Academy and 13 Emmy Awards . Dolby 's work earned so much admiration from the film industry that last year the Hollywood landmark known as the "  home of the Academy Awards " was renamed Dolby Theatre . After each annual star-studded ceremony , the world 's leading actors and actresses toast the occasion in the Ray Dolby Ballroom . "  With Dolby Laboratories , his passion for sound led to innovations that have changed the way we listen to music and movies for nearly 50 years , " said Neil Portnow , President and CEO of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences . "  His technologies have become an essential part of the creative process for recording artists and filmmakers , ensuring his remarkable legacy for generations to come . " Mix tape , anyone ? The cassette turns 50 While his work earned him fame and fortune , Dolby considered himself an adventurer at heart . "  I wanted the experience of traveling to many parts of the world . Inventions were part of my life , but they did n't overtake everything that I was doing , " he said in quotes released by the company . His wife of 47 years , Dagmar , described him as "  generous , patient , intellectually honest " and a fantastic role model for their two sons , Tom and David . "  I think he was the happiest when we would be on the boat , and the waves got really high and the weather forecast was really bad -- that was all the more challenge for him , " she said . Tom Dolby , a filmmaker and novelist , said : "  Though he was an engineer at heart , my father 's achievements in technology grew out of a love of music and the arts . He brought his appreciation of the artistic process to all of his work in film and audio recording . " Dolby was born in Portland , Oregon , in 1933 and started his career at Ampex Corp. , where he led the development of the electronic aspects of the Ampex videotape recording system . He earned his first degree in electrical engineering at Stanford University , before moving to Cambridge in the UK to study physics . While there , he became the first American to be named a fellow at Pembroke College . After graduating , Dolby moved to India for a two-year stint as a United Nations adviser before returning to London to set up his company . In 2004 , Dolby was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in the U.S. and the Royal Academy of Engineers in the UK .	Pioneer in surround sound , noise reduction dies at 80 Ray Dolby revolutionized audio recordings to make them clearer , crisper He founded Dolby Laboratories in 1965 Dolby thought of himself as an adventurer first
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Bangkok turned into a war zone Wednesday as Thai military forces cracked down on anti-government protesters , ending a tense standoff that has troubled the capital for weeks . The army surged into Lumpini Park , the area where Red Shirt demonstrators had amassed . Armored personnel carriers crushed bamboo and tire barricades ; the protesters hurled M79 grenades at soldiers . The May sky quickly turned black from thick smoke billowing from landmark buildings set ablaze . Finally , after hours of intense street battles , the Red Shirt leadership surrendered . The government imposed a strict curfew that barred people from going outside between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m. . The chaotic day left at least five people dead as Bangkok residents endured an edgy and unsettled night . Thailand 's prime minister sought to calm public fears with a televised address in which he expressed confidence that peace would soon be restored . iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video "  I would like to give moral support to officers who are doing their duties now and would like to reassure you , " Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told citizens . "  And I am confident that we can overcome all the problems and bring the country to a long-lasting peace . " The government considered the demonstrators to be terrorists , and army Col. Sansern Kaewkamnerd said that growing violence necessitated the use of force . He said soldiers were given the all-clear to fire if they faced a clear threat . iReport : Video sparks discussion "  The terrorists have created further situations of violence by torching government and business buildings , " Sansern said . "  It was therefore necessary for the police and military to put further pressure . " He said the government had regained full control and Red Shirt leaders had fled or were taken into police custody . Seven anti-government protest leaders were taken into custody while several others fled , authorities said . iReport : Army running away Lt. Gen. Daopong Ratanasuwan , the army 's deputy commander , estimated the number of protesters left on the streets late Wednesday had dwindled from 10,000 to about 3,000 . Timeline of Thailand 's political crisis Many dispersed , and smaller riots erupted throughout the city . Witnesses reported a dozen buildings -- including a bank , a police station , a local television station and Thailand 's biggest shopping mall -- set ablaze . Hours after the large military operation got under way , soldiers took control of the park area . The Red Shirt leadership called off the protests , telling a crowd at the park that they wanted to avoid further bloodshed and wanted to turn themselves in . But it seemed as though the large group of protesters was not heeding that call . Sniper fire and explosions were heard after the leaders spoke of calling off the protests , said George McCleod , a witness and freelance journalist in the area . "  It is a live ammunition situation , and I expect a heavy death toll by the end of the day , " he said . What are the protests about ? At least five people , including an Italian journalist , were listed as killed by the Police Hospital in Bangkok . Another 64 -- two journalists among them -- were wounded . One was Andrew Buncombe , Asia correspondent for the Independent newspaper in London , who was taken to the hospital with a leg injury that was not life-threatening . Officials asked protesters , residents and foreigners to head to a nearby stadium if they wanted to leave . Bangkok residents : ` This is a mini-civil war ' "  We Thai people never experienced this kind of situation before , " said Sirinun Siripanich , the assistant secretary to the Bangkok governor . "  This is like a mini-civil war . " The military operation was the government 's last stand against protests that paralyzed parts of Bangkok for months , Thai officials said . At least 40 people have been killed since clashes intensified Thursday . Trapped in Bangkok 's protest zone : Hunkering down The prime minister 's office issued a statement blaming the crackdown on failed talks between the two sides . "  Negotiations failed because core -LSB- opposition -RSB- leaders are not to be able to make decisions by themselves , " the statement said , alluding to an outside force influencing the protesters . " -LSB- We -RSB- ask core leaders to stop the rally and surrender . " The Red Shirt opposition members support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless 2006 military coup . They have been protesting for weeks , demanding that Abhisit dissolve parliament and call new elections . From his self-imposed exile abroad to avoid a trial on corruption charges , Thaksin released a statement Wednesday saying he was not the leader of the United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , and that their movement calling for new elections is not on his behalf . "  They did not demand anything for me or on my behalf . I am not UDD , " he said . Thaksin also accused the Thai government of defaming him by saying he was the mastermind behind the violence in the country 's ongoing political crisis . "  I never approve nor agree to any use of violence , " he said . "  I believe in peace . I love my country as much as any member of this government . I believe in peaceful and non-violent means to end conflict and reject any use of force . "  If there is any act of terrorism , it is the duty of this government to find the wrongdoer and prosecute them in the court of law . " The violence prompted the United Nations ' top human rights official to implore anti-government protesters and government officials to resume talks . But on Wednesday in Bangkok , as bullets rang out , black plumes of smoke rose and soldiers crept forward toward a showdown , it seemed that the time for talking had passed . iReport : 7-11 at OnNut Looted/Bombed CNN 's Dan Rivers , Sara Sidner , Kocha Olarn , Lateef Mungin and Miranda Leitsinger contributed to this report .	NEW : Some Red Shirt leaders surrender after hours of street battles At least five dead as security forces seize park held by protesters Thai government imposes curfew between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m PM Abhasit : "  I am confident we can bring the country to a long-lasting peace "
San Diego  CNN  -- You 've probably read those articles about how , in the United States , minorities are becoming the majority . That 's a polite way of describing what is really going on . Namely , that the U.S. population is becoming more Latino and less white . More than any other group , it is Latinos who are driving demographic changes . Last week , the U.S. Census Bureau reported that , of all the babies born in the United States in 2011 , more than half were members of minority groups . Latinos , Asians , African-Americans and other minorities accounted for 50.4 % of births last year , marking the first time in U.S. history this has happened . Immigration is a driving force . So is the fact that Latinos have higher birthrates because they tend to be younger and starting families . According to the report , Latinos have a median age of 27 ; with whites , it 's 42 . When I read these kinds of stories , I wince . Some people assume that making lawmakers , media and corporations aware of population trends will persuade them to see the value in diversity and cause them to reach out to nonwhite populations . In my experience , it does n't have that effect at all . People tend to do what they want to do the way they 've always done it . But what you can set your watch by is the backlash to these stories . It 's rooted in fear , but also in human nature . No one likes being told they 're being displaced or pushed aside , or that they 're not going to be as relevant as time goes on . So when David Bostis , a senior research associate at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies , tells CNN.com as he did recently : "  The Republicans ' problem is that their voters are white , aging and dying off " and that "  there will come a time when  Republicans  suffer catastrophic losses with the realization of the population changes , " it is bound to set off shock waves . And it did . Conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh saw the CNN story as a threat , and he went ballistic . "  It is clear that this , and other similar stories like this , are meant to serve as a warning to Republicans and conservatives , " Limbaugh told his audience of millions . "  And the warning is : You are on the wrong side of history . And you are on the wrong side of demographics . You better do what the coming majority wants right now , or you 're gon na suffer the consequences . There is an implied threat in this story . You 're getting older . You 're white and you 're dying off . Pretty soon you 're gon na find out what it 's been like to not be you . " "  That 's the implication of the story , " Limbaugh insisted . "  You 've been the majority for all these decades , all these generations , but your time is coming when you 're gon na be the minorities and there 's gon na be people with majority power over you . So you better learn right . You better change your ways . You better get with the program so that everybody likes you . " As is often the case when Limbaugh charges into matters of race and ethnicity , he has it all wrong . These are n't threats . These are facts . And they 're presented not to pressure people to do "  what the coming majority wants right now " as much as to highlight the value of doing the right thing by making our institutions more inclusive . Stories like this are supposed to enlighten us and give us a heads up about what 's coming around the corner , so we can take advantage of the trend and not be overrun by it . Elected officials , media companies and the business communities can put off thinking about the future , but they ca n't escape it . Meanwhile , what people like Limbaugh seem to be trying to escape is a reckoning for what happened in the past . As he sees it , all this talk about changing demographics is tied to a larger criticism of the United States as having at times fallen short of its own principles of liberty , fairness and equality . "  Part of it is payback because this evil white majority has arranged things so they get all the spoils , " he said . "  And then whatever they do n't want is what gets handed down . Those days are about over , and the big change is coming . " What needs to change is this kind of thinking . It 's total nonsense . In nearly 25 years of writing about politics , race and ethnicity , I 've never heard any member of a minority group talk about how they 're looking forward to "  payback " once they 're in the majority . Not one . What I do hear quite a bit is that people of color believe in the greatness of this country , and they want to help write the next chapter in ways that benefit them and their families . They want a seat at the table , not because they feel entitled but because they feel they have something unique and valuable to offer . And they do n't want to get even ; they just want to get ahead . What 's wrong with that ? Nothing . In fact , it 's in keeping with some of this country 's greatest traditions . Have no fear . The face of America is changing . But it 's heart and soul never will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	U.S. Census says that more than half the babies born in 2011 were minorities Ruben Navarrette : People like Rush Limbaugh see the change as a threat He says minorities are not looking forward to "  payback " once they 're in the majority Navarrette : Minorities just want a seat at the table and to offer something back to the country
CNN  -- The answer to the question will now never be known -- for many football fans had been wondering how Borussia Dortmund 's Mario Gotze would fare when taking on future employers Bayern Munich in Saturday 's Champions League final at Wembley . After both German teams booked their place in the final , supporters , journalists and former players had asked how the 20-year-old would handle a situation whereby he had the chance to shatter Bayern 's Champions League dream but such thoughts now lie idle . Last month , it was announced the midfielder was joining Dortmund 's biggest Bundesliga rivals after the recently-crowned German champions activated his release clause with a bid of $ 47 million . The move was criticized by many Dortmund fans , disappointed that a player who had been developed by the club 's academy since the age of 8 was being lost so readily and by the timing of the news . The announcement came on the eve of the opening leg of Dortmund 's Champions League semifinal with Real Madrid , which the 2012 Bundesliga champions ultimately won 4-3 on aggregate to reach their first final in 16 years . Gotze was highly influential in the first leg but tore his hamstring 14 minutes into Dortmund 's 2-0 defeat in the return fixture at the Bernabeu on April 30 -- a game that has proved to be his last for the club . "  It was my big aim to play in the final and I have been working hard to reach that in the last few weeks , " Dortmund 's website quoted the German international as saying on Wednesday . "  I am incredibly sorry that I ca n't help the team in this really important game . I have full confidence in the team and will of course be going to London to support the boys from the sidelines . " The attacking midfielder had maintained hopes of playing in London until Tuesday , when he managed an hour of training in his first full session since April until an adverse reaction curtailed his dream -- and so perhaps his chances of repairing his damaged relationship with some fans . For while the absence of Dortmund 's main playmaker represents a major tactical blow for coach Jurgen Klopp , it has been welcomed by a section of the club 's supporters . The intensity of feeling following the April announcement found some fans burning a replica of his Dortmund jersey in online videos and others labeling him ` Judas ' among other protests . When hosting Bayern in a league match on May 4 that ended 1-1 , Dortmund fans unveiled a massive banner reading ` The quest for cash reveals how much heart you really have , get lost Goetze ' . "  What you find on the internet is that some Dortmund fans are not that disappointed that Gotze can not play , " said Peter Penders , a sports journalist with German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine . "  A lot of them never wanted to see him in a Dortmund jersey again as they no longer saw him as the club 's player after he signed for Bayern . " "  He had grown up at Borussia Dortmund and was seen as a player wholly created by Borussia Dortmund , which is why they were so disappointed . " When the transfer was announced , the charismatic Klopp revealed that Gotze 's departure had hinged on the fact that former Barcelona Pep Guardiola , who will take charge of Bayern after this season , had identified him as a key player . "  The reason Gotze is leaving ? He is the favorite transfer of Guardiola , " Klopp told reporters . "  So if it 's anyone 's fault , it 's mine . I can not make myself 15 centimeters smaller and learn Spanish . Gotze wants to work with this extraordinary coach that is Guardiola . " Despite the apathy of some supporters , Dortmund - who finished runner-up to Bayern in this season 's German championship -- will miss the creativity of a player with 12 league goals and 13 assists in both the Bundesliga and Champions League this season . "  Gotze 's absence is a major problem in attack because they have to change some other things , " added Penders . "  Perhaps Marco Reus will take his position behind striker Robert Lewandowski , with Kevin Grosskreutz filling Reus ' usual position on the wing . " Dortmund are also waiting on the fitness of defender Mats Hummels , who is receiving intense treatment on the ankle he damaged in Saturday 's surprise home defeat by Hoffenheim . Meanwhile , one of the players Gotze will link up with next season says Bayern must atone for final defeats to Inter Milan in 2010 and to Chelsea in their own stadium last year . "  We have to win for the fans , the club and the whole team , " said Franck Ribery , who joined the Bavarian club six years ago . "  This is our third time , we have more experience , know what it means to play in a final , so it 's nothing new for us , everyone knows what they have to do and how we have to play against Dortmund . "  The defeat to Inter was hard , but the loss to Chelsea really hurt , it was a huge shock for everyone , " added the French winger .	Dortmund 's Gotze ruled out of Saturday 's Champions League final against Bayern Munich Midfielder alienated some Dortmund fans by agreeing to move to Bayern on 1 July Dortmund also sweating on fitness of key defender Mats Hummels
Washington  CNN  -- Lithium-ion batteries , under global scrutiny following Boeing 787 Dreamliner fires , likely have a future in aviation provided there are adequate safeguards , a top U.S. safety advocate said on Wednesday . "  I would not want to categorically say that these batteries are not safe . Any new technology , any new design , there are going to be some inherent risks , " Deborah Hersman , chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  , said in Washington . Hersman added that the agency , which investigates transportation accidents and other incidents , is still "  several weeks away " from determining electrical problems that have grounded the Dreamliner worldwide in recent weeks . Her investigators are specifically looking at a fire in early January that destroyed one of the two powerful batteries embedded in the belly of a Dreamliner while the plane was on the ground in Boston . "  We need to understand why  the Boston fire  happened and we need to make sure that in future installations that those risks are mitigated , " she said . Another battery-related incident that forced an emergency landing of a Dreamliner several days after the Boston incident is part of the investigation that also includes the Federal Aviation Administration , Japanese regulators and Boeing . Although there are only 50 Dreamliners in service worldwide , the stakes are high for the world 's largest aircraft manufacturer . Following a difficult development , Boeing has several hundred 787s on order at roughly $ 200 million apiece . The Dreamliner is the first commercial aircraft to have extensive use of lithium-ion batteries , which can hold more electrical power in a smaller , lighter space . The battery type , used in starting the 787s two engines and running its auxiliary power system , is susceptible to thermal runaway -- a chemical chain reaction -- if overcharged or undercharged . Resulting fires can be difficult to extinguish . The safety board has determined that thermal runaway and a short circuit occurred on the damaged 787 in Boston . But it has not concluded which event occurred first , or whether they were the cause or the effect of the fire . Hersman noted that the safety board has long had concerns about lithium-ion battery technology because of fire risk . "  That is never more important than in aviation , " Hersman said . "  They  aircraft  do n't have the opportunity to pull over when there 's a fire . They do n't always have accessible compartments . They do n't have fire suppression in some of those areas . And so that is where we have raised concerns in the past . " The NTSB also has concerns about that battery technology being shipped as cargo , saying the packaging and labeling is crucial to safe shipment . But she expressed hope that there were technological solutions to the technological problems . "  We want to see that  battery technology  move forward . But the safety side of that is making sure that you 've done the right risk assessment ; that you understand what the failure modes are and that you 've mitigated any potential risks . " Lithium-ion battery experts consulted by CNN say the batteries are safe for use in aviation . "  The lithium-ion batteries can be safely transported on an airplane as long as the appropriate procedure for transporting them is followed , " said Jian Xie of Purdue University 's School of Engineering and Technology . In fact , "  these lithium-ion batteries are safer than most chemicals being transported , " he said . Jian Xie said he believes the root cause of the Boston fire was a problem with the management or the monitoring system of the battery , not the battery itself . "  If you ban the transportation of lithium-ion batteries , everyone has to throw away their laptops , cell phones , iPads , etcetera , before they board the airplane . Can you imagine that ? " he said . Battery expert Dan Doughty also said batteries almost never self-combust . "  You can never say never . But it is almost impossible to have a thermal runaway that would cause the combustion that you 're talking about , " he said . Lithium-ion battery failures during use "  are very rare , " said Doughty . "  The statistics that we have are on computer batteries . And the cells that go into computer batteries have a failure rate of one in 10 million or even one in 40 million cells . So it 's quite rare , " he said . However , the fire incidents aboard the two Dreamliners very early in the plane 's life has raised concern among safety experts . Boeing has said its technical experts are working "  around the clock " and are focused on "  resolving the issue " and returning the 787 to service .	Lithium-ion batteries at center of Boeing Dreamliner grounding Safety board chair Deborah Hersman says any new technology has inherent risks Likely role for battery technology in aviation with safeguards , Hersman says Lithium-ion battery failures very rare during use , expert says
While the U.S. economy surges in 2014 , posting the biggest jobs numbers in 15 years , the Russian economy is tanking straight into a recession after a bludgeon of Western sanctions . But the economic news has n't translated to presidential approval ratings -- in either country . President Barack Obama has been facing some of his lowest job approval numbers this year while public support in Russia for President Vladimir Putin has surged over the last year to record highs . Putin 's numbers are n't just high ; they 've surged from a 61 % low in Nov. 2013 as events in Ukraine unfolded and despite sanctions hitting the country . And as opposed to Americans , a majority of Russians think their country is on the right track . A majority of Americans , 53 % according to a CNN poll released last week , disapprove of Obama while 85 % of Russians approve of Putin , according to a November poll from the highly cited Levada Center , an independent polling agency . Obama 's struggling popularity had a concrete impact in November when his party suffered a drubbing at the polls on Election Day , despite low gas prices and the lowest unemployment numbers of his presidency . Meanwhile , the Russian government admitted this week the country should brace recession because of dramatic drops in oil prices and after a spree of Western sanctions over Russia 's annexation of Crimea and its ongoing support for separatists in eastern Ukraine walloped the Russian currency and sent investors fleeing . Putin has remained defiant in the face of Western sanctions and political pressure to stand down in Ukraine . And that defiance is earning him political points at home despite the impact on the Russian economy . On Thursday Putin delivered a rallying state of the nation address in which he accused the West of replicating the Cold War containment strategy -- asserting that Western nations would have found a way to impose sanctions on Russia even without the crisis roiling in Ukraine -- and he called on Russians at home and abroad to come together . Speaking to top business leaders Wednesday , Obama appeared keenly aware of Putin 's success in stirring nationalist sentiment to beat back the force international sanctions . "  If you ask me if I am optimistic that Putin suddenly changes his mindset , I do n't think that will happen until the politics inside of Russia catch up to what 's happening with the economy in Russia , which is part of the reason why we 're going to maintain that pressure , " Obama said , according to the International Business Times . But the political landscape Obama and Putin face could n't be more different . Russian state media pumps out high levels of propaganda straight from the Kremlin , dissenting voices are censured and political dissenters are jailed . Ben Judah , author of "  Fragile Empire : How Russia Fell In And Out Of Love With Vladimir Putin , " said those factors make it more difficult to gauge Russian public opinion . "  The very idea that people know about an alternative to Putin the way Americans know about an alternative to Obama like the Republicans is just laughable , " Judah said . Judah acknowledged that there was an "  outburst of nationalist hysteria " after Russia annexed Crimea , but said he believes Western sanctions are driving down public opinion of the Russian leader as the economy takes a hit . Henry Hale , an international affairs professor at The George Washington University specializing in Russian politics , said on the whole , the polls reflect the reality on the ground of popular support for Putin . "  I do n't think Russians are really hiding their feelings , " Hale said , adding that the polls indicate support for Putin , but not necessarily the depth of that support . Media propaganda plays a key role in bolstering Putin 's popularity , Hale said , especially in the portrayal of Ukraine 's popular revolt as a fascist takeover and in portraying the annexation of Crimea as , essentially , a rescue mission . While Russians have "  rallied around the leader " in the face of Western sanctions , over time the economic impact of those sanctions could ultimately backfire on Putin . "  Over time people are going to say , ` Yeah ok we 're happy with Russia being larger and its newfound role on the political stage . We 're glad we have a leader standing up for us , but we also want a better economy , " Hale said . So while the media does boost Putin 's public image through ha "  barrage of positive images of him , " economic realities will in the long term hit Putin , adding that Putin 's strategy of blaming the West for hits to the economy is limited . "  After a while that starts to wear off , " Hale said . But that could take years , he said .	The U.S. economy is roaring and the Russian economy is sagging President Obama is in an approval slump , but Vladimir Putin is seeing a popular surge
When I read about the rape of a 23-year-old photojournalist in Mumbai , I thought , here we go again . On December 6 , 1992 , when I was a 29-year-old reporter covering the demolition of a mosque in northern India , I was attacked . I was n't raped , but my attackers sexually assaulted and then tried to kill me . Someone dragged me to a trench outside the mosque and pulled my shirt off . But a passerby jumped in , fought off my attackers and saved me . When I appeared in court to testify against the attackers , their lawyers asked me questions that implied I was responsible . How could the daughter of a good family have gone to cover the demolition ? Did I smoke ? What kind of clothes was I wearing ? Did I believe in God ? The judge did not stop them . It was a demoralizing and toxic experience , but one that is not unknown to women in India who choose to speak out against sexual attacks . They are silenced by a process that heaps shame , fear and guilt on them . Indian women feel sorrow , anger at U.S. student 's harassment In rural Rajasthan in 1992 , a judge dismissed charges filed by a low-caste , or Dalit , grassroots social worker , Bhanwari Devi , who said she was gang raped . She had been campaigning against child marriage . A judge said , "  a middle-aged man from an Indian village could not possibly have participated in a gang rape in the presence of his own nephew . " A judgment like this not only deters other women from testifying against their rapists , it also emboldens the attackers , who know that they will get away with it . Most women say they would never tell the police about an attack , afraid that they would be ignored or even abused by the cops themselves . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis In June , 13 anti-rape protesters were arrested outside the home of the West Bengal chief minister and detained for more than eight hours . Ironically , they were protesting the lack of police protection for women in the state following the rape and murder of a 20-year-old college student whose body was found lying near a river near the outskirts of Kolkata , and that of a 14-year-old girl who was raped and killed in the town of Gede , 90 miles away , only three days later . Few women want to appear in court only to be stigmatized and traumatized -- unlike treatment of the suspects . While India 's legal framework has improved for women over the past 20 years , the people implementing it are mostly male cops and lawyers who live in a deeply patriarchal society . Incidents of rape have gone up by 873 % in India in the past 60 years . On average , each day , three Dalit women are raped in some part of our country . The conviction rate for rape cases in 2011 was 25 % -- although some estimate only one in 10 rapes is reported . The conviction rate for men accused of raping Dalit women is almost nil . The National Crime Records Bureau 's annual report of crime statistics also reports disturbing findings : A woman is raped somewhere in India every 20 minutes , and the number of children raped has increased by 336 % in the past 10 years . This culture of impunity is certainly one of the reasons rape has too often become the weapon of choice for frustrated young men who blame women , increasingly visible in the workplace , for their unemployment , and who hope to regain jobs by frightening women back home through sexual violence . The desire to blame women is fed by a cult of masculinity promoted by corporate and political leaders who serve as role models for the rest of society . Harassment in India : ` The story you never wanted to hear ' In the course of my work with Apne Aap Women Worldwide , I have seen the steady creeping of a rape culture into the fabric of India . We work to organize women in prostitution to resist their own and their daughters ' rape . The biggest challenge we face is the attitude of politicians , senior police officials , heads of foundations and even policy makers who view rape as a normal part of society . Many have told me : "  Men will be men . " Recently , when National Crime Records Bureau pegged West Bengal as the state with the highest incidence of crimes against women , the chief minister contested the bureau 's statistics rather than tackling the problem . Continually , budget allocations to the Ministry of Women and Child Development are reduced . Debates to ensure equal power sharing between the sexes through the Women 's Reservation Bill have gone nowhere . But no amount of violence and intimidation is going to force women back into their homes . In fact , homes are often the places where females are in the most danger -- from the time they are conceived to old age . An average Indian female could likely be a victim of foeticide , infanticide , malnourishment , dowry , child marriage , maternal mortality , domestic servitude , prostitution , rape , honor killings and domestic violence -- simply because she is female . Equipped with better education , women are courageously taking their place in the public sphere as doctors , lawyers , journalists , bankers , politicians , farmers , teachers and more . They are signing up for social justice movements to end the growing inequality and unemployment in our country . As yet another gang-rape victim suffers in a Mumbai hospital in India , we have to recognize the need to overhaul the criminal justice system . In December 2012 , India and the world were shocked by the brutal gang rape and beating aboard a moving bus of a 23-year-old physiotherapy intern , who later died of massive internal injuries . It prompted desperate calls for reform , protests and close examination of India 's attitudes toward rape . But after the initial outrage , it seems that the law has only changed on paper . The rape in Mumbai might not have happened if the culture of rape was truly overcome and sexual assaults were taken seriously .	Ruchira Gupta says the rape of a photojournalist in Mumbai is not surprising Gupta : Women do n't report rapes because they will be stigmatized and traumatized When Gupta appeared in court to report an attack , lawyers held her responsible Gupta : Culture of rape is ingrained in misogynistic society where men in control do n't care
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- Ted Nugent should be arrested . Not because he does n't like Barack Obama but because he got up in front of a group of people and insinuated he would attempt to assassinate Obama if he 's re-elected . Or let 's put it this way : A man with a truckload of guns has threatened the life of our president while the country 's at war . Nugent 's words were : "  If Barack Obama is elected , I 'll either be dead or in jail this time next year , " which sounds to me like he 's open to directing his disapproval of Obama in a way that is violent and unlawful . When you see that statement next to Nugent comparing Obama and his colleagues to coyotes that needed to be shot , as well as the need to "  ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November , " I do n't see how that rant can not be looked upon as a threat on the president 's life . iReport : Opinion - "  I want to live in a world where you can speak your mind " I do n't care how you feel about Nugent 's music or Obama 's policies , it seems that if there were a First Amendment line to cross , that would be it . And yet , the reality is the Secret Service will spend a little time investigating Nugent , determine he 's not a true threat , and move on . If the Supreme Court can rule in favor of an 18-year-old man who , in voicing his opposition to being drafted for the Vietnam War , said : "  If they ever make me carry a rifle the first man I want to get in my sights is LBJ , " then it 's doubtful anything is going to happen to Nugent . At least anything involving jail time . People are still free to organize boycotts and express disapproval . The First Amendment protects freedom of speech but it can not insulate folks against the social and cultural repercussions that come from saying something offensive . Nugent should be in jail . But he 's just a piece of low-hanging fruit . We already know he 's a wild man who makes inflammatory remarks to stay relevant . We also know he 's not the only media figure who shocks for a living . The bigger question is why is it OK to say you 're going to kill the president , and by OK , I mean legal ? True , because President Obama is black he has attracted a unique breed of critics , such as Walter Bagdasarian , who in 2008 was arrested but later set free after posting "  Re : Obama fk the n **** r , he will a .50 cal in the head soon " on a Yahoo message board . He also posted "  Shoot the n * g. " Obama is hardly the only president to have a U.S. citizen publicly threaten his life . And yet , like Bagdasarian , the people issuing the threats are protected under a law that yanks the teeth out of another law , one that makes it a felony to threaten a president or major presidential candidate with death or bodily harm . In order to get a jail sentence to stick , prosecutors must prove the individual has made plans to carry out such a threat . So even though law enforcement found a .50 caliber muzzle-loading rifle in Bagdasarian 's home -- the kind of bullet he said would soon be in Obama 's head -- that was n't enough to keep him in jail . I do n't know about you , but I find that to be a bit unsettling , especially nowadays , when we have almost as many guns in the U.S. as we do people -- the highest rate of any country in the world of civilian gun ownership . Forty-nine states allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons outside of their home for protection , including in some cases , bars . Who needs a plan when you can be ticked off , get liquored up and then go attend a rally ? I 'm not anti-gun . I 'm pro- America . Allowing people to threaten the life of a president , particularly during time of war , is not protecting free speech as much as it is dangerously close to treason as it is defined in Article III of the Constitution . We have an agreed-upon system to replace elected officials we do n't like . It 's called democracy . If people do n't like the president , they can say that . They can vote against them . They can run . They can leave . But they should n't be allowed to go on the Internet or radio and threaten his or her life . I felt that way about George W. Bush , I feel that way about President Obama , and I will feel that way if Mitt Romney gets elected . That 's because this conversation is n't about them or the parties they represent . It 's about maintaining some level of respect for the office . How can we begin to talk seriously about "  restoring America " -- whatever that means -- when we openly threaten the life of our chief ambassador ? U.S. Presidents Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley , and Kennedy were all assassinated . Six U.S. presidents survived assassination attempts . I 'm not surprised to hear such comments from Nugent . But I am surprised that in a country with 106 million handguns , 105 million rifles , 83 million shotguns and four assassinated presidents , we do n't take such talk more seriously . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Ted Nugent should be tried and go to jail for insinuating he 'd kill Obama Threatening a president at a time of war needs to be taken seriously , LZ writes LZ : Consider that we have highest rate of civilian gun ownership in the world LZ : This disrespects the office : It 's wrong if it 's directed at a GOP president too
Washington  CNN  When Hillary Clinton graduated from Wellesley College in 1969 -- She says she did not try marijuana there -- only 12 % of Americans wanted to legalize the drug . In 45 years , however , the tide has changed for legalization : 58 % of Americans now want to make consumption legal , two states  Colorado and Washington  already have and two more states  Oregon and Alaska  could join them by the end of the year . Despite their growth in approval , many activists see 2014 as a smaller , but important , step to their end goal . It is 2016 , when voters will also decide who they want in the White House , that marijuana activists feel could be the real tipping point for their movement . "  There will certainly be even more on the ballot in 2016 , " said Tamar Todd , director of marijuana law and policy and the Drug Policy Alliance . "  More voters coming to the polls means more support for marijuana reform and in presidential election years , more voters turn out . " Demographics and money are also an important consideration . Big donors who are ready to fund pro-legalization efforts are more loose with their money in presidential years , according to activists , while Democrats and young people are more likely to turn out . This means legalization activists will be better funded to reach the nearly 70 % of 18 - to 29-year-old Americans who support legalization . On paper , activists feel their plan will work . But it is one yet to be decided factor -- who will be the Democrats ' nominee for president in 2016 -- that could throw a wrench into their push . Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination , but to many in the marijuana legalization community , she is not the best messenger for their cause . "  She is so politically pragmatic , " said Alan St. Pierre , the director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . "  If she has to find herself running against a conservative Republican in 2016 , I am fearful , from my own view here , that she is going to tack more to the middle . And the middle in this issue tends to tack more to the conservative side . " Making a concerted push during a presidential election year means activists ' goals will be directly contrasted with the Democrats ' presidential standard bearer . This happened in 2004 , when more conservative voters helped tip the presidential election for President George W. Bush ; at the same time , 11 states had anti-gay marriage questions on the ballot . Clinton has moved toward pro-legalization , though . Earlier this year , during a town hall with CNN , she told Christiane Amanpour that she wants to "  wait and see " how legalization goes in the states before making it a national decision . At the same event , she cast some doubt on medical marijuana by questioning the amount of research done into the issue . Later in the year , Clinton labeled marijuana a "  gateway drug " where there "  ca n't be a total absence of law enforcement . " "  I 'm a big believer in acquiring evidence , and I think we should see what kind of results we get , both from medical marijuana and from recreational marijuana , before we make any far-reaching conclusions , " Clinton told KPCC in July . "  We need more studies . We need more evidence . And then we can proceed . " This is more open , however , than in 2008 when Clinton was outright against decriminalization , a step that is less aggressive than legalization . Despite warming on the issue , Clinton 's position causes concern among activists like St. Pierre because he feels they are far from solid . "  If reforms keep picking up ... the winds in our sails are clear , " he said . "  But if we lose one of more or all of those elections this year , -LSB- cautious -RSB- people around her could make the argument that this thing has peaked and you now have to get on the other side of it . " St. Pierre said he also watched -- laughing -- as Clinton tried to personally distance herself from marijuana at the CNN town hall . "  Absolutely not , " Clinton said when asked if she would try the drug . "  I did n't do it when I was young , I 'm not going to start now . " "  I will eat both of my shoes , " he said , ` if she and Bill did n't trip their nuts off at Wellesley and Oxford . " What 's more , some activists spoke highly of Democrats with executive experience , such as Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who spent eight years as mayor of Baltimore . O'Malley , who is also entertaining thoughts of running for president in 2016 , supports medical marijuana ; he approved a Maryland law that decriminalized possession of small amounts of the drug in 2014 . "  As a young prosecutor , I once thought that decriminalizing the possession of marijuana might undermine the Public Will necessary to combat drug violence and improve public safety , " O'Malley said in a statement at the time . "  I now think that decriminalizing possession of marijuana is an acknowledgement of the low priority that our courts , our prosecutors , our police , and the vast majority of citizens already attach to this transgression of public order and public health . " As for where the governor is on legalization , Lis Smith , his top political adviser , said as long "  as long as it is consistent with the goal of driving down crime , " O'Malley is "  open to sensible drug policy . " With an eye on 2016 , some activists are starting to contrast that view with Clinton 's . "  I think in 2016 there is going to be a number of states with legalization initiatives on the ballot and there will be broad support , " said the Drug Policy Alliance 's Todd . "  I do n't see standing behind and defending the status quo of this destructive policy as helping a candidate in the 2016 election . " Clinton has come face to face with some aspects of marijuana policy on her trips to stump for Democrats across the country . While raising money in Colorado for Sen. Mark Udall earlier this week , Hillary Clinton saw marijuana in her coffee . Pointing to the foam design atop Udall 's latte , Clinton said , "  Look at you , you got like a plant . Is that a marijuana plant ? " To laughs from the baristas at PigTrain Coffee , some who may have seen that the design looked more like a rose than marijuana , one answered jokingly , "  That 's exactly what it is . "	Marijuana legalization activists plan to make a big push in 2016 . That push will force candidates , including Hillary Clinton if she runs , to take a stand on the issue . Clinton says she has never tried marijuana and has not been as supportive of marijuana policy as other Democrats . "  I am fearful ... that she is going to tack more to the middle , " said one activist .
Mikhail Furtado was extremely worried about his 12th-grade exams . A few days before he was due to get his results , his father walked in and found him dead . "  I opened the cottage door , put the light on and I found him hanging . He was hanging , " Anthony Furtado says . When the results came out , his father learned that Mikhail had sailed through with good grades . He says he still ca n't bring himself to go and collect the results . But Furtado is trying to use his devastating experience to benefit others . He provides counseling and is a regular at suicide prevention workshops . "  Sometimes , at the end , I do break down , " he says . Highest rate in the world among young The scale of the problem among India 's young people is huge . According to a recent World Health Organization report , India has the highest suicide rate in the world for the 15-to-29 age group . It stands at 35.5 per 100,000 people for 2012 , the last year for which numbers are available . Across all age groups , nearly 260,000 people in India killed themselves that year . Bobby Zachariah , who runs a suicide prevention group , says he blames a breakdown in India 's traditional family structure . "  There were big families , there was a lot of support available , " he says . "  Nowadays , there is one child in the family , " Zachariah says . "  And the kind of parenting styles that were applied to them when they were kids does n't apply to their children any more . " Reducing stigma Some experts say a key problem is that families brush mental health issues under the carpet rather than facing them head on . "  Mental illness is like any other illness and is treatable , " says Dr. Arun John of the Vandrevala Foundation , which aims to help people with mental health issues and other problems . This can only be tackled once greater awareness is created , he says , calling for the establishment of helplines . The Indian government took a step toward reducing some of the stigma around suicide this week , making it no longer a crime to attempt it . Officials were acting on a recommendation of a law commission report that said the desire to commit suicide should be seen as a condition needing treatment , not punishment . But in a rapidly developing India , pressures remain high to get good grades and high-paying jobs . "  Parents and schools do not make a child mentally and psychologically strong enough to handle pressure , " John says . This leads to a "  feeling of worthlessness , " he adds . ` I 'm so much better now ' One 20-year-old man in the city of Pune , near Mumbai , talked about reasons behind his brush with death . The man , who declined to be identified , said he never fared well in school and had few friends . He had problems with his girlfriend and felt his parents did n't understand him . In his depression and desperation , he would cut himself , he said , showing the scars . He attempted suicide but was saved by a timely medical intervention . Nowadays , he gets counseling and enjoys playing the guitar . He also counsels others . "  It helps them to know I 've been there , " he says . "  And that I 'm so much better now . "	Report : India has the highest suicide rate worldwide for ages 15 to 29 A father recounts finding his son dead before exam results were due A suicide prevention worker says he blames a breakdown in family structures India this week made it no longer a crime to attempt suicide
By nearly all accounts , 12-year-old Kali Hardig should not be alive . During a swim at a water park in July , she contracted parasitic meningitis , a rare infection caused by brain-eating amoebas that has a survival rate less than 1 % . Only two patients had been known to survive in the last half-century . But Kali is a fighter and , against all odds , she made it . Wednesday , after nearly seven weeks , she finally left the hospital . "  It 's awesome to be home , " Kali told CNN 's Kate Bolduan on "  New Day " Thursday morning . Kali can take a few steps on her own , and she 's been undergoing rehab . On Monday morning , she 'll reach another milestone : she 'll head back to school part-time . She 'll be in class in the morning , and in physical and speech therapy in the afternoons . "  I was determined that I was n't going to lose her , " Kali 's mom , Traci Hardig , told Bolduan . "  I 'm so thankful and blessed ... it 's just a miracle . " Uncharted territory Soon after entering the Arkansas Children 's Hospital earlier this summer , Kali was in critical condition ; she was unresponsive and unable to breathe without the assistance of a breathing tube . Kali 's doctors have been in virtually uncharted territory as they treat her for the rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  We decided that we were just going to tell  Kali  she was very sick , and she had to fight like Mom does because Mom has been battling cancer , " Traci said . "  And then we were going to ask everybody to pray for her . " Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Kali 's attending physicians , said doctors immediately started treating her with an anti-fungal medicine , antibiotics and a new experimental anti-amoeba drug doctors got directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Two weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Pasala said that while other cases have not met with such favorable results , what may have made a real difference is that Kali 's mother got her to the hospital so quickly . "  It was a long haul . We were in ICU for 22 days , " Traci said . "  It was like riding a rollercoaster -- I mean , one moment things would be going good , and then the next moment something else could happen . " ` Death within one to 12 days ' Kali is one of two 12-year-olds who recently contracted the amoeba . Zachary Reyna of Florida died last month of the parasite , even after receiving the same experimental drug that was given to Kali . He contracted the amoeba after kneeboarding in a water-filled ditch by his house August 3 , his family told CNN affiliate WBBH . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were 32 reported cases in the United States , the CDC says . Most of the cases were in the Southeast . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . You can not be infected with the organism by drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise ` One of the most severe infections ' Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Kali 's infection , according to a news release from the Arkansas Department of Health . Another case of the same infection , also called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the news release said . What 's in your pool water ? Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC that Kali 's case was "  one of the most severe infections that we know of . " "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die , " Haselow said . But not Kali . She was n't about to give up that easily . "  Thank you for praying for me , everybody , " she said on "  New Day . " Traci has a message for parents out there who might be wondering how they can keep their children safe against this microscopic amoeba . "  If you believe that there 's something more wrong with your daughter or your son than a simple virus or stomach flu , stay in there , hang in there . Talk to the doctor ... and reassure them that this is not a normal illness . "	Only two patients had been known to survive in the last half-century . "  I 've been in the hospital a long time , " she says Amoeba causes brain infection , nearly always fatal , according to the CDC Parasite generally found in people who swim in warm fresh water
CNN  -- Iran has brought down a U.S. "  spy drone " flying near its Fordo nuclear enrichment plant in Qom province , state-run media reported Wednesday . The date of the incident has not been disclosed , and three U.S. officials said there was no indication or information that a U.S. drone was downed . State-run Press TV reported the development , citing a Tuesday story from another website -- javanonline.ir . Ali Aqazadeh Dafsari , an Iranian lawmaker , said air defense units of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps shot down the drone , Press TV reported , citing javanonline.ir Dafsari , who is a member of parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Committee , said that the craft was on a mission to identify the plant 's location and collect information about the facility for the CIA . The development emerged as the Iranian government announced on Tuesday that it was installing a new generation of centrifuges in its nuclear facilities . The French Foreign Ministry called the development "  a new wave of provocation " that flouts United Nations resolutions . Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology has led to U.N. sanctions and accusations from the United States that the clerical regime is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran says it has a right to peaceful nuclear technology . The U.N. nuclear agency has said it can not verify whether the intent of Tehran 's nuclear program remains peaceful . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. officials said there 's no indication of a downed drone The drone was brought down near a nuclear enrichment plant The date of the incident was not reported
AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- A 12-year-old Yemeni girl , who was forced into marriage , died during a painful childbirth that also killed her baby , a children 's rights group said Monday . Fawziya Ammodi struggled for three days in labor , before dying of severe bleeding at a hospital on Friday , said the Seyaj Organization for the Protection of Children . "  Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care , the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening , " said Seyaj President Ahmed al-Qureshi . Born into an impoverished family in Hodeidah , Fawziya was forced to drop out of school and married off to a 24-year-old man last year , al-Qureshi said . Child brides are commonplace in Yemen , especially in the Red Sea Coast where tribal customs hold sway . Hodeidah is the fourth largest city in Yemen and an important port . More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 -- many times to older men , some with more than one wife , a study by Sanaa University found . While it was not immediately known why Fawziya 's parents married her off , the reasons vary . Sometimes , financially-strapped parents offer up their daughters for hefty dowries . Marriage means the girls are no longer a financial or moral burden to their parents . And often , parents will extract a promise from the husband to wait until the girl is older to consummate the marriage . Children 's organization UNICEF issued a statement Monday saying : "  Child marriages violate the rights of children in the most deplorable way . The younger the girl is when she becomes pregnant , the greater the health risks for her and her baby . "  Girls who give birth before the age of 15 are five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their 20s . Child marriage denies girls of their childhood , deprives them of an education and robs them of their innocence . " "  More must be done to address the underlying causes in order to prevent tragic deaths like those of 12-year-old Fawziya and her baby , " the statement added . The issue of Yemeni child brides came to the forefront in 2008 with 10-year-old Nujood Ali . She was pulled out of school and married to a man who beat and raped her within weeks of the ceremony . To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- the first time in her life -- to get across town to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge . After a well-publicized trial , she was granted a divorce . The Yemeni parliament tried in February to pass a law , setting the minimum marriage age at 17 . But the measure has not reached the president because many parliamentarians argued it violates sharia , or Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age .	Children 's rights group draws attention to plight of child brides in Yemen 12-year-old Yemeni girl Fawziya Ammodi died after painful three-day labor Fawziya left school and was forced to marry a 24-year-old man in 2008 More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18
CNN  Turkey has arrested a person -- working for an undisclosed nation 's intelligence service -- on suspicion of helping three British girls who are thought to have entered Syria to join ISIS , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday . This person was working for a country that is part of an international anti-ISIS coalition , Cavusoglu said . Separately , a Turkish official speaking on condition of anonymity said that the suspect is not Turkish , and is not a citizen of the country for which he was working . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ? Britain 's Foreign Office on Thursday released a statement about the arrest . "  We are aware that an arrest has been made by the Turkish National Police and that the Metropolitan Police have informed the families of the three girls , " the statement read . "  There has been close cooperation between ourselves and the Turkish authorities , and the Foreign Secretary is in regular contact with his Turkish counterpart . As soon as the UK received this information it was acted upon appropriately . " Girls ' ISIS checklist : Makeup , underwear CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report from London .	The person was working for a country that 's part of an anti-ISIS coalition , official says The "  Metropolitan Police have informed the families of the three girls , " UK says
Horsemeat has been discovered in products labeled as 100 % beef and sold in Sweden , the United Kingdom and France . Food authorities in those countries have launched investigations but the supply chain being studied includes still more countries . We look at the implications . How did the presence of horsemeat come to light ? In January , the Food Safety Authority of Ireland found that 10 out of 27 hamburger products it analyzed in a study contained horse DNA , while 23 of them tested positive for pig DNA . In one sample from Tesco -- Britain 's largest grocery chain -- the horsemeat accounted for about 29 % of the burger . Read more : Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland On Monday February 4 , Swedish food producer Findus withdrew its frozen lasagna -- labeled with the British spelling , "  lasagne " -- from British stores as a precaution after its French supplier , Comigel , raised concerns about the type of meat used . On Wednesday February 6 , tests confirmed that horsemeat was present in a number of samples . The next day , Britain 's Food Standards Agency  FSA  confirmed that "  meat content of beef lasagne products recalled by Findus has tested positive for more than 60 % horse meat . " Findus said a letter from Comigel dated February 2 suggested the contamination might date back to August 2012 . Then on Friday February 8 , retailer Aldi withdrew two products -- Today 's Special Frozen Beef Lasagne and Today 's Special Frozen Spaghetti Bolognese -- after they were found to contain between 30 % and 100 % horse meat . The products implicated were also from French supplier , Comigel . On Monday February 11 , Tesco announced that it had found horsemeat in some Everyday Value Spaghetti Bolognese - which it had withdrawn from sale a week earlier as a precaution . It said no evidence of the veterinary drug phenylbutazone - or bute - had been found . Which other countries are affected ? Agence France-Presse  AFP  has reported that Comigel supplies products to customers in 16 countries . Findus France has temporarily withdrawn three ready-prepared dishes -- lasagna Bolognese , shepherd 's pie and moussaka -- because of the discovery of horsemeat in products that should be 100 % beef . Six big French retailers -- Auchan , Casino , Carrefour , Cora , Picard and Monoprix -- have also said they are recalling lasagne and other products . Some companies in Sweden supplied by Comigel -- including Axfood , Coop , and ICA -- have also pulled certain meat products from the shelves due to the possibility they contain horsemeat . The Netherlands Food and Consumer Product Safety Authority confirmed on Tuesday February 12 that Dutch supermarket chains including PLUS and Boni had withdrawn Primafrost brand lasagne from their shelves , while its authenticity was investigated . A spokeswoman said it was a preemptive measure . Will eating horsemeat make me sick ? Britain 's FSA says horsemeat "  is not a risk in itself " but that it has ordered Findus to test its lasagne for the veterinary drug phenylbutazone , or "  bute . " Bute is not allowed in the food chain because in humans it can cause rare cases of a serious blood disorder , aplastic anaemia . The anti-inflammatory was banned from use in humans after it was found that about 1 person in 30,000 recipients suffered a serious side effect . The FSA said the levels of bute reported in previous testing of contaminated meat would have to be multiplied a thousand-fold to be at the same level as that which used to be given to humans . In a statement , Britain 's chief medical officer said : "  It 's understandable that people will be concerned , but it is important to emphasize that , even if bute is found to be present at low levels , there is a very low risk indeed that it would cause any harm to health . " How did horsemeat enter the food chain ? Britain 's FSA said the evidence it had "  points to either gross negligence or deliberate contamination in the food chain . " It said it was working closely with police , who would be involved if evidence suggested a level of criminality within the UK . Environment Secretary Owen Paterson said the frozen burgers from Tesco and the lasagne from Findus were believed to be linked to suppliers in Ireland and France respectively . Paterson said the French authorities viewed the issue "  as a case of fraud rather than food safety . " In an oral statement to parliament on Monday February 11 , Paterson said the "  ultimate source of these incidents is still being investigated . " He said he had been in contact with ministers in Ireland , France and Romania and that the issue appeared to be one of "  fraud and mislabeling . " AFP reported that Comigel had blamed French meat-processing company Spanghero , which blamed Romanian abattoirs where it said the meat was bought via traders in Cyprus and the Netherlands . But Romania 's prime minister said the two Romanian slaughterhouses initially suspected to have links to the horse meat scandal never had direct contact with Comigel and had not done anything illegal . Minister of Agriculture Daniel Constantin said there was no evidence false horse meat labeling occurred in Romania . Read more : Battle over blame after horse meat found What action are food authorities taking ? Britain 's FSA has ordered food businesses to use independent laboratories to test all beef products for authenticity -- to see whether the content of the meat matches the label . The deadline for the first round of testing is Friday February 15 . The FSA has also ordered Findus to test for bute , with results due "  in the next few days " and to be published on the authority 's website . It has advised any retailers or producers that had sourced beef products from Comigel to conduct a precautionary withdrawal of product . In France , consumer affairs minister , Benoit Hamon , has also ordered an immediate investigation and said results will be available by midweek . In a statement , Hamon said a provider in Luxembourg and traders in Cyprus and the Netherlands were part of the chain being probed . The Swedish National Food Agency has announced it is reporting Findus to police , which is the standard course of action when products have been sold with the wrong labels . European Union officials plan to meet in Brussels to discuss the issue on Wednesday February 13 . Read more : EU officials to meet about horsemeat scandal How has the public reacted ? The revelations have revolted many meat eaters in the United Kingdom , where horse meat is generally considered taboo , although it is commonly eaten in neighboring France , as well as countries including China , Russia , Kazakhstan and Italy . January 's discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat . Read more : Horse : Coming to a meat case near you ?	Horsemeat has been found in "  beef " products sold in Sweden , the UK and France Horsemeat is n't a health hazard , but could contain a veterinary drug unsafe for humans Britain 's FSA suspects "  gross negligence or deliberate contamination " The agency has ordered food businesses to test all beef products for authenticity
CNN  -- Ahead of the rain-lashed vehicles , tree branches lay across the road . We 'd encountered countless military , police and vigilante checkpoints but now we were in Boko Haram 's backyard , we worried if the checkpoints were being replaced by ambushes . After the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls from a school in northern Nigeria , the whole world 's attention was focused on one village - Chibok -- but CNN was the first news organization to send a team to the scene of the atrocity . Setting up interviews with those impacted by the mass abduction was quite a task , but once in place , the bigger challenge became "  how do we safely get there . " I have covered conflict zones before and always focus on the stories we 'll hope to get , rather than the potential danger . That 's how I deal with the fear . We were trying to find security escorts , but no one was willing to journey to Chibok , which is situated in Borno State -- one of the three states considered to be the heartland of Boko Haram . The militant Islamist group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders . It was unlikely they would welcome Western journalists , and those accompanying us , with open arms . The journey from the relative safety of Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , to the remote countryside stalked by Boko Haram can take 8 to 10 hours , but logistics and security concerns meant that it took us four days . We traveled in two cars -- 4x4s to handle the terrain . Even before we reached the militant-plagued area , we suffered setbacks . In Bauchi State , a tire on the first car blew-out , causing it to lose control . Now we were down one car . It was hours before we could find a resident willing to lend his rundown car to us and to travel to Chibok . Eventually this car broke down and had to be abandoned . ` Why did I come ? ' When we entered Borno State , we were hit by a violent storm . We could see absolutely nothing as strong rains lashed our vehicles . Night had fallen , we were still far away from our destination of the state capital Maiduguri and our driver was unfamiliar with the road . We could n't see to the side , behind or ahead . While covering stories in other conflict zones , there have been instances when the danger was so apparent that I wondered - "  Why did I come ? " For this story , it was that night as we entered Borno State -- in the dark during a strong storm . The situation was all the more eerie because the storm had brought down branches across the road and we wondered if we were being set up for an ambush . Eventually , however , we did arrive in the relative safety of Maiduguri , the state 's capital , only to encounter another hurdle . We had organized a police escort to accompany us for the final , most dangerous leg from Maiduguri south to Chibok . The road is notorious for ambushes and attacks by Boko Haram . As we readied to journey along it on our third day , our police escort said they could not take us because that morning it had been the scene of a shootout between the militants -- who had come from raiding a village - and security forces . One of the officials had been shot in the neck . Beyond the checkpoints By the time we left with a police escort the following day , it was about noon . Our route had all been tarmac until the town of Damboa , from where the road leads to Chibok . From that point , there 's no tarmac whatsoever . Drivers are forced to swerve left and right to avoid the potholes caused by the heat and it 's really rough terrain -- savannah . Damboa also hosted the last security checkpoint we encountered . Prior to that we had been forced to stop constantly . There would be a military checkpoint , a few minutes later a police checkpoint and then a few minutes later a vigilante checkpoint -- staffed by local men armed with machetes looking out for Boko Haram . But on the road to the village now the focus of the whole world 's attention because of the atrocity that took place there -- there was nothing , not one checkpoint . We were driving through a vast area of open land , high grass and shrubs . And there was no homestead in sight . Any checkpoint set up by the security forces would basically make them sitting ducks for the insurgents . Our convoy was on its own . Our police escorts were armed with AK-47 rifles and we had flak jackets on the seats beside us -- kept out of sight so as not to raise questions about our purpose -- but our main defense was to drive as fast as possible along the pitted road for the 45-minute journey . A number of thoughts went through my mind ; this was the road to Chibok ; militants could storm us from anywhere on that road . It was a very scary moment . And at the same time I kept thinking , "  how is it possible that there is no single security check point towards this village ? Not even one ? " Arriving in Chibok we found a spread-out village with a vibrant market with residents buying and selling food stuffs . The most popular stand , however , is the phone charging stand - because there is no power in the homes . Overnight stay Our late departure meant we had arrived in Chibok around 3pm and the police said it was too dangerous to return along the same road so we had to sleep over in the village . That was n't part of the plan . Ever . We were offered guest huts to stay in . But we declined as our presence would be so obvious -- and of course we did n't want to be with the police because if there was an attack that would be where a shootout would be . A very brave local family hosted us , providing us with mats to sleep outside . A village that has lost so much still found reserves of humanity to offer us hospitality . During the day , Chibok looks like a normal village . But at night is when you see the fear and terror . The women , elderly and children go to sleep . And the young men stay awake , doing patrols , keeping vigil . CNN 's team joined them , and discovered that one thing was clear : Chibok residents have stopped waiting for the government , they are protecting their own . See Nima Elbagir 's report on the Chibok night patrol . See Nima Elbagir 's report on a Nigerian girl who escaped Boko Haram .	On April 14 , Boko Haram militants abducted more than 200 girls from a school in Nigeria The schoolgirls had been sleeping at the school in Chibok , in northeastern Borno State Producer Lillian Leposo was part of a CNN team that spent four days traveling to the village They passed numerous checkpoints until the final 45 minute leg to Chibok itself
CNN  -- When several health setbacks sapped my 77-year-old dad 's zest for life , I had to do something . My friend Diane came to my rescue when she showed off her Fitbit , a small wearable digital device that logs every step you make and nudges you to keep moving . It also tracks your calories to help watch how much you eat . I was intrigued . My dad , Vesselin Vassilev , loves gadgets , so I thought a Fitbit could get him off the couch . Six months later , he 's still moving . He 's lost weight and feels more energized , but what happens when the novelty wears off ? Can digital monitors really help people like my dad kick unhealthy habits blamed for growing global obesity rates ? A health study published in January by a UK-based think tank says over-eating and sedentary lifestyles are causing an "  explosion " of obesity around the world . The Overseas Development Institute 's "  Future Diets " study found that in 2008 , one in three adults was overweight or obese , a 23 % rise from 1980 . In the same time , obesity had spread faster in the developing world than richer countries . People are gaining weight because they 're eating more meat , sugar and fat -- and in bigger portions . And doctors say obesity puts us more at risk of some of the leading causes of preventable death -- like heart disease , stroke , type-2 diabetes and certain types of cancer . Doctors say we need to eat less and move more to maintain a healthy weight . But getting us moving has been an uphill battle . Few people are able to stick with a fitness routine for long . Gold 's Gym in the U.S. says 50 % of their members eventually return to their sedentary lifestyle . You 've probably noticed how gyms get crowded by the "  New Year Resolution " people in January , only to get back to normal by spring . Many people just ca n't stay motivated for long . So does technology stand a better chance ? Digital activity monitors seem to offer a technological solution to solving both problems , eating too much and moving too little . They all work in a similar way , using a sensor to track movement , heart rate and body temperature . They nudge you to move when you sit too long and give you feedback on whether you 're meeting your goal . You can wear them as a bracelet or pin them to your belt or clothing . They can connect to websites where you can check your daily activity , log your calories and compete with other users . Some of the monitors can tell you how well you 've slept , by tracking your moves at night . Among the most popular brands are Fitbit , Jawbone UP and Nike FuelBand . They cost between $ 60 and $ 200 , depending on the features . According to NPD , a consumer market research group which tracks sales , Fitbit had 67 % share of the U.S. retail market , Jawbone UP accounted for 19 % and Nike FuelBand , 10 % . Fitbits are now sold in 30,000 stores across 28 countries around the world . And Jawbone has announced plans to expand in Europe , Asia , Australia and the Middle East . Last year Fitbit made inroads at CNN . Several staff gave it a try , including my colleague Courtney Perkins . "  Little did I know , that would be the one thing , after countless diets and resolutions and short-lived exercise programs , that finally works , " she said . So I surprised my dad with a Fitbit when I went to see him in my native Bulgaria . Associate Professor Katie Siek , who studies wearable digital devices at Indiana University 's Informatics Department , says monitors have taken off because they are easy to use and actively track progress towards goals . But is this another passing fitness fad ? Health economist Jane Sarasohn-Kahn believes they have lasting power because they meet the needs of our modern lives . She says do-it-yourself monitoring will become more important in healthcare , both as a way for people to manage their health and get feedback from their doctors . Courtney is still using her Fitbit more than a year later , while dad has been wearing his for six months . Dad says : "  I move two to three times more than before and I 'm more energized and feel stronger . "  I walk three to five miles a day and want to do even more . " But Courtney is our newsroom Fitbit star . She lost 30 pounds  13kg  in eight months . She went from being overweight to being in the normal range and has kept the weight off since last November . But they have their struggles . Dad is still used to putting his feet up . Courtney 's biggest challenge is life 's special occasions , "  the perfect excuse to slack off . " She says : "  I have to work hard to maintain my no-excuses policy while still cutting myself some slack every once in a while . It 's a tough balance to strike . "  Also , vacations -- when I take a week off from work , the routine is broken . I really have to make sure I 'm wearing the Fitbit and logging calories every day or I 'll fall off the wagon . " For now Courtney and dad are determined to stick with their Fitbits . But even if they lose interest , they all say they 've gained one lasting benefit , more awareness of how much to move and eat to stay healthy . Sarasohn-Kahn says awareness helps us adopt good habits . "  Over time , your daily life flow changes and these movements become more automatic . "  These actions can be mutually-reinforcing , in particular the more you move , the more you burn calories , so that informs the food choices you make on a daily basis . " The Endeavor Partners research firm found that 50 % of consumers stopped using their digital tracking devices within six months . But device use could go up as more employers provide them to cut healthcare costs . And scientists are testing ways to tweak digital activity trackers to help people stay with them longer . The biggest benefit to me is how it helped my dad regain his zest for life . But I 'm a little apprehensive about getting a monitor . I worry about becoming too controlled by a gadget always keeping a wary eye on me . Besides , my "  low-tech " routine has worked well for more than six years now . But seeing how much fun people are having with their monitors , it might just be enough to nudge me to join in the fun .	Do-it-yourself fitness monitoring is a growing trend But do gadgets that track your exercise programs have lasting benefits ? CNN 's Ralitsa Vassileva looks at the progress made by her colleagues -- and her dad
CNN  -- Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers Hall of Fame center fielder Donald "  Duke " Snider died Sunday at a convalescent hospital in Escondido , California . He was 84 , according to team officials . Snider 's career with the Dodgers spanned 16 seasons and included a half-dozen World Series appearances . Among them was the 1955 series , which the Brooklyn Dodgers won , as well as the 1959 series title , which Snider 's team captured after moving to California . A statement released by the Dodgers ' organization described Snider as one of "  the game 's more feared hitters . " Snider led the major leagues in home runs and runs batted in during the 1950s . With a career total 389 home runs and 1,271 RBIs , the seven-time All-Star center fielder remains the Dodger franchise 's all-time leader in both categories . He slugged four homers apiece in the 1952 and 1955 World Series . Snider was nicknamed "  Duke " by his father at age 5 . The former high school baseball , football and basketball standout was inducted in to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1980 and his Dodger number 4 uniform was retired . After retiring as a player , Snider returned as a minor league manager for the Dodgers . He later joined the Montreal Expos as batting coach and broadcaster . "  He was an extremely gifted talent and his defensive abilities were often overlooked because of playing in a small ballpark , Ebbets Field , " said former Dodgers broadcaster Vin Scully , referring to the Dodgers ' home in Brooklyn . "  When he had a chance to run and move defensively , he had the grace and the abilities of  Joe  DiMaggio and  Willie  Mays and of course , he was a World Series hero that will forever be remembered in the borough of Brooklyn . " Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig called Snider , "  a key player during a special era in baseball , joining Willie Mays and Mickey Mantle to form New York City 's unparalleled triumvirate of center fielders -- Willie , Mickey and The Duke . "	Donald "  Duke " Snider died at 84 Sunday Snider is the Dodgers ' all-time leader in home runs and RBIs Broadcaster Vin Scully calls Snider a "  World Series hero "
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council failed to reach a consensus when it met to consider condemning an attack that killed eight people at a prominent Jewish seminary as an act of terrorism . Ambulance workers put one of the casualties from the seminary attack into an ambulance . The council said Libya -- a new , nonpermanent member -- blocked the statement on Thursday night . Ibrahim Dabbashi , Libya 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , said the attack on the school was no different than Israeli military offensives against militants in Gaza . But Dan Gillerman , Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations , said he saw no connection between Thursday 's shooting and Israel 's operations in Gaza . "  This is not a story of retaliation , " he said . "  These people have been terrorizing Israel for years , have been carrying out suicide bombings and indiscriminate attacks for years . " A gunman broke into the Jewish seminary about 8:30 p.m. , spraying automatic-weapons fire , authorities said . Most of the victims were students in their teens and 20s , medical officials said . At least nine others were wounded before an off-duty Israel Defense Forces officer fatally shot the gunman , Jerusalem District Police commander Aharon Franko said . The gunman was carrying an AK-47 and a pistol -- and had time to swap weapons during the massacre . Police are trying to identify the gunman and figure out how he managed , while drawing little notice , to enter the large three-story school in a bustling residential neighborhood . "  There was no alert or warning about this attack , " Franko said . Watch the immediate aftermath of the attack " A first responder said the bodies were on the floor of the study hall surrounded by holy books . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack . Video from Thursday 's scene showed a frantic crowd of rescue workers carrying bloodied victims into ambulances . Dozens of police officers were scouring the campus and streets around the yeshiva in case there were other gunmen . Outside the school , scores of Israeli men gathered from surrounding neighborhoods , demanding justice for the attack . Authorities are calling the incident at west Jerusalem 's Merkaz Harav yeshiva an act of terrorism . The school is one of the largest seminaries in Israel , with about 500 students in the yeshiva and 200 in an advanced graduate program . "  Israel is at the forefront of the struggle against terrorism and will continue to defend its citizens , who are exposed to this threat on a daily basis , " Israel 's Foreign Ministry said in a written statement . "  Israel expects the nations of the world to support it in its war against those who murder students , women and children , by any means and with respect for neither place nor target . " President Bush backed Israeli leaders in a statement issued Thursday , saying , "  I condemn in the strongest possible terms the terrorist attack in Jerusalem that targeted innocent students at the Merkaz Harav yeshiva . This barbaric and vicious attack on innocent civilians deserves the condemnation of every nation . " But Libya 's Dabbashi compared the attack with "  bloodshed in the Palestinian territory . " "  For us , the human lives are the same . We judge the incident itself , " Dabbashi told reporters after the Security Council meeting . "  When we have to condemn the killing of the Israeli civilians , we also have to look at what 's happening in Gaza . " Jerusalem security increased Security was bolstered , with thousands of additional officers across Jerusalem and the rest of Israel , authorities said . Meanwhile , celebratory shooting took place in Gaza City after the news of the attack , with hundreds chanting and clapping in the streets . But Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas criticized the killings . "  The Palestinian Authority condemns any attack on innocent civilians , " Abbas ' office said in a written statement . The shootings came just a day after U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who met with both Israelis and Palestinians , announced that peace talks will resume between the two sides . Abbas suspended peace negotiations last week after fierce fighting broke out between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza , but he agreed to resume negotiations after meeting with Rice . Israel will continue peace talks with the Palestinians regardless of the attack in Jerusalem , Foreign Ministry spokesman Aryeh Mekel said Thursday . Israel conducted a large-scale operation in Gaza to hunt down Palestinian militants who have been firing dozens of rockets into Israel . At least 70 Palestinians and two Israeli soldiers were killed during the operation , Israeli and Palestinian sources said . Militants also fired at least 25 rockets toward Israel , wounding at least two civilians . "  This operation came directly after the attack committed inside Gaza . This operation is a normal response , " said Fawzi Barhoom , a Hamas spokesman in Gaza . Watch Barhoom 's reaction to the attack " Gillerman said the Security Council should condemn the attack . "  They are so , so quick sometimes to criticize Israel for defending itself . I would like to see those members convene as we speak in order to condemn this in the strongest possible terms . " Thursday 's attack was the worst inside Israel since April 17 , 2006 , when a suicide bombing outside a falafel restaurant in Tel Aviv killed nine people . Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for that attack . Attacks in Jerusalem are rare . Eight people were wounded August 10 in the Old City when a Palestinian resident grabbed a security guard 's gun and fired ; and four Israeli security guards were wounded May 26 when two Palestinian gunmen began firing in east Jerusalem . All three of the assailants were killed . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Off-duty Israel Defense Forces officer fatally shot attacker Gunman went into Jewish seminary in Jerusalem with little apparent notice Police spokesman : "  There was no alert or warning about this attack " The violence comes a day after announcement of renewed peace talks
CNN  The asteroid that flew close to Earth Monday did n't come alone . NASA images released Monday reveal the asteroid , officially known as 2004 BL86 , has its own small moon . The grainy , black and white photos show the asteroid , about a third of a mile in size , spinning through space , with its 230-foot-wide moon trailing behind . Asteroid 2004 BL86 came about 745,000 miles  1.2 million kilometers  from Earth , or about three times as far away as the moon , just after 11 a.m. ET Monday , according to NASA . It was far enough that it did n't pose a threat to Earth , but close enough to give scientists and amateurs a chance to observe a large asteroid up close . It was the closest known asteroid this large to pass near Earth until 2027 , when an asteroid called 1999 AN10 flies by . Observers on the ground did n't see much when the asteroid was closest to Earth Monday morning , because it was n't at its brightest . Only a portion of its illuminated side was visible , according to Sky & Telescope magazine . The asteroid brightened as it got farther from the Earth because its face became more fully illuminated , the magazine said . The best chance for viewing was from 8 p.m. ET Monday to 1 a.m. ET Tuesday . NASA scientists snapped radar-generated images of the asteroid using the Deep Space Network antenna at Goldstone , California , and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico . "  While it poses no threat to Earth for the foreseeable future , it 's a relatively close approach by a relatively large asteroid , so it provides us a unique opportunity to observe and learn more , " Don Yeomans , the recently retired manager of NASA 's Near Earth Object Program Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , said in a NASA news release . Yeomans retired on January 9 after 16 years of tracking asteroids . Paul Chodas has been designated as the new manager . "  We should be getting some great radar images of this asteroid , " Chodas told CNN before the asteroid passed . "  Radar would be the key to study the asteroid 's surface , give an idea of its shape , whether it has rocks and that kind of stuff on it . It 'll be really exciting . " Observers without binoculars or a scope watched from their computers on The Virtual Telescope Project 2.0 . The asteroid was discovered on January 30 , 2004 , by a telescope of the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research survey in White Sands , New Mexico . Want to know more about asteroids ? Check out NASA 's asteroid watch program or follow it on Twitter . CNN 's Doug Criss contributed to this story .	The asteroid was its closest on Monday morning , but the best viewing was Monday night Asteroid 2004 BL86 passed within 750,000 miles of Earth NASA photos released Monday show small moon orbiting the asteroid
Allegations of endemic doping within Russian athletics revealed in a German documentary are to be investigated by the World Anti-Doping Authority . The Das Erste documentary broadcast by ZDF/ARD alleged Russian officials covered up positive drugs tests in return for financial reward , that athletes traveled under assumed names to avoid doping programs and if they had failed tests they would n't be allowed to compete in major events . According to the English transcript , provided by Das Erste , former Russia discus thrower Evgenia Pecherina -- currently serving a 10-year doping ban -- alleged in an interview for the program that "  most of " Russian athletes were doping . She told "  Secret Doping Dossier : How Russia produces its Winners : " The greater part . 99 % . And you get absolutely anything . Everything the athlete wants . And the shorter the period it can be detected , the more expensive the product . " The World Anti-Doping Authority , or WADA , said it had seen the allegations and "  will ensure that all matters raised are fully investigated . "  WADA has in fact already received some information and evidence of the type exposed in the documentary , " the anti-doping organization said in a statement . "  All of that information has been passed to the appropriate independent body within the international federation , the IAAF , " added the WADA statement , referring to the International Association of Athletics Federations , the governing body for athletics . "  We will await the outcome of that independent body 's deliberations . The anti-doping body promised that if "  action is warranted , WADA will take any necessary and appropriate steps under the Code . " The Russian Anti-Doping Agency  RUSADA  announced it would also be launching an investigation into the allegations Friday . However , the day before Russian athletics federation president Valentin Balakhnichev , who is also the treasure of the IAAF , told Reuters news agency the documentary 's allegations were a "  pack of lies . " Russia came top of the medal table at the winter Olympics in Sochi this year and of their tested athletes none provide positive tests . One of the athletes interviewed in the one-hour documentary , Liliya Shobukhova -- a former Chicago and London marathon winner -- alleges she paid the Russian Athletics Federation hundreds of thousands of dollars to cover up "  abnormal blood values " and as a bribe to compete in the 2012 Games . "  It all started at the end of 2011 , in December , " Shobukhova tells the program on camera , according to the transcript sent to CNN . "  The Russian Athletics Federation approached us . They told us that we could have problems -- that participating at the 2012 Olympic Games was endangered . "  And now we would have to pay 150,000 Euros to solve these problems . Then I could take part in the Olympic Games . I have dedicated my whole life to preparing for the Olympic Games . " By the next summer , Shobhukhova says she paid a total of 450,000 euros in bribes , according to the documentary . Earlier this year the Russian Athletics Federation handed Shobukhova a two-year ban after her biological passport -- a method used to monitor any potential doping violations -- showed "  abnormal haematological curves . " Many of the claims made within the program come from Vitaliy Stepanov , a former official at RUSADA and his wife , Yuliya , a former runner who was banned for doping . Vitaly Stepanov worked for RUSADA between 2008 and 2011 , but he and his wife have now left Russia , according to the documentary . "  In a training camp in Portugal , our athletes simply lived under false names , " Yuliya told the documentary , according to the transcript CNN has been given . "  They have taken banned substances , they undertook a course of doping , and to ensure that foreign control officers did not come and test them , they provided false names . "  When we were in Kyrgyzstan in a training camp , I was supposed to start a course of tablets on 15 November . A coach asked me , ` Have you got clean urine ? ' I said to him : ` No , you should have told me about that before . ' "  Then he said : ` Fill some in here in advance , so that you have some if the control officers come here . ' I then did what he had said and I had a container in the freezer with clean urine . However Grigory Rodchenkov , the director of Moscow 's doping control lab , told investigative journalist Hajo Seppelt , who worked on the documentary : "  You should be very careful to believe cheaters . Because they have the catastrophe of their life . " The Russian government funds and oversees the Russian Athletics Federation , RUSADA and the national doping test laboratory . The IOC told CNN that it is now awaiting a report from the IAAF . "  These are very serious allegations and the IOC will not hesitate to take all necessary steps , " an IOC spokeswoman told CNN in a statement . "  The IOC Ethics Commission has already been in contact with IAAF independent Ethics Commission which has begun an investigation . The IOC Ethics Commission has asked to be kept fully informed of any issues that could fall under its jurisdiction and for which future action may be necessary . " According to the latest IAAF report , Russia currently has 68 athletes banned for doping offenses . In a statement on its website , the IAAF revealed that its ethics commission would be examining the allegations . "  The IAAF has noted a number of grave allegations regarding doping activities related to the sport of athletics in Russia , which have been broadcast on the German TV channel ZDF/ARD on 3 December 2014 , " read the statement . "  An investigation by the IAAF Ethics Commission is already ongoing with respect to some of the allegations made in the documentary . "  We would like to underline that the IAAF Ethics Commission is completely independent of the IAAF and has full powers to investigate and issue sanctions when relevant . "  A transcript in English of the German TV documentary has been forwarded to the Ethics Commission . "  With regard to matters revealed in the documentary related to anti-doping and , therefore outside the scope of the Ethics Commission , these will be studied carefully and dealt with according to the relevant IAAF rules and in full co-operation with WADA . "	German documentary makes allegations against Russian athletics Program claims doping is rife within the nation 's athletes World Anti-Doping Authority to investigate claims IOC awaiting findings before making further comment
CNN  "  Sleeping in our caves is a mystical experience , " says Umberto Paolucci . "  You 'll find your spirit and the real essence of life . Even if you 're looking for neither . " As the co-owner of Grotte della Civita , a luxury resort dug into a precipice of primeval stones that seemingly rise from nowhere at Matera in Italy 's deepest south , Paolucci knows a thing or two about journeys of discovery and redemption . Once a refuge for monks , nuns and hermits fleeing persecution in the Middle Ages , the caves slowly fell into oblivion . For centuries , Matera 's 156 rock crypts and maze of grottoes , known as Sassi , were home to "  troglodyte " outcasts living in inhuman conditions . When inhabitants were driven out in the 1950s , the caves became a haven for prostitutes and junkies . That was before Paolucci stepped in to help oversee their rebirth as a tourism destination . "  When we entered there were illegal dump sites , prostitutes ' mattresses , drug addicts ' syringes and mistreated pit bulls , " says Paolucci . Several of Matera 's cave dwellings and crypts have been restored as a "  spiritual hotel . " It 's a destination that offers an attractive blend of isolation and luxury for anyone looking for some stress busting or soul searching . "  They 're enchanted , magical , but real at the same time , " Paolucci adds . Matera is now a UNESCO World Heritage site , and picked as the 2019 European Capital of Culture . Modern day pilgrims At the entrance to Sassi , the same crumbling fresco of the Madonna and Child that once greeted monks and hermits  and , legend says , even Templar Knights  greets modern pilgrims . Grotte della Civita  Via Civita 28 , Matera ; +39 0835 332744  features 18 soberly restyled grotto rooms clustered around a cave crypt that serves as restaurant , cocktail and lounge area . Friars ' cells have been turned into deluxe suites . The reception is part of a Benedictine monastery . Below the hotel are two of the city 's most ancient and stunning frescoed rock churches : Our Lady of Virtues and St. Nicholas of the Greek , a shooting location for Mel Gibson 's "  The Passion of the Christ . " It 's no ordinary location . When I step inside my 80-square-meter suite , made up of three adjacent grottoes , I 'm struck by an unexpected wave of spirituality even as I 'm worshiping the accommodation 's more earthly pleasures . The suite has a private terrace in the deep gorge of the Murgia Park , cut by a dark river and overlooked by holes carved into the mountain on the other side . Inside there are heated stone floors , arches , vaults and a high ceiling . Niches formerly used for votive paintings , sacred statuettes and incense now hold flickering candles and electric spotlights . A round floor brazier , a cloister bench and an old wooden chest laden with a fruit bowl , ceramic cups , plates and silver cutlery are the sole furniture . I feel like a privileged hermit . "  Real luxury is the fulfillment of one 's most intimate and true need , " says Paolucci . ` Primitive spirituality ' "  Paradoxically , only a high-end resort gives the possibility to experience the primitive spirituality of such places . " The other grottoes , including a 160-square-meter deluxe suite for four , feature iron crosses and wooden planks covered with thin mattresses that favor asceticism over comfort . "  To hermit monks these grottoes were places of adoration , " says Angela Galgano of Un Giro nel Sole tour group . According to resort manager Michele Centonze , there are plans to expand in 2015 with another restyled crypt , 14 new cave dwellings , a relaxation area , library , spa and canteen . Until then , guests wanting to restore soul and body have to settle for a massage  with perfumed oils , burning braziers and new age music  inside their grotto . Evening drinks are served inside the cave church beneath walls that are a puzzle of black holes and candlelit niches . I sit on a tree trunk below two impressive naves leading to an altar , sipping a glass of red Aglianico wine in front of a crackling fire . The rectangular tables are former convent doors , there are church benches , an illuminated confessional booth doubling as a walk-in closet and underground cisterns full of coins . It feels like a ritual or ceremony is taking place . For those seeking the true hermit vibe , the crypt can be booked for an exclusive solo meal with a menu featuring Matera gourmet dishes such as Pezzente sausages and huge sun-dried and fried Cusco chili peppers . Back in my room , it 's pitch dark . I search for the matches and light the candles . From the window , Matera looks like a nativity scene . With no television , radio , minibar or magazines , it does feel like I 'm leading a monastic life . ` Nuns ' thighs ' Inspired by my convent-style surroundings , I 'm up at 7:30 a.m. the following day . Crossing the rugged rock floor , I open the door to a thick fog covering the chasm below . It feels like I 'm in a scene from Umberto Eco 's medieval whodunit "  The Name of the Rose . " Breakfast in the cave church is a sensory event soundtracked by a Chopin nocturne playing on a sleek Bang & Olufsen sound system . Simple food is served beneath the altar : tomato pizza , aubergine and potato pie , house-made bread , yogurt , jam , honey and a mozzarella braid surrounded by slices of kiwi and persimmon . There are also plums known as "  nuns ' thighs " due to their unusual shape . Harrison Rubenstein from New York is another early riser . "  This is such a break from daily life . Utterly regenerating , " he tells me . His thoughts are reflected in comments in the guest book that describe Matera as an "  escape from the world , " an "  ancestral experience " offering "  peace and happiness , " or simply "  Nirvana . " Other ` spiritual hotels ' in Italy Eremito Hotelito del Alma Built by former jeans designer Marcello Murzilli , this "  modern ashram " is set in a 3,000-hectare park in Umbria and has only single-cell rooms , all named after saints . Dinner is taken in silence while Gregorian chants play in the background . Perfect for a digital detox . Eremito Hotelito del Alma , Localita Tarina 2 , Parrano , Terni ; +39 076 389 1010 Relais Sant ` Uffizio A former Holy Inquisition tribunal located in Piedmont 's wine-rich Monferrato hills , this is where Dominicans sentenced witches and heretics to death in the 1500s . The spa uses oils and creams made from monks ' herbs and spice recipes . "  Brushing of the Monastery " massage uses sorghum grains to revitalize leg circulation . Relais Sant ` Uffizio , Strada del Sant ` Uffizio 1 , Cioccaro di Penango , Asti ; +39 0141 916 292 La Palazzetta del Vescovo A former summer residence of Todi 's Bishop in the 1700s , this palace , close to Perugia , is surrounded by vineyards and olive groves . It features just nine elegant rooms with old furniture and carpets . La Palazzetta del Vescovo , Via Clausura 17 , Fratta Todina , Perugia ; +39 075 8745183 Hotel Monteconero This impressive 12th-century abbey sits atop the Conero hill in Marche region , a mystical location covered in greenery . The Romanesque church serves as the reception and hall , while the cloister has been turned into suites . The view stretches across the Adriatic Coast 's fishing villages and beaches . Hotel Moteconero , Via Monteconero 26 , Sirolo , Ancona ; + 39 071 933 0592	For centuries , Matera , Italy 's rock crypts and maze of grottoes have been home to "  troglodyte " outcasts living in inhuman conditions Now many of the caves have been converted into upscale "  spiritual hotels " Matera is a UNESCO World Heritage site , and picked as the 2019 European Capital of Culture
Authorities had three previous encounters with Jerad and Amanda Miller this year , including one instance days before the couple went on a shooting rampage in Las Vegas . The couple killed two Las Vegas police officers , Alyn Beck , 41 , and Igor Soldo , 31 , at a pizza restaurant Sunday . Shortly after , they fatally shot shopper Joseph Wilcox , 31 , at a local Walmart . As more details emerge , assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill said authorities had previous contact with the two shooters in February , April and May -- all without incident . The anti-police sentiment the couple expressed when they gunned down two officers was not evident at previous meetings , he said . The first meeting was in February , when detectives investigated Jerad Miller 's threats against the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles , McMahill said . Miller threatened to shoot staff at the agency after his suspended driver 's license was seized during a traffic stop , according to Danielle Dean , a spokeswoman for the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles . Nevada detectives who interviewed Miller about the Indiana incident did not see any signs of potential threats , according to McMahill . A second contact came on April 10 . Las Vegas shooting victim 's friend : ` You never expect it ' At the time , officers interviewed the Millers as witnesses in a domestic violence case , McMahill said . They provided voluntary statements about the alleged assault and did not display any "  anti-police " sentiments , he said . On May 31 , the Millers again provided statements to police officers about an alleged sexual assault of a neighbor . In that case , their meetings were without incident as well . "  Because an individual may online espouse ideology that is anti-government or anti-police does not make them translate into a murderer , " McMahill said . "  What happened to change these two people into murderers , we do n't know . " The killers apparently considered law enforcement as oppressors , authorities said . When they killed the officers over the weekend , they placed a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika on one officer and left a note saying , "  This is the beginning of the revolution , " on the other officer 's body . Who were the victims ? They then ran to a nearby Walmart , where they killed Wilcox before barricading themselves inside the store during a firefight with officers . Sheriff 's deputies fired the bullets that killed Jerad Miller , a sheriff 's department official said Wednesday . His wife shot herself . Authorities had earlier said his wife killed him before taking her own life . But McMahill told reporters Wednesday that a review of forensic evidence and autopsy results showed that police fatally wounded the gunman . "  We do not believe any of her shots hit him , " he said . McMahill said investigators were reviewing graphic video of the rampage . "  The video shows you exactly how vicious and coldblooded these murderers were , " he said . A Walmart security video released by police showed the Millers in their final moments . In the video , they lay wounded in an aisle surrounded by items they used for cover . They are seen holding firearms , which they at times point at each other . At the end of the video , Amanda Miller turned the gun toward herself . She was not shown firing it . Gunman in Las Vegas rampage was killed by police Who were the Millers ? Opinion : Honor my brave friend , a good cop	The couple gunned down three people in Las Vegas on Sunday One encounter with police was just days before the rampage Police also had contact with them in February and April
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized Friday to Turkey for a 2010 raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla , both nations said , signaling a potential major thaw after three years of chilly relations between the two key Middle East nations . The Israeli leader phoned his Turkish counterpart , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , while sitting with U.S. President Barack Obama in a trailer on a Tel Aviv airport tarmac . In the call -- which Turkey 's foreign minister said lasted for nearly 30 minutes -- Netanyahu acknowledged "  operational mistakes " during the raid , which ended with eight Turks and an American of Turkish origin dead . "  Netanyahu  made it clear that the tragic results regarding the Mavi Marmara were unintentional and that Israel expresses regret over injuries and loss of life , " the Israeli government said . Erdogan accepted the apology , which came shortly after he talked with the leaders of Egypt and Qatar . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said later on state TV , according to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency , that all Turkey 's demands had been met . It was n't immediately clear what impact the conversation might have on a region that is already home to numerous crises -- such as the deadly , two-year-long civil war in Syria and tensions over Iran 's nuclear programs . At the least , the movement toward mending a rift between two of Washington 's top allies appeared to be a boon for Obama , who said he 's been appealing to Netanyahu and Erdogan "  for the last two years " for them to fix "  this rupture . " "  There are obviously going to still be some significant disagreements ... but they also have a wide range of shared interests , and they both happen to be extraordinarily strong partners and friends of ours , " Obama said at a press conference with Jordan 's King Abdullah II . "  So it 's in the interest of the United States that they begin this process of getting their relationship back in order . " ` An important step ' While there was little public indication ahead of a time that there would be a breakthrough Thursday , Davutoglu said it actually came after three years of tough negotiations . The talks picked up steam in the past week , spurred by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other officials , the Turkish foreign minister added . On Thursday , Obama said he talked with Netanyahu about his reaching out to Erdogan , "  and both of us agreed that the moment was right . " The U.S. president at one point got on the call between the two Middle East leaders , said two senior administration officials who labeled the call "  an important step " in normalizing Turkish-Israeli ties . "  During my visit , it appeared that the timing was good for that conversation to take place , " Obama said , without elaborating . Turkey and Israel have been two pro-Western political , economic , and military linchpins in the Middle East , and their falling out has hurt initiatives to tackle problems in the region , such as the Syrian civil war and tensions relating to Iran 's nuclear aspirations . A Muslim member of NATO , Turkey long had been Israel 's most significant Muslim friend , and the deterioration of relations between the two nations intensified the Jewish state 's isolation in the region , more unstable in light of the Arab Spring and other ferment in the Middle East . Erdogan 's critical rhetoric toward Israeli policies in Gaza have been hailed by many in the Arab world . It 's not clear when and if such steps as fully normalizing relations and returning ambassadors to their posts will be taken . Earlier Israel had sent out a statement saying those steps had been agreed upon , but it later amended its statement by removing those points . There also was no word on whether the once-close nations would resume the joint military exercises that were suspended after the Mavi Marmara incident . Turkey had been prosecuting four Israeli soldiers in absentia , and Israel initially said the two leaders agreed to the cancellation of legal steps against the troops . Later , however , its amended statement omitted that action as well . Agreeing to work together In Thursday 's conversation , Erdogan told Netanyahu that he thought the deterioration of ties between the countries was regrettable , especially given "  the shared history and centuries old ties of strong friendship and cooperation between the Jewish and Turkish peoples . " According to a statement released by the Turkish government , Erdogan discussed with his Israeli counterpart the "  importance of a just , lasting and comprehensive resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict on the basis of the two-state vision . " The two leaders "  agreed to work together to improve the humanitarian situation in the Palestinian territories , " the Turkish statement said . The Israeli government said in a statement the two sides would "  work to improve the humanitarian situation in the Palestinian territories , " with Netanyahu noting Israel has "  substantially lifted the restrictions " on entry of civilian goods into Gaza . Helping the Palestinian people had long been a concern for Turkey , and was the reason ostensibly that the flotilla set sail for Gaza in the first place . Israel long has voiced concerns about arms smuggling to Gaza militants intent on attacking the Jewish state . Gaza is controlled by Hamas , an anti-Israel group regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel . But activists say Israel 's embargo of goods into Gaza from land and sea punishes civilians in the tiny and densely populated strip of land along the Mediterranean coast . Israel has said any organization or state that wants to give humanitarian aid to Gaza can do so in coordination with Israeli authorities via existing land crossings into the Palestinian territory . All that said , the highlight of the conversation dealt with the 2009 raid . Israel has long stood by the operation , though its tune publicly changed Friday . "  In light of Israel 's investigation into the incident , which pointed out several operational mistakes , Prime Minister Netanyahu expressed Israel 's apology to the Turkish people for any mistakes that might have led to loss of life or injury and agreed to conclude an agreement on compensation/nonliability , " the Israeli government said . Asked to confirm whether Netanyahu called and apologized and offered compensation , as Ankara had long demanded , a senior Turkish official told CNN : "  Yes . " Erdogan only said they "  agreed to conclude an agreement on compensation/nonliability . " One Palestinian-Israeli lawmaker does n't like it Hanin Zoabi , a Palestinian activist who was on the Mavi Marmara and also is a Palestinian member of Israel 's parliament , said she does not accept Netanyahu 's apology . She wants an international court to try the people "  involved in the political decision that gave a green light to kill the political activists on the Marmara . " She said Netanyahu 's push to improve Israeli-Turkish ties is undermining the Palestinians ' demands -- such as ending Israeli occupation of the West Bank and the Israeli military and economic strictures on Gaza . She said Netanyahu is trying to evade that and other issues . "  The issue is not only Marmara , Marmara was the small crime . The big crime was the siege on Gaza , " she told CNN . Gulden Sonme -- a spokeswoman for IHH , the Muslim aid agency that operated the Mavi Marmara == called the apology "  a positive political development . " "  But in terms of the need for the blockade on Gaza to end and in terms of the ongoing case to punish those who are responsible for the crimes committed during the raid , the legal process will continue , " she said , referring to the case against the soldiers . Suat Kiniklioglu , a Turkish political analyst and former parliamentarian from Erdogan 's party , said the apology is important because it shows "  to the world that there is a political price to kill Turkish citizens in international waters . " "  Probably in the Middle East , as well , it will be seen as political victory for the Erdogan government . But what matters more is the normalization itself , the obvious benefits to Turkey and Israel as well as the Palestinians . " The prospect of an Israeli-Turkish reconciliation is bad news , Kiniklioglu said , for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Iran . "  As Syria is entering into its third year of uprising , Ankara and Tel-Aviv will have to coordinate policy and may need to work together to contain potential risks to both countries , " he said . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Greg Botelho , Kareem Khadder and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report	NEW : The breakthrough follows 3 years of tough negotiations , a Turkish official says NEW : Turkey 's leader talked with Egyptian , Qatari counterparts before Netanyahu , he adds Israel cites "  mistakes " in a 2010 raid on a Gaza-bound ship that killed 9 , vows "  compensation " Obama says he and Israel 's Netanyahu "  agreed the moment was right " to call Turkey
London  CNN  -- CNN International is today refreshing the design of the home page to bring greater clarity and impact . The new look for the international edition of CNN.com aims to reinforce the CNN network as your source for breaking news , with rapid analysis from correspondents around the world . This update to the home page is the first in a series to emphasize the top stories and add more commentary and video to explain "  what 's next . " You 'll see a number of improvements to the navigation to make the day 's top stories easier to identify . Video from the CNN network will be more prominent . Recommendations from home page editors in Hong Kong , London and Atlanta will be clearer in the editor 's choice , and in collections like "  5 stories not to miss . " The voices of CNN correspondents around the world will be prominent . From a design point of view , some of the changes reflect trends emerging from our successful iPhone and iPad applications , with judicious use of fonts to add legibility and differentiation between breaking news , features and analysis . Design aficionados may wish to know the fonts are Helvetica for breaking and hard news , Georgia for analysis and features , and Arial for text . As always , we welcome feedback to feedback.international@cnn.com	Update puts emphasis on the top stories , and adds more commentary and video Recommendations of editors in Hong Kong , London and Atlanta will be more obvious The voices of CNN correspondents around the world will be prominent Judicious use of fonts allows differentiation between breaking news , features and analysis
CNN  -- A decade-long civil war wrecked Sierra Leone 's economy , but now a juice business could provide a blueprint of how to add value to the country 's exports . Although the civil war in Sierra Leone ended nine years ago , it is only now that the country 's first significant value-added export has emerged . Africa Felix Juice produces juice concentrate from mango and pineapple farmed throughout Sierra Leone and exports it internationally . The company is working from a special economic zone , in the form of a 54-acre low-tax industrial park , built just outside of the capital Freetown . It is designed to attract foreign interest and although similar zones exist in other parts of Africa , this project is a first for Sierra Leone . The zone was set up by First Step -- a commercial subsidiary of the American NGO World Hope International . First Step discovered that many farmers in Sierra Leone struggle to turn their fresh produce into money and that a lot of fruit ends up unsold or left rotting on the ground . Sierra Leone 's Deputy Minister of Information Sheka Tarawalie admits : "  We have fruits like mangos , pineapples all over the country , but they are being wasted , and there is not much value added to these resources . " First Step 's industrial park is intended to house factories that can process Sierra Leone 's natural resources , rather than simply exporting them . Richard Schroeder , First Step 's CEO , sees the industrial park as a logical solution to help develop new business in the country . He says : "  We 're just making it possible for businesses to easily establish and employ people to start processing resources locally instead of what always happens in Africa , which is , it 's seen as a source of natural resources . "  Natural resources are dug up , brought some place else , cut down or taken out of the water , and processed and sent back to Africa or other places in the world , when the real value addition is , where jobs are created , where income is created -- where an economy can really find its engine . " There are stringent selection criteria for potential tenants to obtain a plot in the industrial park . "  There has to be a commitment to not only the financial bottom line , " says Schroeder . "  We 're looking for tenants that also are passionate and care about their impact in terms of social impact and environmental impact . " Africa Felix Juice is now the first tenant and enjoys a three-year tax holiday , along with security , electricity and water supplies . Majority-owned by First Step , Africa Felix was founded by Claudio Scotto . Its mission is , "  to become a pioneer and leader in the Fairtrade tropical fruit juice concentrate market in the EU . " It pays farmers about $ 250 to $ 300 for each tree harvest -- a substantial jump from the $ 15 they would get at the local market . Africa Felix Juice eventually plans to directly employ close to 100 Sierra Leoneans and provide a market for nearly 1,000 small farmers throughout the country . "  We 're targeting the fair-trade niche of the business , obviously , because Sierra Leone has a difficult past , " says Claudio . "  A fruit juice coming from Sierra Leone , we think , will have a very good impact into European consumers that can now choose something tangible coming from a place that they were thinking is only war , famine and death , " he added . Although special economic zones have been successful in Asia , some analysts have voiced concern that they wo n't work in countries without a well-developed labor force or infrastructure . But with Africa Felix Juice up and running , and farmers receiving increased profits , the success of the project has not gone unnoticed . "  First Step is doing something that is historic , is unheard of in contemporary history in our country , " says Tarawalie . "  And they 're changing the lives of people in the sense that they can see development taking place in our own lifetime . " He says he hopes Africa Felix Juice and the special economic zone will act as a catalyst for potential investors , demonstrating that , "  we have created an enabling environment for companies to come in and do their business without hindrance . "	Special economic zone is a first for Sierra Leone It is intended to house factories that can process Sierra Leone 's natural resources Africa Felix Juice is the first tenant and enjoys a three-year tax holiday
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- At least 39 civilians were killed in Somalia 's capital Monday after a convoy of African Union peacekeepers was hit by a roadside bomb , causing the troops to open fire , officials and eyewitnesses said . Islamist militia display weapons Monday in defiance of newly elected President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . Maj. Ba-Huko Barigye , spokesman to the African Union Mission to Somalia  AMISON  , said an explosion targeted a contingent of Ugandan troops . At least one soldier was injured and one of the vehicles damaged , Barigye said . Ahmed Dirie Ali , spokesman of Hawiye Traditional Elders -- a major group of local clan leaders -- condemned the civilian deaths . And Mogadishu 's deputy mayor , Abdifatah Ibrahim Shaweye , accused AMISOM of killing innocent civilians deliberately during a "  brutal attack , " an allegation Barigye denied . "  The deputy mayor has got the wrong information , " he said . "  They are targeting AMISOM , but the people who have died are all Somali civilians , who have nothing , whatsoever to do with AMISOM . " Officials say the incident happened on Maka al-Mukarama road , which connects the presidential palace and the airport in southern Mogadishu . The incident occurred on the same day that the new Somali president , Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed , was attending an African Union summit in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in 2006 , to depose an Islamic government led by Ahmed that had taken control of Mogadishu . But at the summit , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged continued support for national reconciliation efforts in Somalia , which has been without an effective central government since 1991 . "  It is important that these efforts should have a tangible effect in improving the security environment for the Somali people and humanitarian actors , " Ban said in a statement released by his office . "  The United Nations will provide strong logistical support to the African Union 's AMISOM force and help develop Somali security forces . " He also encouraged AU leaders to consider a plan that will incorporate AMISOM into a larger U.N. peacekeeping force in the months ahead . AMISOM was set up to take over from Ethiopian forces , which were supposed to be withdrawn soon after the December 2006 invasion that deposed the Islamic Courts Union , which Ahmed once led . But the Ethiopians and the country 's U.N.-backed transitional government were soon battling Islamist guerrillas , including the militia al-Shabaab -- which the United States has designated as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda . The transitional government eventually signed a peace agreement with a new movement led by Ahmed , the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . But al-Shabaab has rejected the deal and continued fighting . The militia overran the town of Baidoa , the seat of the transitional government , within hours of the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops last week . Ahmed was elected president Saturday by lawmakers in Djibouti , and many Somalis view him as a final hope to challenge the militia and its extremist ideology . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Ahmednor Mohamed Farah for CNN contributed to this report .	Roadside bomb strikes African Union peacekeepers , AU mission says Officials : Civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace , airport Mogadishu deputy mayor , AU spokesman disagree over cause of civilian deaths
CNN  -- After nearly five years as Homeland Security Secretary , former Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano surprised the nation and many of her friends with last week 's announcement that she was being nominated for appointment as the 20th president of the University of California . But no one who knows her  I have , personally and professionally for more than 30 years  is at all surprised at why the UC system wants her , or why she emerged as the nontraditional but consensus choice for the job among a pool of talented and qualified candidates . Napolitano will leave her Cabinet post as one of the most respected , trusted and personally admired figures of Barack Obama 's presidency . Her new job will be another first in Napolitano 's career : She was the first woman valedictorian at the University of Santa Clara ; the first woman to be elected governor of Arizona by popular vote ; first woman to head the mammoth , sprawling and unwieldy Department of Homeland Security . And now the first woman president of the nation 's largest public university system . Her positions have involved widely different subject portfolios , but there are common threads which reveal and reinforce her strengths . Napolitano knows how to herd cats . As governor and as DHS secretary , she presided over many disparate organizational fiefdoms . Her great success in both jobs was to know how to play to their strengths to achieve common goals . In Arizona a $ 1 billion deficit became surplus , without a tax increase . At Homeland Security , she helped transform 22 agencies from across the federal government into what most now view as a single integrated Cabinet Department . In the process , she has overseen the maturation of that department 's "  one-size-fits-all " security approach to one that matches the strategy to the threat : intelligence-driven and risk-based . FEMA -- the Federal Emergency Management Agency -- was a late-night talk show joke before she took office . Remember Hurricane Katrina and "  heckuva good job , Brownie " ? Napolitano worked together with a top-notch professional , FEMA Director Craig Fugate , to lead the federal response to historic natural disasters ranging from Hurricanes Sandy , Isaac and Irene to record flooding in the Midwest and major forest fires in the West . In the process , FEMA turned from a talk-show joke into a top-performing disaster response agency . Napolitano is not a limelight-seeker . She 's a results-obsessed lawyer and public servant who sets priorities . At the Arizona border discussing immigration , on Gulf Coast beaches taking stock of daily progress in dealing with the BP Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill , visiting tornado-devastated communities in the Midwest and hurricane-ravaged New Jersey beach towns , she walked beside those who were directly affected and ceded the key camera shots to them . She assumed responsibility and when she did take center stage it was as a public figure unafraid to deal with hostility and criticism -- as she did as the administration 's sole witness during the recent Senate Judiciary Committee hearings on the immigration reform bill . She brought years of front-line experience to the immigration debate and was a central figure in the ongoing discussions of reform . Her approach was not to throw the baby out with the bathwater . It was to focus on getting rid of criminals and threats to national security , while understanding that immigrants -- like her own Italian family -- have contributed much to this nation 's prosperity and security . She has been was willing and ready to roll up her sleeves and work with all sides to construct an approach on immigration that works -- one that addresses both national security needs and immigrant potential . She applied her experience and expertise in many ways and behind the scenes , including in the final days of Senate debate on the "  Gang of Eight " initiative , to remove roadblocks and move the process forward . Janet Napolitano is also one of the warmest and most caring individuals I know . Few are aware of the time she has devoted to help staff , family and friends in need . One example among many : A longtime mutual friend who served as director of constituent services in her Arizona office was unexpectedly stricken with illness . The woman lingered in ill health for many weeks before her untimely passing . Away from public and press attention , Napolitano went daily to her bedside , de facto family for an employee and friend who had lost most of hers long ago . In announcing the death , Napolitano paid tribute not only to the professional accomplishments but to the person with whom she had connected and befriended . " -LSB- She -RSB- played a critical role in the Governor 's Office , " Napolitano wrote . "  What people may not know is that she was also an author , a hospice volunteer and a woman of deep faith . We 're only beginning to grasp how much we will miss her . " Napolitano has done exemplary work at the Department of Homeland Security , most of it away from the spotlight . She played a critical role in helping this administration succeed in areas where previous administrations had not . What people may not know is that she is a fan of football and opera and a friend who has your back . The students , faculty , administrators and regents who make up the University of California system are about to find all this out . I suspect that as the administration looks to replace her , it will begin to grasp how much it will miss her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Wilson .	Doug Wilson : People who know Janet Napolitano not surprised she 's to head UC system It 's another "  first woman " nod for her . She was first UC Santa Clara valedictorian , first AZ governor He says as governor , DHS chief brought organizational fiefdoms to common cause Wilson : She expertly handled emergency response , reviving FEMA reputation ; is humane
CNN  -- While Real Madrid signed Gareth Bale in the summer 's highest-profile football transfer and added several other big names , Manchester United fans were left largely underwhelmed by the Premier League champion 's moves in the off-season . They might be even more disappointed after learning how much United made in its last fiscal year -- and therefore had to spend . The record 20-time league winner in England -- self described as "  one of the most popular and successful sports teams in the world " -- announced record revenues of $ 580 million for the year ended June 30 , 2013 and said commercial revenues soared to a record $ 244 million . It left executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward , who replaced David Gill in the United hierarchy , to declare on United 's website : "  It has been a little over a year since our IPO  initial public offering  and in that time we have delivered on our targets and objectives . "  Our commercial business continues to be a very powerful engine of growth enabling the team to continue to be successful . " But United , in its first season without legendary manager Alex Ferguson , was largely quiet under new boss David Moyes and Woodward as it defends its Premier League title , signing just Marouane Fellaini and relatively unknown Uruguayan Guillermo Varela . United was linked with Cristiano Ronaldo , Cesc Fabregas , Ander Herrera and Leighton Baines -- who all stayed put with their current clubs . "  It 's been pretty disappointing , " said Andy Green , a United supporter who tweets about football finances . "  I do n't think it 's Moyes ' fault . He gives his targets to the club . I do n't think he should be held accountable at all . " Meanwhile , city rival Manchester City bought four key players prior to August , Chelsea swooped for the likes of Samuel Eto'o and Willian and Arsenal smashed its transfer record by purchasing Mesut Ozil from Real Madrid for more than $ 65 million . Tottenham splashed out on more than half-a-dozen stars , attempting to make up for the loss of Bale . "  United 's commercial acumen is n't of value because it does n't lead to a bigger stadium , lower ticket prices or better players , " said Green . "  You have all these commercial deals but it 's no benefit to the football club . " United has made a lukewarm start to the league season , winning two of its four games , although it began its Champions League campaign with a win Tuesday against Bayer Leverkusen . United is "  delighted to have David Moyes lead our football team into a new and exciting chapter , " Woodward said . "  We look forward to a successful 2013/14 , both on and off the pitch . "	Manchester United announces a club record annual revenue of $ 580 million The English Premier League champion also says sponsorship revenue increased 44 percent But most United fans are disappointed the team did n't buy more players in the summer United was linked with Cristiano Ronaldo , Cesc Fabregas and Ander Herrera
CNN  -- In a messy drug bust this week , investigators uncovered more than 700 pounds of marijuana stuffed in a septic tank truck full of human waste , Arizona police said Friday . And the search of the truck was as awful as it sounds . "  Yeah , that really does suck , " Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Bart Graves told CNN . "  It 's a long way to go to make a bust . " Hidden in the holding tank of the truck were 743 pounds of pot , worth about $ 409,000 on the street , police said in a news release . An officer pulled over the septic tank truck Wednesday after a check of the license showed it was invalid , police said . The truck was headed northbound on I-19 and stopped about 35 miles south of Tucson , Arizona . Police patrolling the area tend to be more vigilant , Graves said , because the interstate -- which leads directly to Mexico -- is a major thoroughfare for drug and human trafficking . After the stop , the officer discovered that the commercial vehicle markings on the truck were also invalid . A subsequent search revealed the bales of marijuana in red and orange packages amid the waste . "  It just shows how desperate these drug cartels are , " Graves said . "  They 'll go to any lengths to conceal their product . We 've seen it concealed -LSB- among -RSB- watermelons , bell peppers . This is the first time we 've seen it concealed in human waste . " Police arrested the driver , Leonard Salcido , 24 , of Tucson , and charged him with possession of marijuana , possession of marijuana for sale and transportation of marijuana , police said . The bust was not the largest for Arizona police . In 2008 , police found more than 2,000 pounds of marijuana in a fake UPS truck , Graves said . Wednesday 's smelly pot was just one major bust this week . On Thursday , police confiscated $ 681,000 worth of methamphetamine concealed in the false floor of a vehicle . The driver was stopped for speeding on I-17 near Camp Verde , Arizona , police said . The officer asked to search the vehicle and found 15 pounds of meth , police said .	Police stopped truck on interstate , about 35 miles south of Tucson , Arizona That much pot would be worth more than $ 400,000 on the street , police say I-19 , which runs directly into Mexico , is a major thoroughfare for drug and human trafficking Drug cartels will "  go to any length to conceal their product , " police spokesman says
CNN  -- Most of us wake up from nightmares relieved that we 're safe in bed . But a small fraction uncontrollably act out their dreams as they unfold , endangering themselves or others . The recent movie "  Sleepwalk With Me , " about a struggling stand-up comedian and his issues with sleep , brings to light a rare condition called REM behavior disorder . This film is not a documentary , but lead actor and director Mike Birbiglia has said that many events , including the dangerous behaviors while asleep , are based on his real life . Matt Pandamiglio , Birbiglia 's character , drives hundreds of miles to any comedy gig he can possibly get to , away from the girlfriend he is n't sure he wants to marry . In the midst of all this , Pandamiglio experiences dramatic episodes of acting out his dreams . For instance , while staying at a hotel alone , he jumps through the window of his room because , in his dream , he 's being pursued by a missile targeting him . Although the film is called "  Sleepwalk With Me , " Pandamiglio is n't sleepwalking per se -- he 's kicking , running , climbing on top of things and falling off them . After repeatedly delaying a doctor 's visit , he finally gets the diagnosis of REM behavior disorder , which affects less than 1 % of the population , according to the American Sleep Association . Unusual patterns of behavior that people exhibit while sleeping are called parasomnias . Most of them are most likely to happen when a person is sleep-deprived and under stress , said Philip Gehrman , assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania . Sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder are two examples of parasomnias . Sleepwalking happens during non-REM sleep ; it usually involves walking around and perhaps mumbling . Comedian Birbiglia on truth and fiction in ` Sleepwalk With Me ' REM is a stage of deep sleep during which certain parts of the body are normally paralyzed temporarily . "  The brain sends out the signals to move , but at the level of the spinal cord , the motor neurons are inhibited , " said Dr. William C. Dement , a pioneer in the field of sleep research and professor at Stanford University School of Medicine . But that inhibition fails in REM behavior disorder , allowing the person to move in the way that he or she is envisioning in a dream . "  It can be very dangerous , " Dement said . REM behavior disorder and sleepwalking are defined as separate disorders , but in reality there may be some overlap , Dement said . Dement and Dr. Rafael Pelayo , associate professor at Stanford medical school , said they have never seen patients who jumped out of windows , but some have punched windows . Dement appears as himself in "  Sleepwalk With Me , " sitting in the passenger seat beside the struggling comedian while he 's dreaming/listening to Dement 's audio book in the car .  It 's a little reminiscent of Cornel West 's cameo in "  The Matrix Reloaded , " another widely known academic in surreal circumstances . "  In the simplistic way of thinking , the brain is either awake , sleeping or dreaming , " Pelayo said . "  But we know that the brain is complicated enough that one part can be awake while another part can be sleeping at the same time . " In sleepwalking , the rational part of the brain is offline , while the emotional part is activated , he said . Most people with REM behavior disorder are men , and they tend to be older , Pelayo said . The disorder can mark the start of Parkinson 's disease . It 's unusual for someone as young as Birbiglia , 34 , to exhibit REM behavior disorder , Pelayo said . But it 's possible that he has a combination of sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder , he said . The film portrayed Birbiglia 's character exhibiting several risk factors : drinking alcohol , staying up late , sleeping in different environments and being under stress . Sleepwalking by itself is more common , especially among children . Research suggests that as many as 30 % of children have experienced sleepwalking . Most people stop once they hit puberty , Gehrman said . Sleepwalking has occurred among nearly one in three Americans at some point in their lives , a study in Neurology found in May . As for whether someone should awaken people who are in one of these altered sleep states , it 's more dangerous for others than for the sleepers , experts say . The sleepers ' brains will not be impaired by waking up , but they may react violently . Sleepwalking among adults is not necessarily a problem . For mild cases , education about the phenomenon and reassurance are enough , Gehrman said . But if the person goes outside and gets into dangerous situations , he or she may need to sleep more and undergo stress management interventions . If that does n't work , especially among people who have been sleepwalking for their whole lives , medications may be necessary . The drug that sleepwalkers tend to start with is the anti-anxiety medication clonazepam , Gehrman said . It 's not clear why it works , but it may help people relax and sleep more deeply . Clonazepam is also prescribed for REM behavior disorder , although it is sometimes not appropriate in older patients because it may aggravate sleep apnea , Pelayo said . There 's evidence that the hormone melatonin can be effective . Some people do n't respond to any medications for sleepwalking , Gehrman said . It may help to put a bell on the door so that if they try to leave the bedroom , they will wake up -- or at least their bed partner will , he said . In extreme cases , people need restraints so that they ca n't get out of bed during the night , Gehrman said -- something that attaches them to the bed in such a way that only someone who is awake could undo it . Birbiglia has said in interviews that , as with his alter ego in the film , he takes medication and sleeps in a sleeping bag , and he used to wear mittens so that he could n't open the bag . Gehrman has n't had any patients who have tried the bag-and-mittens method but noted , "  You have to be creative sometimes . " Experts say there is n't a lot of research going on into sleepwalking or REM behavior disorder treatments since the available resources are sufficient in most people . The next step in REM behavior disorder is exploring the connection to Parkinson 's disease , Pelayo said . It may be possible to identify patients for whom the sleep disorder is a risk factor for Parkinson 's and treat them before the disease gets worse . Have you ever had an episode of sleepwalking or other sleep disorder ? Tell us about it in the comments .	Sleepwalking has occurred among nearly one in three Americans , study says REM behavior disorder affects less than 1 % of the population , group says Stress and lack of sleep can aggravate sleep disorders Medications are available for more serious cases
Beijing  CNN  -- The East is Red restaurant is unlikely to end up in many international guidebooks as a must-visit destination in Beijing . Sitting on the outskirts of the Chinese capital city , the eatery chose its moniker after the famous Maoist song of the same name and is themed around China 's Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , an era which many would rather forget . And yet on any given night of the week , the restaurant gathers a large and boisterous crowd . Waiters race around dressed as red guards , the student army force of the time . Revolutionary posters decorate the walls and red flags deck the tables . The central draw is a stage , where entertainers sing "  red " revolutionary songs and perform mock struggle sessions . People in the audience cheer and sing along ; some even cry . The East is Red is just one of many venues in Beijing that gives the Cultural Revolution a makeover , repackaging what was once a tragedy into a gimmick . Some have been kicking around since the late 1990s , while others are more recent additions . "  It was really exciting , " commented 26-year-old Yin Hang of his recent trip to one . "  Everything was new to me . I knew a bit about that part of history from my parents but I do n't feel a connection to it . " It seems strange to use this period of Chinese history as entertainment . After all , the Cultural Revolution , which was Mao Zedong 's political campaign aimed at rekindling revolutionary zeal , saw violence spread throughout the country . By its end an estimated 36 million had been persecuted , with at least 750,000 of those killed in the countryside alone . Countless historical relics were destroyed , and universities closed , depriving many young people of years of education . Though the Cultural Revolution has been largely erased from official discourse on the People 's Republic , its horrors relegated to an appendage in history books . Those who did not live through the Cultural Revolution know it was a difficult time , but few grasp the extent . This historical amnesia might explain why some young Chinese in particular can enjoy the venues . "  China 's historical memory is very barren , so even recent events can fall through a gap , " said James Palmer , a longtime China watcher who visited one of these venues as part of field research for a book he wrote on the death of Mao , whose passing away marked the end of the Cultural Revolution . "  If you detach it from the political context it is just fun , like a Tudor-themed bar in England , " Palmer added . But Palmer also sees more to the trend . Although people are critical of the Cultural Revolution , the era is n't only remembered for its destruction . Memories are mixed . "  While a lot saw the time as horrific , enough people had a good experience and associate the period with a sense of freedom and youth , " Palmer said . This is especially the case for those who came of age during the era , such as Zhang Mei . Zhang was born in 1957 and has lived in Beijing her whole life . During the Cultural Revolution she enjoyed traveling around the country for free , and divided her time between school and youth parades . For her , these venues provide an avenue for nostalgia . "  When I went to the restaurant they called me ` comrade ' , the common greeting of the time . It felt intimate , " Zhang said , adding that the singing made her happy because the ballads belong to her generation . However , not all look at the Cultural Revolution through red tinted spectacles . Sasha Gong , who co-wrote The Cultural Revolution Cookbook  2011  , is one of them . For Gong , the book was written not to capitalize on the trend to consume positive aspects of the Cultural Revolution , but rather to educate the masses about all aspects , good and bad . "  Even though the Cultural Revolution is very recent history , people do n't know much about it . This is especially the case in the West , where they can romanticize it , " Gong said . Gong was part of the sent-down youth movement at the time , which saw thousands of children taken away from their parents and sent to work in the countryside . Writing the book was "  a cathartic experience -- a way to go back to a recent , difficult period , " she said . "  The Cultural Revolution was terrible , one of the worst human experiences anyone can have . " Gong admits the irony of writing a cookbook about a period that had little food . But even though it was a time of austerity , her generation learned how to cherish food and create delicious , healthy dishes . In this respect Gong shares something in common with another group of people who visit these venues in Beijing . They are those who hark back to a time , real or imagined , that they deem better than contemporary China . Cultural Revolution food might be tainted by unpleasant memories , but at least it was not tainted by pesticides . And for some , especially the post-Mao generation , they feel ambivalence not just towards current food , but also current politics . "  The Cultural Revolution is essentially a religious experience , an ideological break from the China of now . They associate the government today with materialism and believe the government stance that the Cultural Revolution was bad is just propaganda , " said Palmer of this group , who are labeled neo-Maoists . Among the most notorious of Beijing 's neo-Maoists is Fan Jinggang , who was born in 1976 and currently manages the Utopia bookstore , a shop that specializes in books praising the late Chinese leader and his policies , and criticizing reform era capitalism . Earlier this year , Fan got into trouble due to his support of Bo Xilai 's revival of "  red culture " in Chongqing . Bo 's policies involved the employment of nostalgic Maoist propaganda and a harsh crackdown on businessmen accused of corruption . They gained him notoriety , as well as enemies , who attacked them as throwbacks to the Cultural Revolution . In the days immediately following Bo 's removal from his post as head of Chongqing and Party Secretary on March 15 , Fan was paid an unfriendly visit by the authorities . The popular website attached to his bookstore has since been suspended . CNN was unable to reach Fan to ask his thoughts on the Cultural Revolution , but in an interview with Chinese site Danwei back in April , Fan is quoted as saying , " ... some traitors in the Party betrayed communism and created all sorts of rumors to attack Chairman Mao . " Despite these recent events , the atmosphere at Utopia remains upbeat , as does the atmosphere at other venues that market the Cultural Revolution in Beijing . Perhaps they simplify and trivialize the era . However , they still bring people closer to an otherwise rarely mentioned period of recent Chinese history , and in so doing , shed light on China today .	Some venues in Beijing celebrate the Cultural Revolution Cultural Revolution has been largely erased from official discourse on China Some decry the Cultural Revolution , while others are nostalgic about it
CNN  -- The intrusive voices popped into William "  Bill " Garrett 's head . "  They 're coming for you , " the voices told the 18-year-old . "  Find somewhere to hide ; they 're going to get you . " In the left shows William "  Bill " Garrett in high school , and the right is a 2007 photo of the Maryland teenager . They told the Johns Hopkins University freshman that his father had poisoned the family dog , his sister had injected crystal methamphetamine into his pet lizard and his grandmother had put human body parts into his food . As schizophrenia took hold , the Maryland teenager became lost within his own mind and had to leave college after winning a full , four-year scholarship . Garrett 's experience echoes the teenage years of Nathaniel Ayers , a promising string bass player whose musical training at the Juilliard School was cut short by schizophrenia , a brain disorder that blurs a person 's ability to distinguish between reality and delusions . Ayers became homeless and played Beethoven pieces on a broken violin in the streets of Los Angeles , California . His struggles with schizophrenia and his friendship with a Los Angeles Times columnist inspired the movie "  The Soloist , " which releases Friday . His sister , Jennifer Ayers-Moore , hopes the movie will raise awareness about schizophrenia and has established the Nathaniel Anthony Ayers Foundation for the artistically gifted mentally ill . "  I know there are thousands of Nathaniels , and they deserve a chance , too , " said Ayers-Moore , an Atlanta-based social worker . Teen interrupted Schizophrenia is the result of disrupted brain development . Males typically get symptoms during their teens or early 20s , as Ayers and Garrett did . "  It 's a critical time for the brain , " said Dr. Jon McClellan , the medical director of the Child Study and Treatment Center at Seattle Children 's Hospital . "  It 's the CEO part of the brain that pays attention , makes decisions and filters . The prefrontal cortex , that 's the last area of the brain to develop . As that area comes online , that 's when the illness presents . " In high school , Garrett won elected offices in student government and headed the lacrosse and cross country teams . A gifted student , he wanted to study political science and biology at Hopkins . At home , he cooked family dinners , helped his little sister with homework , and surprised his mother with pancakes on her birthday . "  People likened him to the perfect child before he got sick , " said his mother , Kristan Kanyuch . In 2007 , the unusual behaviors started . He slept a lot . He emptied an entire can of bug spray in his bedroom . When he came home for a weekend from college , he pointed to a blister on his hand that had formed from playing lacrosse . "  Look , I have gangrene , " he said . "  My hand is going to rot . " Then he tried to cut off his hand with a paring knife . His family stopped him and took him to an emergency room for a psych evaluation , but Garrett refused to wait and left . A week later , Kanyuch got a call from the university . Her son was failing every class . When confronted , Garrett looked at the F 's and calmly replied , "  I 'm not failing anything . " In the 1970s , Ayers-Moore saw the symptoms when her family picked her brother up from Juilliard to head home to Cleveland , Ohio , for summer . "  The look in his eye was so different , " she said . "  It was like you could see into his soul , he could look into yours . It sort of startled me a little bit . I did n't know what to say to him . On the way from New York , I pretended I was asleep . I did n't know what to say . " Paranoid schizophrenia About three decades later , Nickole Kanyuch , 15 , watched a similar scenario unfold as her brother , Garrett , struggled with paranoid schizophrenia and obsessive compulsive disorder . "  I watched the big brother who I had looked up to all my life fall apart and become someone entirely new , " she said . "  The boy who was destined for greatness , who worked long and hard for 12 years to lead a successful life , was destroyed in a mere six months . " Garrett , who had once organized his 600 books by the Dewey Decimal system , could hardly read two sentences . The voices in his head drowned out the words on the page , he told his mother . Garrett , who color coordinated the clothes inside his closet , could no longer groom himself or shower . The voices told him the shampoo and soap were poisoned . Kristan Kanyuch quit her financial planning job to take care of him . Despite taking medicine , Garrett 's health fluctuated . One day he was fine ; the next , he threatened to kill the neighbors . Frustrated and facing mounting debt , Kanyuch sought help . She joined a mental health support group . At one session , she was told to follow simple instructions from a counselor . Meanwhile , 10 people who stood around her talked at once . While the chorus of voices drowned out the instructions , she realized this was how her son lived every day . That night , Kanyuch hugged her son . "  You have to be the most courageous person . You wake up every day , " she told him . "  That 's when he explained to me the reason he sleeps , " Kanyuch said . "  He does n't hear the voices . He does n't hear them telling him he 's fat , stupid , there 's a conspiracy . It 's a break for him to sleep . " Although no one knows where these voices originated , they could be triggered by wiring problems in the brain , said McClellan , who researches adolescent psychiatry . One theory is schizophrenia causes difficulty distinguishing thoughts from their outside experiences , "  so they experience internal thoughts and perceptions as voices , " he said . Recovery Garrett has been a subject in two research programs searching for better schizophrenia treatments . His condition fluctuated , and , for months , he was on suicide watch . Schizophrenia is a difficult disorder to treat , because one medication that soothes one patient can make another psychotic . "  Medication or dosages ca n't be matched absolutely with the individual , so there is some of that trial and error , " said Dr. Thomas Bornemann , director of the Carter Center 's Mental Health Program . Garrett tried many drugs . Some made him drowsy , others volatile and one drug made him gain 75 pounds . Severe side effects often cause patients to stop taking medication . For now , doctors seem to have found one that helps Garrett . Since March , Garrett has been at a Maryland research center that looks into the relationship between metabolism , tobacco and schizophrenia . After a violent visit in August , Garrett , 21 , had not been home until Easter . During the recent visit , he played basketball , Yahtzee and Wii bowling with his family . "  He was able to carry on a conversation and play card games , " Kanyuch said . "  He was interacting . " At home , surrounded by reminders all his past achievements , Garrett said : "  Mom , I was on the top of the world . Now I 'm in the gutter . " His mother disagreed : "  Look at it as an opportunity . " "  What ? " he said . "  It 's not an opportunity everyone would jump at , " she told Garrett . "  But as you rehabilitate , as you grow an insight into your illness , there may be things you deal with forever . But you 've had significant experiences that you may be able to use to help other people . There 's no place where insight and advocacy -LSB- for mental health -RSB- is needed more than in politics , which is what you wanted to do . " A life with schizophrenia wo n't be easy , but some with the disorder have graduated from college , earned doctorates and lead enriched lives , she told Garrett . "  He does n't understand the courage he has . "	Schizophrenia disrupts Maryland teenager 's life , forces him to leave college Teen 's story echoes experience of Nathaniel Ayers , subject of film , "  The Soloist " Family struggles to learn how to best help teenager deal with mental illness
CNN  Al Qaeda has fired a verbal salvo in a multifaction battle over Yemen , saying it 's offering 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia Muslim opponents , including the leader of the rebels who overtook Yemen 's capital . Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , in a news release and wanted poster distributed online , offers the reward for the death or capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh . Converted to currency , the gold reward would be worth about $ 774,000 . AQAP referred to Al-Houthi and Saleh as the "  two heads of evil . " AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen . With Sunni Islamic roots , AQAP is a bitter enemy of the Houthi faction , which is Shia and widely believed to be supported by Iran . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January . The Houthis , allied with fighters loyal to Saleh , have since faced resistance from not only AQAP , but also a number of groups including forces loyal to Hadi . Also opposing the Houthis are Saudi Arabia and other predominantly Sunni nations , which last month began airstrikes against the rebels . At least 540 people -- including 311 civilians -- have died as a result of the fighting , the United Nations said Wednesday . A U.N. expert on refugees said other nations should prepare for "  massive displacement " of Yemenis seeking safety . "  The international community must prepare for a worst case scenario , " Chaloka Beyani , a professor of International Law at the London School of Economics , said . "  While efforts to reach a diplomatic solution are essential , the picture on the ground is extremely bleak and humanitarian responses must be stepped up as a matter of urgency . " About 1,000 people have already fled their homes during the two weeks of conflict .	The value of the bounty in American dollars is about $ 774,000 Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula wants a Houthi leader and a former Yemeni president killed or captured
NATO 's military chief warned Wednesday that Russian troops could begin moving on Ukraine within 12 hours of being given an order , amid fears that Moscow could seek to invade its eastern region . Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander Europe , also told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that with 40,000 troops massed near the border , Russia has all the components necessary to move on Ukraine . These forces are "  supported by fixed-wing aircraft , rotary aircraft , all of the logistics required in order to successfully make an incursion if they needed , " he said . In terms of deterrence , Breedlove said NATO has a good air and sea plan and is working in the next several days on developing a land component to that reassurance . Ukraine is not a NATO member , but many countries that are members -- such Poland and the Baltic states -- have voiced their increasing anxiety about Russia 's recent actions . NATO said on Tuesday that it would suspend "  all practical civilian and military cooperation " with Russia in response to its annexation of Ukraine 's southern Crimea region , which has triggered the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War . It also said it had seen no sign that Moscow is withdrawing some of its troops from the eastern Ukrainian border , as Russia has claimed . NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen , speaking in Brussels at the end of a two-day meeting of foreign ministers from the 28-member NATO bloc , said he shared Breedlove 's concerns . He accused Russia of trying to intimidate Ukraine as part of an attempt to "  reestablish a Russian sphere of influence covering the former Soviet space . " Rasmussen again said Russia had a "  massive military buildup along Ukraine 's borders , " with troops in a high state of readiness , and that NATO had not seen signs of any significant reduction in that buildup . "  This is really a matter of grave concern . If Russia were to intervene further in Ukraine , I would n't hesitate to call it a historic mistake , " he said . "  That would lead to further ... international isolation of Russia . It would have far-reaching consequences for relations between Russia and what we as a whole might call the Western world . It would be a miscalculation with huge strategic implications . " Urging Moscow to pull back its troops from the border , Rasmussen stressed that NATO wants to find a political and diplomatic solution to the crisis in Ukraine . In an earlier media interview Wednesday , Breedlove said that Russia could "  roll across the country in three to five days if it wanted to , " a NATO military official said . Russia dismisses ` Cold War ' sparring As the diplomatic back-and-forth continued Wednesday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov spoke with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry by phone . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Lavrov stressed the need for joint efforts to launch "  internal dialogue in Ukraine " to reach national unity and raised concern about the decisions reached by NATO , "  which do n't help the implementation of these tasks . " A senior State Department official said Kerry "  conveyed the strong support he was hearing for the people of Ukraine and the legitimate government of Ukraine " from counterparts at the NATO meeting . He also reiterated the objective of de-escalating the crisis and called for Russian-Ukrainian government talks . A statement posted by Russia 's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday , quoting spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich , dismissed NATO 's words as rhetoric that harks back to the Cold War . "  The wording of the statement rather reminds us of verbal sparring of the Cold War times , while the decision itself brings us six years back , when Brussels ` froze ' the work of the Russia-NATO Council , " it said . "  It is well known how this ` freeze ' ended up . NATO initiated a return to cooperation with Russia , stating an ` all-weather nature ' of cooperation within the framework of the Russia-NATO Council . " The NATO ministers said on Tuesday that political dialogue in the NATO-Russia Council could continue , "  as necessary , at the ambassadorial level and above , to allow us to exchange views , first and foremost on this crisis . " They said they would review NATO 's relations with Russia at their next meeting in June . Marine deployment Within the next few days , 175 U.S. Marines from Camp Lejeune in North Carolina will begin deploying to Romania as part of an effort to beef up a Marine Corps presence in Europe for dealing with contingencies . The deployment to Romania was long planned , Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steve Warren said . The Marines will become additional forces assigned to a so-called Special Purpose Marine Air Ground Task Force headquartered in Moron , Spain . But additional forces in Romania will beef up the U.S. military presence in the region as tensions have risen over the Russian troop buildup along Ukraine 's border . Romania has agreed to allow up to 600 U.S. forces on its soil at any one time . There are an additional 300 Marines in Romania as part of a longstanding bilateral training program . The Pentagon is also considering additional moves in Eastern Europe to beef up military deployment exercises . A Navy warship is expected to enter the Black Sea in the coming days for another round of port visits and exercises as part of the effort , Warren said . Kerry : Do n't use energy as a weapon Earlier Wednesday , Kerry said energy supplies must not be used as a political weapon , speaking at an EU-U.S. energy summit held in Brussels alongside the NATO talks . His remarks came after Russian energy giant Gazprom announced a hefty increase in the price of natural gas it supplies to Ukraine . Kerry , who spoke while flanked by EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , said the European Union and United States were taking "  important steps " to make it harder for one state to hold another hostage to energy supplies . "  No nation should use energy to stymie a people 's aspirations , " said Kerry , co-chairman of the EU-U.S. Energy Council . "  We can not allow it to be used as a political weapon or an instrument of aggression . " Europe and the United States are working together to reduce Ukraine 's reliance on Russian energy by developing alternative sources of natural gas , Kerry said . "  We 're working in lockstep to help Ukraine bring natural gas in from Poland and Hungary and develop a route through Slovakia , " he said , adding that the United States also hopes to export more natural gas in the future . At the same time , Kerry said Ukraine has committed to work to reduce consumer subsidies to make its energy market more efficient . The International Monetary Fund last week agreed to lend Ukraine up to $ 18 billion over the next two years in return for a package of reforms , including to its energy market . In the United States , the House of Representatives gave final congressional approval Tuesday to legislation that would provide $ 1 billion in loan guarantees to Ukraine and would impose sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine . President Barack Obama is expected to sign the bill . "  Developments in Ukraine have brought energy security concerns to the fore and prove the need to reinforce energy security in Europe , " said a joint statement issued by the EU-U.S. Energy Council . Kerry also spoke again Wednesday with his NATO counterparts , including Frank-Walter Steinmeier of Germany , Norway 's Borge Brende , Poland 's Radoslaw Sikorski and British Foreign Secretary William Hague . Gas price hike After the increase in gas prices reported by Russian state media Tuesday , Ukraine will pay $ 385.50 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas , up from the previous rate of $ 268.50 . The move , which is now in effect , ends a discount that was agreed to before Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted after months of street protests . Ukraine also owes $ 1.7 billion in unpaid natural gas bills , Gazprom chief executive Alexei Miller was quoted as saying by the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . In a move that may add to Ukraine 's financial woes , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a bill Wednesday terminating Russian agreements with Ukraine over the lease of its Black Sea naval base in Crimea , RIA Novosti reported . Russia paid the Ukrainian government $ 530 million annually for use of the Sevastopol base , and it wrote off nearly $ 100 million of Kiev 's debt for the right to use Ukrainian waters , according to the news agency . This deal will now come to an end . Also terminated was an agreement under which Russia gave Ukraine a $ 100 discount on natural gas , RIA Novosti said . This means that the price Ukraine pays is expected to rise to $ 485.50 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas once the Russian government issues an official resolution , it said . Far-right leader 's death investigated Separately , Ukraine 's Interior Ministry released a statement about the death last month of prominent far-right activist Oleksandr Muzychko , better known as Sashko Biliy . The ministry has said that Muzychko , a leader of Right Sector , a far-right group prominent in the recent anti-government protests , had been killed in a shootout with police in the town of Rivne . Ukrainian lawmaker Oleksandr Doniy , whose constituency is in Rivne , gave a different version of events , saying the activist was dragged into a car and then shot . On Wednesday , the ministry said special forces had "  acted in accordance with the law and all their actions are concluded legitimate " during his arrest . It said Muzychko was killed when he fired at himself . What do we know about Russia 's troop buildup on Ukraine 's border ? Is Crimea gone ? Annexation no longer the focus of Ukraine crisis Amanpour blog : Russia could invade Ukraine 12 hours after order , says NATO commander	NATO military chief Breedlove : Russian forces could move into Ukraine very swiftly Russia is trying to reestablish Soviet sphere of influence , NATO secretary general says Energy supplies must not be used as a political weapon , says Secretary of State John Kerry "  No nation should use energy to stymie a people 's aspirations , " Kerry says
Washington  CNN  -- At his request , President Barack Obama is ending his inaugural oath with : "  So help me God . " Those four words are not legally or constitutionally required , unlike other federal oaths that invoke them as standard procedure . Historians have wrangled over whether George Washington established precedent by adding the phrase on his own during his first Inaugural acceptance , but the Library of Congress website states he did . Abraham Lincoln was reported to have said it spontaneously in 1861 and other presidents over the years have followed suit . A Bible is traditionally used in administering the oath . Opinion : Presidents should not swear in on a Bible Obama took the official oath on Sunday at the White House with his left hand on the family Bible of his wife , Michelle . At Monday 's ceremonial swearing-in at the Capitol , he will use Bibles from Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr. . Obama took the oath with the same Lincoln Bible in 2009 when he made history as the first African-American president . The Constitution lays out the exact language to be used in the oath : "  I do solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my Ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . " Four years ago , a California atheist , Michael Newdow , objected and went to federal court to prevent Chief Justice John Roberts from prompting the president-elect to repeat the "  so help me God phrase . " Newdow , along with several non-religious groups , argued the words violate the constitutional ban on government "  endorsement " of religion . The high court ultimately rejected the lawsuit two years ago , and no such legal challenges are expected this time . Lyndon Johnson 's 1965 swearing-in marked a change from tradition . His wife Claudia , known better as Lady Bird , held the Bible , a job previously managed by the high court 's clerk . Spouses have since had the honor . 13 reasons to follow the inauguration on CNN 's platforms and nowhere else CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Obama used family Bible at Sunday 's swearing-in ; Will use two others on Monday ` So help me God ' not required part of presidential oath , but has been said Legal challenge fell short before 2009 inauguration
CNN  -- Laszlo Csatary , the Nazi war crimes suspect who was arrested last year , has died , his lawyer told Hungarian media . He was 98 . Csatary was accused of sending more than 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in the spring of 1944 . "  With the death of Csatary there are no further proceedings in this case , " lawyer Gabor Horvath told Hungarian state news agency MTI . He said Csatary died Saturday . Csatary was arrested in June 2012 after a Jewish rights organization discovered him living in Budapest . The Simon Wiesenthal Center considered him its most-wanted Nazi war criminal . "  This is a very unfortunate end to a saga that lasted far too long , " Efraim Zuroff , director of the center 's Israel office , said Monday . "  Csatary should have been brought to justice shortly after the war . ... We gave the Hungarian prosecutors evidence two years ago , and this should have been taken care of months ago in Budapest . " Csatary served as a senior Hungarian police officer in the city of Kosice , which is now in Slovakia but was under Hungarian rule in the 1940s , the center said . In addition to the Auschwitz deportations , Csatary was accused of participating in the deportations of 300 Jews to the Ukraine to be killed , Zuroff said . Using the last name Csizsik , Csatary arrived in Canada in 1949 , telling immigration officials he was Yugoslavian , according to The Toronto Star newspaper . Canadian authorities later investigated allegations that he had lied to immigration authorities about his past when he arrived there . Canada revoked his citizenship in 1997 and initiated an investigation . Csatary voluntarily left Canada amid deportation proceedings and returned to Hungary . After receiving tips from Zuroff , Hungarian authorities launched an investigation on Csatary in September 2011 , the center said . Csatary denied allegations against him to the British tabloid The Sun . People we 've lost in 2013	Csatary was accused of sending 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp He was arrested last year after a Jewish rights group discovered him living in Hungary Csatary had denied allegations against him to a British tabloid Lawyer : "  With the death of Csatary there are no further proceedings in this case "
CNN  -- The family of a nurse who apparently hanged herself after taking a prank call regarding Prince William 's pregnant wife Catherine spoke movingly Saturday of their grief at losing the "  core of the family " who had surrounded them with love and laughter . Speaking to reporters outside Westminster Cathedral , where a Mass was held to remember Jacintha Saldanha on Saturday morning , they described the "  unfillable void " her tragic death had left in their lives . It was the first time her husband , Benedict Barboza , and two teenaged children had spoken publicly of their loss since the nurse 's death on 7 December . "  My wife , you were the light of my darkness , who always showed me the way forward , " said Barboza . Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha ? "  I feel a part of me has been ripped out . Without your beautiful smile and sparkling personality the house is an empty place to live . " The couple had been together for 19 years with a "  strong bond of affection and understanding " that he would cherish forever , he said . "  Your loss is a very painful one and nobody can take that place in my life ever again . I love you and miss you forever , " he said , breaking down in tears as he finished speaking . The couple 's son , Junal , spoke of his mother as a "  kind , generous and well respected woman , " who was the core of the family and had instilled the principles in her children that would guide them through life . "  You worked tirelessly to give us everything that we have today , " he said . Lisha , his younger sister , said they would miss their mother 's laughter and the loving memories they share . "  We are shattered and there 's an unfillable void in our lives . We love you , Mum . Sleep in peace and please watch over us until we meet again in Heaven . We will always love you and keep you close to our hearts . " Opinion : Prank call pitted ` the great ' against the powerless Saldanha 's funeral will be held on Monday in Karnataka , southern India , the family said . The nurse 's death , three days after she took the hoax call from two Australian DJs who impersonated Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II , shocked people around the world . A memorial fund to benefit her family has been set up by King Edward VII Hospital , where she worked . Saldanha was found hanging from a wardrobe door at her hospital living quarters on December 7 , a coroner 's court heard Thursday . The court was told she left three notes , but the content of them was not disclosed . Read more : Nurse death sparks outrage , casts glare on ` shock jocks ' The details around the circumstances of Saldanha 's death emerged as an inquest -- a proceeding usually held in Britain when a death is sudden or unexplained -- was opened . It is due to reconvene in March . Police are looking at e-mails and telephone records , the inquest heard , and will speak to Saldanha 's friends and co-workers about what could have led to her death . At this time there are no suspicious circumstances , Detective Chief Inspector James Harman said . Saldanha 's death triggered wide public anger against the radio station , Sydney-based 2Day FM , and the two DJS who made the hoax call early on December 4 . Believing it was genuine , Saldanha transferred the call to the ward treating Catherine for acute morning sickness , where another nurse gave details of her condition . Friends in her native India have described her as a devout Catholic who was generous , dedicated and caring toward her patients . The hospital released a letter late Friday sent by chief executive John Lofthouse to lawmaker Keith Vaz , who has been supporting the Saldanha family . In it , Lofthouse spells out the guidelines given to staff for dealing with calls when a "  high-profile patient " is being cared for -- and insists that Saldanha was given full support by the hospital . "  Part of our procedure is to take the name and number of the individual and call them back . This is in order to verify that the call is genuine . We also empower our staff to use their judgement , " he wrote . "  On this particular occasion , Jacintha believed that the call was genuine , and she felt it appropriate to put the call through . We stand by her judgement . " After the hoax call Saldanha was reassured a number of times by senior managers that she was not being blamed for anything , he said , "  and there were no disciplinary issues involved , because she had been the victim of a cruel trick . " Read more : Australian prank call radio station boss calls nurse 's death ` truly tragic ' Saldanha was also offered further support , including time off , the chance to return to her family home in Bristol or counseling , but declined to take it , he said . "  Jacintha said that she would prefer to continue working . Neither ourselves , her friends or family noticed anything to give cause for concern . " Lofthouse said he had been in touch with Saldanha 's husband and that the family had now accepted the hospital 's offer of support . The hospital will do all it can for the family "  at this desperately sad time , " he added . The media network that owns the 2Day FM , Southern Cross Austereo , has also said it will donate a minimum of 500,000 Australian dollars  US$ 524,000  to a fund for the nurse 's family . Responding to reports of death threats against the DJs involved , Michael Christian and Mel Greig , Southern Cross Austereo said Friday that the safety of its employees was "  an absolute priority . " "  We have sensible measures in place , as we always do , to ensure our people are safe . This is now a matter for the police and we trust they will investigate any specific threats that emerge , " a spokesman said . The DJs made a heartfelt apology in TV interviews in Australia this week , saying they had meant no harm . CNN 's Susannah Palk and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	"  We are shattered and there 's an unfillable void in our lives , " says daughter Nurse 's husband : "  I feel a part of me has been ripped out " Jacintha Saldanha is remembered in a Mass at Westminster Cathedral Hospital chief executive says Saldanha was the victim of a "  cruel trick " by radio DJs
After some of the world 's biggest corporations such as Apple and Google have come under pressure over aggressive tax avoidance strategies , now its FIFA 's turn to defend its lucrative financial arrangements with 2014 World Cup hosts Brazil . The relationship of football 's world governing body with Brazil is under scrutiny following the protests that have gripped the country as the South American country stages June 's Confederation Cup -- a test run for the main event next year . Initially disgruntlement of the protesters centered on a 20 centavos  10 cents  rise in bus and train fares . But a violent response from the police , prompted Brazilians of all ages took to the streets . Suddenly the issue was about corruption , poor public services , increasing inflation , lack of security and whether the money being spent on the World Cup might be better invested elsewhere . With a subtext of the rich lining their pockets , while the poor pay more to use crumbling public services , the Brazilian government was left scrambling to deal with what some have dubbed the "  Tropical Spring . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter , for one , was askance at the protests . "  I can understand that people are not happy , but they should not use football to make their demands heard , " Blatter told Brazil 's Globo TV . Tax exemptions While FIFA argues that Brazil , as well as Russia and Qatar in 2018 and 2022 , will gain benefits from infrastructure development and tourism as well as the kudos of staging a global sporting event , the World Cup is key for the world governing body -- the event is its major source of revenue . "  The exact number I do not know but around $ 4 billion , " said FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke earlier in June , referring to what the 2014 World Cup will generate financially for the Swiss-based organization . However , that is a conservative estimate with consultants suggesting the amount could reach $ 5 billion . "  Of course it 's not all profit , it is commercial revenue related to the cycle of not just the World Cup , but the cycle between the 2010 Cup and 2014 , " added Valcke . Three years ago the World Cup in South Africa raised $ 3.6 billion , incurring expenditures of $ 1.298 billion . For its latest results , FIFA reported a profit of $ 89 million for 2012 , with reserves of $ 1.378 billion . The organization had a revenue of $ 1.166 billion last year and spending of $ 1.077 billion . As a not-for-profit association in Swiss law , FIFA pays no tax on commercial income from the World Cup . But some critics question whether the relationship between FIFA and its World Cup hosts is mutually beneficial , notably with regard to the lucrative tax exemptions World Cup organizers are prepared to offer for the right to stage the biggest single-event sporting competition in the world . According to Brazil 's Internal Revenue Service the tax exemptions will cost $ 248.7 million , though other reports estimate the figure could be as twice as high for the period between 2011 and 2015 . The International Olympic Committee will receive similar exemptions when the South American country hosts the Olympics in 2016 . Proponents argue hosting the World Cup brings billions more dollars into the Brazilian economy , but $ 250 million buys a lot of bus tickets . Brazil in "  FIFA 's hands " Ex-Brazilian star Romario -- now a Brazilian politician -- is one that argues that the money spent on building stadiums would be better spent on constructing houses and schools . "  FIFA will make a profit of four billion reais  $ 1.8 billion  which should provide one billion  $ 450 million  in tax , but they will not pay anything , " Romario said in a video posted on the websites of several Brazilian newspapers . "  They come , set up the circus , they do n't spend anything and they take everything with them . "  The real president of our country is FIFA , " added Romario . "  FIFA comes to our country and sets up a state within a state . " Another critic -- academic and journalist Christopher Gaffney , who lives in Rio -- believes that FIFA 's much vaunted "  Fair Play " slogan should not just apply to on-field behavior . "  FIFA should be obliged to follow the pre-existing tax laws in the host countries that apply to international sports non-governmental organizations and their corporate partners , " said Gaffney . "  We saw a response in the lead up to London 2012 that the British were revolted that the International Olympic Committee 's partners were not going to pay taxes . "  A boycott ensued and the companies agreed to pay taxes on their Olympic related profits . "  There are , of course , always government subsidies to attract businesses , but legislative elements like the General Law of the World Cup in Brazil go far beyond this and effectively redirect public money into Swiss bank accounts . " That analysis drew a swift response from football 's world governing body . "  FIFA obtains none of its revenue from public funds of the host country , " a FIFA spokesman told CNN . "  The host country provide the general infrastructure for the event , which remains as a legacy in the country such as transportation , IT , upgrades on airports . "  Therefore , it is not true that money is generated in the host country for FIFA and that it will go then to accounts in Switzerland . " But the exemptions FIFA insist upon , has surprised one leading European taxation expert , Professor of European Tax Law Han Kogels , who is based in Rotterdam . In bidding for the 2018 World Cup , Russia was up against three other bidders -- England , Netherlands-Belgium and Spain-Portugal . "  In that bid book model of the FIFA as commercial organization , it claimed a privilege of 100 % tax freedom  no corporate tax , no income tax , no VAT , no excise duties , no local tax , not any other taxes  , irrespective of regular national tax law , European tax law and international tax law , " said Kogels after examining the Netherlands part of the bid . "  I was  and still am  not aware of any other international commercial sport event being subsidized through full tax exemption at the cost of  other  taxpayers , and did not see any justification for such unequal treatment of FIFA . " Economic benefits FIFA insisted that tax exemptions needed to be viewed in relation to the overall economic benefits that next year 's World Cup potentially might bring Brazil . The world governing body quoted a study by Ernst & Young Terco that estimated that the event would inject R$ 112.8 billion  $ 50 billion  into the Brazilian economy by 2014 , with R$ 28 billion  12.4 billion  spent on infrastructure , generating R$ 63.5 billion  $ 28 billion  in income for the population . "  It is important to note that tax exemptions are only related to certain areas of the organization , in particular for temporary use of goods and services during the event , " FIFA told CNN . "  Examples include IT equipment for broadcasters as well as other material mainly broadcasters and participating teams bring with them , the cars used for the official transport , uniforms for volunteers . "  Amongst others the prize money of the FIFA World Cup is taxable in Brazil . " "  Overall , according to the Ernst & Young Terco study it is estimated that the host country will obtain an additional tax revenue of R$ 18.1 billion  $ 8 billion  . "  It should be noted that FIFA also bears the costs related to hosting and staging of the FIFA World Cup , including and not limited to the costs of the Local Organising Committee . This means over $ 1.3 billion in costs for FIFA . " Cynicism However , in much the same way that the Group of Eight economies attempted to bring coherence to the issue of closing global tax loopholes earlier this month , Professor Simon Chadwick called on governments and sporting organizations to adopt a more systematic approach to tax . "  One of the problems in Brazil , Britain and , indeed , in many countries across the world is that there is no coherent strategy or policy in place regarding taxation and sport , " said Chadwick . "  For example , players in this year 's Champions League final at Wembley were given exemption from paying tax on revenues earned from the game . "  Whereas in 2015 , players in the rugby union World Cup final will not be given the same exemption . Such a lack of strategy , clarity , consistency and openness creates a climate in which confusion , contradiction and cynicism begin to develop . " Given the scale of the protests in Brazil , does the South American country want to renegotiate the tax exemptions ? "  Holding a FIFA World Cup involves agreements that are signed between the organization and the host country in order to receive the event. , " said the Brazil Finance Ministry . "  The FIFA World Cup has always been seen by Brazil as a major opportunity to spur investments in infrastructure and services and to modernize football management in Brazil . "	Questions raised over what Brazil really gets out of 2014 World Cup Should money be spent on football stadiums or health and education ? FIFA receives tax exemptions from Brazil Romario says : "  FIFA comes to our country and sets up a state within a state "
CNN  -- It 's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes , our fuzzy overlords are so powerful , they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks . Whether fluffy or smooth , scaly or wet , here are some facts about our animal friends , by the numbers . 55.53 billion - The estimated number of dollars to be spent on pets in the United States in 2013 . 82.5 million - The number of U.S. households with pets in 2012 . 63.2 - The percentage of pet owners surveyed in 2011 who considered their pets members of the family . 70 - The percentage of Americans who considered themselves "  dog people , " according to a 2006 Gallup Poll . 20 - The percentage who told Gallup they liked cats better . 70 million - The number of pet dogs in the United States in 2012 . 74.1 million - The number of pet cats in the United States in 2012 . Less than 1 % - The estimated percentage of dogs and cats in the United States that are covered by pet insurance . 14 - The average number of dollars spent annually on veterinary care for pet birds . 75 - The maximum number of years a parrot is likely to live . Types of parrots include macaws , cockatoos and lovebirds . 56 - The percentage of dogs in the United States that sleep in bed with their owners . For cats , it 's 63 % . Almost 12 - The number of inches a regular-sized aquarium goldfish can grow after being returned to the wild . 25 - The number of years microchips will last when implanted in pets . The chips can help recover lost pets . 5-7 million - The number of pets entering U.S. shelters every year . About half are strays and half are surrendered by their owners . 12.4 million - The record-setting number of "  unique viewers " who watched Animal Planet 's ninth annual "  Puppy Bowl , " on February 3 , 2013 . 2-4 million - The number of puppies born each year in U.S. "  puppy mills , " as of 2012 . 8 - The average number of years a pet snake lives . 7 - The number of states that do n't regulate or restrict potentially dangerous captive wildlife as pets , including big cats , large reptiles or bears . 4 - The number of dollars it cost to buy a "  Pet Rock " in 1975 , possibly one of the easiest pets to take care of , ever ! Follow @CNNLiving on Twitter or on Facebook !	This week is National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week Americans will spend more than $ 55 billion on pets in 2013 , an industry group says Industry group : Almost 83 million U.S. homes had pets in 2012 Gallup : 70 % of Americans call themselves "  dog people "
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt , including its capital Cairo , teetered on the edge early Thursday as clashes persisted following the bloodiest day since the revolution two years ago that was envisioned to bring peace and democracy to Egypt -- but has not . The violence Wednesday pitted Egypt 's military and current government against backers of deposed President Mohamed Morsy , though others also were caught in the fray . At least 278 people were killed , including 235 civilians , state TV reported , citing an Egyptian emergency official . Interim Interior Minister Gen. Mohammed Ibrahim said that an additional 43 police officers died . "  It 's an open war , " said a protester who escaped one of two Cairo camps that were raided . The intensity and violence lingered into Thursday morning , when state TV reported Morsy backers were attacking police stations , hospitals and government buildings despite a government-mandated curfew . More Egyptian troops were being deployed at entrances to Cairo and Giza , with the unrest prompting the closure Thursday of banks and the nation 's stock market . The 2011 revolution that led to the ouster of Hosni Mubarak , who 'd kept a firm grip on power for 30 years , was followed by Egypt 's first democratic elections . Morsy -- a leader of the Islamist group the Muslim Brotherhood -- won the presidency in that 2012 vote , but was forced out by the military last month . Morsy has n't been seen since he was taken into custody . Yet his supporters have very public in voicing their opinions , massing on the streets of Cairo and elsewhere to slam military leaders and demand Morsy 's return to the presidency . Egypt 's new government refused to back down , criticizing elements of the protest movement and specifically ordering them to leave two spots where they 'd been gathering in Cairo for six weeks , or else they 'd force them out . On Wednesday , they did . Bloody ` war zone ' as security forces clear Cairo square The story of what exactly transpired -- who attacked whom , who opened fire , who was to blame -- varied 180 degrees depending on where one stood in the debate over Egypt 's past , present and future . On the one side , there were Morsy supporters , one of whom accused government forces of waging a "  full-on assault " on what they said had been , to-date , peaceful demonstrations . On the other , there were those like Ibrahim , who professed to being "  surprised " by the "  Muslim Brotherhood 's  decision  to attack the security forces . " What could n't be mistaken was the chaos , the bloodshed and the sense -- even with Prime Minister Hazem Elbeblawi 's pledge "  we hopefully will rebuild our nation " -- that the already volatile situation in Egypt could be getting worse . "  I think what we 're seeing right now is just the beginning of what is promising to be a very , very long and bloody battle as the interim government and the security forces try to regain control of the streets , " CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Cairo . Diplomats condemn violence , calling it ` deplorable ' The government on Wednesday , according to state TV , issued a month-long state of emergency . This a loaded term in Egypt , given that Mubarak long ruled under such a decree that barred unauthorized assembly , restricted freedom of speech and let police jail people indefinitely . The prime minister said the government felt compelled to act to ensure stability , praising security forces for their "  calm " and claiming some activists had intent to undermine the government . "  We are here to build a democracy based on justice , " Elbeblawi said . " ... We have to reason and use common sense . We are all part of this nation . " Yet not everyone expressed faith in his government . Mohammed ElBaradei -- a secular leader who was one of Morsy 's biggest critics before joining the government that replaced him -- submitted his resignation Wednesday as vice president of foreign affairs , saying he did n't agree with decisions being carried out by the ruling government and "  can not be responsible for a single  drop of  blood . " His decision spurred scorn from some former allies , with youth groups and June 30th coalition members questioning his stepping down "  at this critical and historic phase , " according to state-run EGYNews . Kenneth Roth , the executive director of Human Rights Watch , sharply criticized "  ongoing violence " by Brotherhood supporters against Coptic Christian churches in the country . He also chastised the government 's crackdown on the Islamist group . "  Did n't have to happen , " Roth tweeted . "  MB had right to protest . No need for massive lethal force . " World urges Egypt to show restraint , protect civilians The European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , urged "  security forces to exercise utmost restraint and ... the interim government to end the state of emergency as soon as possible , to allow the resumption of normal life . " In light of the ongoing violence , the United States is considering canceling next month 's planned biennial military training exercise with Egyptian forces , an official in President Barack Obama 's administration said . Pressing Egypt 's government "  to respect basic human rights , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that Wednesday 's "  deplorable " events "  run counter to Egyptian aspirations for peace , inclusion and genuine democracy . " "  The path toward violence leads only to greater instability , economic disaster and suffering , " he said . ` They 're prepared to die ' For weeks , the two makeshift Cairo protest camps had become cities unto themselves -- with people sleeping in tents , vendors hawking everything from haircuts to masks , and children playing in inflatable castles and splashing in kiddie pools . At dawn on Wednesday , they came under siege . Security forces rushed in , bulldozing tents and escorting away hundreds . Some mothers and fathers managed to whisk away their children , gas masks on their faces . Within three hours , the smaller camp -- Nahda , near Cairo University -- was clear , except for shreds of torn-down tents that remained . But the larger protest , near the Rabaa al-Adawiya mosque in eastern Cairo , proved trickier . Facing heavy resistance , the military called in special forces . Chaos ensued . Along with smoke , bursts of rapid gunfire filled the air , as did people 's wails . Many protesters refused to leave , even in the face of bulldozers and surrounded by the injured and dead . "  They said they 're prepared to die , " CNN 's Reza Sayah reported . State TV reported that snipers from the Muslim Brotherhood -- Morsy 's party -- exchanged gunfire with Egyptian security forces near a university building . The dead included cameraman Mick Deane , who 'd worked for UK-based news channel Sky News for 15 years and for CNN before that . Habiba Abdel Aziz of Gulf News , who was in Egypt on her own time having celebrated the Eid holiday , also died , editor-at-large Francis Matthew told CNN . And Reuters photojournalist Asmaa Waguih was shot and wounded , the news agency told CNN . She was being treated in a hospital . ` Walking on the blood of the victims ' Ibrahim , the interim interior minister , claimed armed protesters were the aggressors -- including trying to storm police stations , the Ministry of Finance building and other targets in Cairo . The fighting was n't limited to the capital . Morsy backers reportedly besieged churches in Sohag , setting fire to Saint George 's Church , a tour bus and a police car , EGYNews said . Naguib Sawiris , an Egyptian billionaire who helped found the anti-Morsy Free Egyptian Party , said his party had video of Muslim Brotherhood members "  shooting machine guns on civilians , on police . So anyone who wants to call this a peaceful demonstration would be wrong . " But Ahmed Mustafa , a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman , told CNN that Sawiris was trying to misrepresent video of masked people with weapons . Besides claiming they 'd been shot at , the Muslim Brotherhood also accused police of throwing Molotov cocktails at makeshift clinics . Security forces pushed doctors out of one hospital at gunpoint , a witness said , and a CNN crew at one point was "  literally walking on the blood of the victims . " Yet Ibrahim said government forces had done what they could to limit casualties , with his ministry insisting , "  Egyptian security forces are committed to the utmost self-restraint in dealing with the protesters . " Divisions rife , future uncertain in Egypt Rather than uniting Egypt after Mubarak 's fall , divisions remained rife -- and , in some ways , intensified -- during Morsy 's time as president . Critics accused him of being authoritarian , trying to force the Brotherhood 's Islamic agenda , not being inclusive and failing to deliver freedom and justice . ` Nail in coffin ' for Arab Spring ? The military coup to dismiss him , they said , was necessary since Morsy did n't fairly represent all Egyptians . So , too , were the efforts to force his supporters off the streets . "  We believe in human rights , " said Shehab Wagih , a spokesman for the Free Egyptian Party speaking in favor of the military . "  But at the same time , we can not accept the idea of having a state inside a state . " Morsy 's backers , meanwhile , accuse the military -- and the government it appointed -- of undermining the people 's will , as expressed at the polls . The deposed president was n't given a fair chance , they say , and his supporters have been unfairly targeted for expressing their opinion . Talking Wednesday on CNN , Abdul Mawgoud Dardery of the pro-Morsy Anti-Coup National Alliance blamed "  corrupt elements " in the Egyptian army for the bloodshed , calling their actions a "  crime against humanity " and "  state terrorism . " "  All presidents make mistakes , but you do n't have the army to remove them , " Dardery said of Morsy . " ... What are we telling to the rest of the Arab world , the Muslim world -- that bullets are better than ballots ? " Opinion : Morsy holds key to Egypt 's future CNN 's Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; CNN 's Greg Botelho and Josh Levs reported from Atlanta ; CNN 's Saad Abedine , Holly Yan , Barbara Starr , Ali Younes , Slma Shelbayah and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Morsy backers attack police stations , hospitals early Thursday , state TV reports At least 235 civilians and 43 police officers die in violence Wednesday , officials say Morsy backers say they came under "  assault ; " government calls protesters the aggressors Diplomats worldwide condemn the bloodshed , urge restraint
London  CNN  -- One of the most eagerly awaited films to come out of Africa in recent years , starring Thandie Newton and Chiwetel Ejiofor , is hitting the big screen . "  Half of a Yellow Sun " recently premiered at Toronto 's International Film Festival . The British-Nigerian production is about the Nigerian civil war -- the Biafran war -- that tore up the country between 1967 and 1970 , and is an adaptation of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 's bestselling novel of the same name . "  It is essentially a love story set in the war , " the film 's Nigerian-born director Biyi Bandele told CNN . CNN met with the UK-based playwright and director just before the screening of "  Half of a Yellow Sun " at the London Film Festival . Sporting his dreadlocks in a hair band , the 45-year-old talked about Thandie Newton , typhoid and turning an award-winning book into a film . "  The book is an epic book , " Bandele said . "  It 's about 500 pages long , and I had to make a movie that works under two hours . So I had to make some difficult choices when I was writing the script and it took me quite a few years actually to get the script right . " Read this : The movie they tried to ban The romantic drama spans over a decade , starting with Nigeria 's newly found freedom from the British rule in 1960 , and continuing until the end of the fighting . It follows the fate of four people who become entangled in both their relationships and the civil war . It focuses on two wealthy sisters , Olanna  Thandie Newton  and Kainene  Anika Noni Rose  , who , upon returning from their UK education , choose two completely different lives . Newton 's Olanna gives up her social status to live with the radical academic Odenigbo  Ejiofor  , whilst Rose 's Kainene becomes a successful businesswoman who falls in love with an English writer . Betrayals threaten to tear the sisters apart but soon they are both in the middle of the civil war turbulence . Adichie 's novel came out in 2006 , and Bandele immediately started working on the script . He knew from the start that he wanted Newton to play the part of Olanna . "  I just felt she would be perfect . And it took me quite a few years to finally persuade her to accept the role , " Bandele said . "  But  once we decided to shoot I was actually glad it took that long , because I was ready and I had the perfect cast . I mean , Chiwetel Ejiofor was just again another actor at the top of his game . " Part of the funding for the movie came from Britain , but it was all shot in Calabar and Creek Town in Nigeria . Originally , Bandele said , they had an eight-week schedule , but the tight budget meant cutting it short to five weeks instead . As if that was n't enough , the shoot itself proved challenging to both the director and his crew . "  Myself and quite a few members of my crew contracted typhoid and some people had Malaria , " Bandele said . "  Thandie  also  contracted typhoid and she did n't take a single day off . She was just there all the time . I have no idea where she got the physical energy from , but she was there . " Newton , born to a Zimbabwean mother and a British father , has described Olanna as the "  most sophisticated , modern woman " she 's ever played and critics have praised her performance as the highlight of her career so far . "  It was a really tough shoot and Thandie was just always a member of the team and it was great , " Bandele said of working with Newton . "  The budget we had and my mission were not completely compatible , but somehow we managed to pull it off and I think we did because I had a great cast , an amazing crew and the support of the people of Calabar . " Read this : ` Star Wars ' town disappearing into the desert Bandele said he even had the support of the book 's author , Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie , but that he was anxious to find out what she thought of his adaptation . "  The day she came to see it , during the end of post-production , I did n't go into the production room because I was so nervous , " he said . "  I also wanted her to respond however she wanted to respond , and when I heard that Chimamanda loved it I just sighed with relief . " "  Half of a Yellow Sun " -- said to be the most expensive Nigerian movie to date , with a reported budget of $ 8 million -- is a milestone in Nigerian film . Nigeria is the second-largest producer of films in the world , after India , with around 50 movies per week . To Bandele this is just the beginning . He is currently working on an online series called "  Shuga " and has high hopes for the country 's movie industry . "  The future of Nigerian film is very good , " he said . "  There are many young filmmakers right now out there . Some of them have grown up within the Nollywood tradition , others have gone to film school and you just have this mix of talent  and  lots of voices and I 'm really excited . "	"  Half of a Yellow Sun " is the movie adaptation of award-winning novel of same name It stars Thandie Newton and is said to be Nigeria 's most expensive film to date It is the debut film of Nigerian-born playwright and director Biyi Bandele
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Hopes of finding trapped survivors dwindled Friday evening in Alabama , the epicenter of storms that obliterated neighborhoods and towns and claimed scores of lives across the South . Gov. Robert Bentley , speaking in Birmingham , said the long road to recovery will now begin . "  We 've gotten past the rescue stage , " Bentley said . "  We have begun the recovery stage . " Earlier Friday , President Barack Obama toured rubble-strewn neighborhoods in Tuscaloosa , declaring the devastation brought by a series of powerful storms and tornadoes was beyond anything he had ever seen . The storms killed at least 326 people in six states and left entire neighborhoods in ruins . Obama promised expedited federal aid to states affected by the tornadoes . Has the severe weather affected you ? Share stories , photos and video with iReport . "  We 're going to do everything we can to help these communities rebuild , " he said . Wednesday 's outbreak of severe weather brought what the National Weather Service categorized as a rare EF-5 tornado to one Mississippi town . And according to the weather service , it 's possible another twister was on the ground for 200 miles from Mississippi through Alabama . The extent of the devastation became evident by Friday , when the death count in Marion County in northwest Alabama rose from three to 21 , according to the state Emergency Management Agency . It said 20 people were missing . See hi-res photos of the devastation Marion County Sheriff Kevin Williams put the number even higher -- 29 people dead in the city of Hackleburg and six in Hamilton . The Hackleburg fatalities included 16 on the scene and 13 who died at several hospitals , he told CNN . "  It 's pretty much wiped out , " Williams said of the town . "  It looks like a war zone . " The possible tornadoes destroyed a Wrangler clothing plant , a pharmacy , doctor 's office and three schools , officials said . Alabama , Mississippi , Georgia , Virginia and Louisiana Alabama suffered the greatest of loss of life , with fatalities in 19 counties confirmed by the state Emergency Management Agency . The agency reported Friday evening that the state 's death toll had risen to at least 238 . In Tuscaloosa , Obama 's motorcade passed street after street of homes reduced to splinters , crushed and flipped cars , and widespread debris on the way to his first stop to visit with families affected by the storms that pounded the region Wednesday and Thursday . "  I 've got ta say I 've never seen devastation like this , " Obama told reporters . Tuscaloosa city officials reported 45 deaths as of Friday afternoon , but later revised that to 39 because of a counting error . That change was not immediately reflected in the state 's total . People 's lives have just been turned upside down Nearly 450 people were unaccounted for Friday afternoon in the city , although they were not necessarily missing . The president 's visit took place as emergency responders in Alabama and five other states continued to assess the damage wreaked by one of the worst outbreaks of violent weather in the southeastern United States in decades , experts said . The storms leveled neighborhoods , rendered major roads impassable and left nearly 800,000 customers still without power Friday evening . CNN iReporter Stephen Bozek , a broadcast news major at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa , snapped a photo of a U.S. flag affixed to an overturned vehicle . "  The neighborhood is torn to pieces and the flag flying represented the unity  of  this town , " Bozek wrote . In Mississippi , where 34 were confirmed dead , Gov. Haley Barbour told reporters that some people remain unaccounted for and rescuers could still find bodies in the rubble or in the waters surrounding Smithville , where 14 of the state 's known death 's occurred . He said the city was a scene of "  utter obliteration . " On Friday , the National Weather Service said the tornado that struck Smithville on Wednesday was an EF-5 storm with peak winds of 205 mph . The last such tornado recorded in the United States struck May 25 , 2008 , in Parkersburg , Iowa . The scene at Tuscaloosa 's ` Ground Zero ' The tornado , the Weather Service said , destroyed 18 homes , a post office , a police station and a water treatment system . In addition to the 14 deaths , it caused 40 injuries , the weather service said . Obama issued a federal disaster declaration for seven Mississippi counties . The storms also left 34 people dead in Tennessee , 15 in Georgia , five in Virginia and one in Arkansas . In Alabama , emergency management officials said Friday that 35 teams have been deployed to Tuscaloosa and six other counties hit hardest by the storms to assist in recovery efforts . Officials also warned Tennessee motorists not to cross the Alabama state line without filling up their tanks first . Widespread power outages and devastation from the storms have likely rendered functioning gas stations in northern Alabama hard to find , according to a statement released by officials in both states . The storms cut swaths of death and destruction along U.S. Highway 72 in northern Alabama and Interstate 59 from Tuscaloosa County to the northeastern corner of the state . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox said at least one strong tornado swept through the city , leaving dozens of roads impassable and destroying hundreds of homes and businesses . "  It literally obliterated blocks and blocks of the city , " Maddox said . The city remained under a curfew for Friday night that was scheduled to expire at 6 a.m. Saturday . City officials early Friday also advised Tuscaloosa residents who live south of the Black Warrior River and east of McFarland Boulevard to boil their tap water . Obama had signed a disaster declaration for Alabama , which enables storm victims and damaged businesses in eight counties to seek federal aid . Outbreak could set tornado record , experts say Such aid will be critical , Birmingham Mayor William Bell told CNN affiliate WBMA . "  It 's beyond our local resources so we 're going to have to get the federal government involved , " Bell said . "  The president assured us that he would do that . " The storms are being compared to the "  super outbreak " of tornadoes on April 3 and 4 , 1974 , Craig Fugate , the FEMA administrator , said Thursday . In that period , 148 tornadoes were reported in 13 states , and 330 people died . States affected were Alabama , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Mississippi , North Carolina , Ohio , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia .	Alabama town "  looks like a war zone " Alabama death toll rises to at least 238 President Barack Obama : "  I 've never seen devastation like this " He promises "  to do everything we can " to aid rebuilding
Osh , Uzbekistan  CNN  -- The acting president of Kyrgyzstan said when it comes to the recent ethnic clashes in her country , she would multiply the official death toll by 10 , according to the Russian news website Kommersant . Roza Otunbayeva told Kommersant that many deaths in the countryside were not part of the official total of yet , which the Kyrgyz news agency Kabar places at 191 , according to the Kyrgyz Health Care Ministry . In a separate interview in the southern Kyrgyz city of Osh , the interim president called for reconciliation between the Kyrgyz and Uzbeks . "  By all means , we have to give hope that we shall restore the city , return all the refugees and create all conditions for that . I think the entire world will be helping us , because we two peoples have the goodwill to live in peace and friendship together , " Otunbayeva said . A U.S. official on Friday called for a "  substantial " investigation into the killings . Assistant Secretary of State Robert Blake was at a refugee camp near the border in Uzbekistan , where thousands of ethnic Uzbeks fled violence in neighboring Kyrgyzstan . Blake said he wants Kyrgyzstan authorities to investigate who carried out the attacks on ethnic Uzbeks and to bring those responsible to justice . He planned to go to the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek later Friday to deliver the message personally , he said . Blake praised the Uzbek government for working to support the refugees who have flooded into their country . About 120,000 have crossed the border into Uzbekistan , far more than officials had been expecting . The Obama administration is committed to assisting the Uzbek government with supplies and other aid , Blake said at the camp near Yor Kishlok , where refugees were living in rows of tents . While countries and nongovernmental organizations are sending aid to the region , Otunbayeva 's assistant , Azimbek Beknazarov , said in a news release Friday morning that if England does n't extradite Maksim Bakiev , the son of deposed Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiev , then the Kyrgyz government will consider "  closing the Manas airbase . " However , the interim government representative , Temir Sariev , told CNN that , "  This is only Mr. Beknazarov 's opinion and , so far , the interim government is not sharing this opinion . " In a statement released by London-based attorneys , Maksim Bakiev said , "  I have been forced into exile in fear for my life . The interim government in Kyrgyzstan accuses me of new crimes every day . The charges are bogus , to divert attention from their own crimes . They accuse me before there has been any opportunity for an investigation . Clearly they seek to try to make me a scapegoat for the chaos in the country . I view events in my homeland with horror and pray for an end to the violence . " Refugees were telling stories about the violence that began last week , describing houses and businesses burned by rampaging militias , bodies in the streets and how their relatives had been killed . Video and witness accounts were starting to emerge Friday that units of the Kyrgyz military may have been taking part in the violence . Refugees on both sides of the border said they are frightened by the Kyrgyz military . Ethnic violence has displaced about 300,000 people inside Kyrgyzstan , The Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Thursday , citing information from the Kyrgyz interim government and nongovernmental organizations . Some relief for those refugees is imminent . The UN refugee agency said Friday it will begin airlifting supplies into Kyrgyzstan this weekend . UNHCR plans to send two cargo planes to Osh with enough assistance to help about 15,000 people , with one arriving Saturday and the other Sunday . Families and host communities were sheltering many of them , but at least 40,000 people were in need of shelter , according to the UNHCR . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced a "  flash appeal " for $ 71 million , seeking immediate funding for food , shelter , medical supplies and other emergency aid as part of the response to the crisis . The violence between Kyrgyz and Uzbeks in southern Kyrgyzstan has calmed down after it erupted late last week . The UNHCR said in addition to the dozens of deaths , around 1,900 have been wounded . The agency said the situation in Osh and nearby villages "  appears to be volatile , " and conditions in Jalal-Abad are tense . Many families have left Osh and Jalal-Abad for Bishkek and other areas . The flood of refugees into Uzbekistan has strained the country 's health care and food sectors , and several dozen female refugees crossed the border pregnant and have given birth , the United Nations said . China , which borders Kyrgyzstan on the east , said Thursday it had removed 1,299 Chinese nationals , the state-run news agency Xinhua said . The clashes in Kyrgyzstan , which started last week , were part of the most serious outbreak of ethnic violence in the former Soviet republic since 1990 , when hundreds of people died in skirmishes between Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Osh . The United Nations and several countries , including the United States , Germany and Russia , have sent aid to the region . Francois Blancy , deputy head of the Red Cross regional office in Uzbekistan , said more aid is needed . "  We are now at the peak of the humanitarian crisis , " Blancy said Thursday . CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : UN chief announces appeal for $ 71 million in aid Interim Kyrgyz government rep. shoots down suggestion U.S. airbase might be closed Russian media : Acting Kyrgyz president says multiply official death toll by 10 UN Refugee agency UNHCR will start airlifting supplies to Kyrgyzstan this weekend
Washington  CNN  -- Could former U.S. State Department contractor Alan Gross be part of a new prisoner swap ? Two Cubans convicted of spying in the United States are pushing for the deal . They argue that U.S. President Barack Obama could follow the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl with a similar exchange , swapping three of their imprisoned colleagues in exchange for Gross . "  The only thing missing is political will , " Fernando Gonzalez told reporters Tuesday , speaking from Havana in a teleconference broadcast at the Cuban Interests Section in Washington . "  I can not think of a reason for him not to do something similar to what he did  with Bergdahl  . " Gross , 65 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to Cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . He was convicted in March 2011 . Gonzalez is one of the "  Cuban Five , " a group of Cuban agents who were arrested in South Florida in 1998 and convicted of espionage in 2001 . Two of them -- Fernando Gonzalez and Rene Gonzalez -- were released from prison and have returned to Cuba . Gerardo Hernández , Ramón Labañino and Antonio Guerrero remain in prison in the United States . Since their conviction , the agents have been the focus of an international campaign by the Cuban government to have them freed . Both of the freed agents have joined the lobbying effort . The pair already say the Bergdahl exchange shows a deal is possible , despite the criticism Obama has faced since the controversial swap of the U.S. soldier for five Taliban figures who 'd been detained at Guantanamo Bay . "  I think this is the time to do it . I think we had never had a more favorable moment to go that route than we have now . I think that the end result would have an important and positive impact , not only on us , but also on future generations , " Rene Gonzalez said during Tuesday 's teleconference . But State Department officials have stressed that Bergdahl 's case is different , given that he was a member of the U.S. armed forces who was captured in the midst of a military conflict . However , State Department officials say they are taking steps to ensure that Gross is returned to the United States . "  Alan Gross is an international development worker , and his situation is not comparable in any way to those of the convicted Cuban intelligence agents . The Cuban intelligence agents were tried transparently under due process rights that we extend to all defendants in our judicial system , " a State Department spokesman said in an e-mail to CNN . "  Cuban government interlocutors frequently attempt to compare Mr. Gross ' imprisonment to that of five convicted Cuban intelligence agents , three of whom continue to serve sentences in the United States . " U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on Internet access . But Cuban authorities say Gross was part of a plot to create "  a Cuban spring " and destabilize the island 's single-party communist government . U.S. federal prosecutors called the "  Cuban Five " a dangerous undercover spy cell . The Cuban government said they were gathering intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks against Cuba . The apparent U.S. reluctance to pursue a swap has n't stopped the Cuban government from pushing for it and saying that it would be open to discussing the matter with the United States . "  We are not talking about an exchange , we are talking about unilateral decisions which , obviously , would have to be interrelated , " said Cuban Ambassador Jose Ramon Cabañas . "  The United States government has called on us to discuss humanitarian concerns . We , too , have a number of humanitarian concerns . We have said repeatedly that we are willing to seek a solution . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Cubans say the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl shows a prisoner swap is possible They say former USAID contractor Alan Gross could be next Cuban authorities want the U.S. to swap Gross for three imprisoned Cuban spies
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- A Colorado man was convicted of first-degree murder and a bias-motivated crime and sentenced to life in prison for killing a transgender teen he met on an online social networking site . Allen Andrade was convicted of first-degree murder and a hate crime in the slaying of a transgender teen . It was the first time in the nation that a state hate crime statute resulted in a conviction in a transgender person 's murder , the advocacy group Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation said . Seated in the front row of the courtroom , the family of Angie Zapata broke out in tears as the verdicts against Allen Andrade were read Wednesday . The jury deliberated for just under two hours before returning the verdict shortly after 3 p.m. Watch Andrade listen to the verdict " "  I lost somebody so precious , " said Maria Zapata , the victim 's mother . She glanced at Andrade and continued : "  The only thing he ca n't take away is the love and the memories that I have of my baby . My beautiful , beautiful baby . " Andrade spoke just one word . "  No , " he said when asked if he wished to address the court . Judge Marcelo Kopcow then imposed the mandatory sentence for the first-degree murder conviction -- life in prison without parole . Watch Andrade get sentenced to life without parole " The verdict was hailed by gay and transgender rights groups . "  This is a landmark decision , " said Mindy Barton , the legal director of the Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual and Transgender Community Center of Colorado . Barton attended the trial daily . "  Hearing ` guilty on first-degree murder ' and ` guilty of bias-motivated crime ' was a hugely emotional experience for all the family , friends and the supporters of Angie , " Barton added . "  She will not be forgotten . " Andrade admitted killing Zapata , but his defense argued that he acted in the heat of passion after discovering that Zapata was biologically male . The defense asked for a lesser verdict , such as second-degree murder or manslaughter . Throughout the trial , prosecutors referred to Zapata as "  she , " while the defense referred to the transgender teen , who was born Justin Zapata , as "  he . " "  When -LSB- Andrade -RSB- met him , he met him as ` Angie , ' " defense attorney Annette Kundelius argued on Wednesday . "  When he found out it was n't ` Angie , ' that it was ` Justin , ' he lost control . " But the jury rejected the argument , deciding in favor of prosecutors , who argued that Andrade knew Zapata was biologically male and that knowledge motivated the crime . "  This was an ambush attack , " said Chief Deputy District Attorney Robb Miller . "  This was an all-out blitz . " Zapata was "  born in a boy 's body but living as a female , " added Miller . "  Ultimately , she was murdered because of it . " The case has become a rallying point for supporters of the transgender community , who have held vigils and launched Web sites in remembrance of Zapata . They are calling for the inclusion of transgender people in hate crime statutes across the country and at the federal level . Currently , 11 states and the District of Columbia recognize transgender people in their hate crime laws . According to prosecutors , Zapata , 18 , and Andrade , 32 , met online in summer 2008 and arranged to meet . Zapata brought Andrade to her apartment in Greeley , Colorado , where they spent nearly three days together . According to a police affidavit , Zapata was out of the apartment when Andrade noticed photographs that made him "  question victim Zapata 's sex . " Andrade confronted Zapata , who declared , "  I am all woman . " Andrade then grabbed Zapata and discovered male genitalia . According to court records , Andrade told police he began hitting Zapata with his fists , knocking her to the ground . He then grabbed a fire extinguisher and twice hit her in the head . Andrade told police he thought he had "  killed it , " referring to Zapata , and covered her with a blanket . Realizing what he had done , he then cleaned up the crime scene , the affidavit said . Andrade told police he heard "  gurgling " sounds coming from the victim and saw Zapata sitting up . He hit her again with the fire extinguisher , he said , according to the affidavit . Andrade took Zapata 's car and fled . Police discovered the car two weeks later and arrested Andrade . The jury heard jailhouse phone conversations , including Andrade telling a girlfriend "  gay things must die . " He did not testify in his own defense . Zapata was 16 when she adopted the name "  Angie , " and made the decision to live as a woman .	Allen Andrade guilty of murder , bias crime in teen 's slaying Advocates : Case is first conviction in nation for transgender hate crime Case has been closely watched by transgender rights groups
CNN  -- Malcolm Glazer , owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and English soccer club Manchester United , has died aged 85 . The NFL franchise released a statement on their official website announcing Glazer had passed away on Wednesday morning . One of seven children , Glazer assumed control of the Buccaneers in 1995 and they went on to claim their first Super Bowl crown in 2002 . He bought English Premier League team Manchester United in 2005 in a controversial takeover that was heavily criticized by a large section of their fans for loading debt onto the club . Despite this discontent , the club continued to enjoy huge success on the field , winning five Premier League titles and one European Champions League crown under his stewardship . "  The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are saddened to announce the passing of Owner/President Malcolm Glazer earlier this morning at the age of 85 , " read the statement . "  Mr. Glazer 's long established estate succession plan has assured the Buccaneers will remain with the Glazer family for generations to come . "  Linda Glazer , along with their five sons and daughter , will continue to own and operate the team as they have throughout the family 's ownership . " "  A private family funeral service will be held for Mr.Glazer . The opportunity for others to remember and celebrate Mr. Glazer 's life will be announced at a future date . " Glazer took control of his family 's business when he was just 15 , and developed a wide portfolio of international holdings as it grew exponentially . The Buccaneers had been perennial underachievers in the NFL prior to Glazer 's takeover in 1995 but he transformed their fortunes and led them to a maiden Super Bowl title in 2002 . His Glazer Family Foundation , which was established in 1999 , has donated millions to charitable causes in the Tampa Bay area . Glazer suffered a pair of strokes in 2006 , which impaired his speech and affected his mobility in his right arm and right leg . His sons have long been running both the Bucs and United . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell paid tribute to Glazer on his official Twitter account : "  Malcolm Glazer was the guiding force behind the building of a Super Bowl-champion organization , " he said . "  His dedication to the community was evident in all he did , including his leadership in bringing Super Bowls to Tampa Bay . Malcolm 's commitment to the Bucs , the NFL and the people of the Tampa Bay region are the hallmarks of his legacy . " If Glazer was lauded by Bucs fans for his achievements it was a different story in England after his purchase of Manchester United in 2005 . United are one of the world 's richest clubs -- behind Spanish pair Real Madrid and Barcelona in Forbes ' most recent rich list with a value of $ 2.81 billion -- and are one of the globe 's best-supported teams . Glazer had to borrow money to complete his takeover , the deal plunging the club into over $ 1 billion worth of debt overnight , and installed his sons Bryan , Joel and Avram to the board . Protests were widespread , fans burning effigies of Glazer outside the stadium , but despite this animosity United 's success on the pitch endured . Under the stewardship of Alex Ferguson , the club won five English Premier League titles after Glazer 's takeover , as well as the coveted European Champions League crown in 2008 . But their fortunes nosedived after Ferguson retired at the end of the 2013/14 season . His replacement , David Moyes , lasted barely 10 months and was sacked with the club languishing in seventh . Louis Van Gaal will take over after leading Netherlands to the World Cup in Brazil , with the club desperate for a top four finish next season and a return to the lucrative Champions League . A statement on Man Utd 's official website read : "  The thoughts of everyone at Manchester United are with the Glazer family tonight following the news that Malcolm Glazer has passed away . He was 85 . "  The news was announced earlier on the official website of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , the NFL franchise he acquired ownership of in 1995 . "  Malcolm leaves behind his wife Linda , six children and 14 grandchildren . Staff at Manchester United extend deep and sincere condolences to them all at this difficult time . " People we 've lost in 2014	Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies aged 85 Glazer assumed control of NFL team the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1995 The Buccaneers won their first Super Bowl crown in 2002 Despite loading the club with debt Man Utd have maintained their success
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Podcasting saved Kevin Smith 's career . So said the filmmaker  and you can throw a few slashes after that title these days  at the South by Southwest festival here on Monday during a panel called , appropriately , "  The Business of Kevin Smith . " "  I had no idea , but that would become the f -- ing center of everything I 'm doing now , " said Smith , who broke into moves after making 1994 's indie hit "  Clerks " for roughly $ 25,000 . "  The ultimate freedom that allowed me to walk away from the ` heroin ' -LSB- money -RSB- of the movie business -- what gave me the strength to walk away -- was -LSB- expletive -RSB- podcasting . " Smith said he was working on "  Zach and Miri Make a Porno , " which he wrote and directed , when he realized the passion that led him to make movies like "  Dogma " and "  Chasing Amy " was gone . "  For a while I became a filmmaker and for a while a professional director , " he said . "  But I really felt like I 'm an artist . " Smith said he decided to take advantage of his access to celebrities and gift of gab to launch a new project . And he deployed a technique he said has always served him well : do what you love and what you 're good at , then figure out how to make money doing it . And that led to "  SModcast , " a weekly podcast that he and friend/co-producer Scott Mosier launched in 2007 and do to this day . It was free . But as its online audience grew , the opportunities to make money arose . "  People would tweet left and right : ` You put out so many free podcasts ; how can I pay it back ? ' " said Smith , who has more than 2 million followers on Twitter . "  I was like , ` Go buy a T-shirt ' and they were like , ` Cool . ' " Then came paid advertising .  The first sponsor notoriously being adult product Fleshlight  . Then a paid version of the podcast , "  SModcost , " which contains bonus features but no ads . Then he and Mosier took the show on the road , selling out venues and selling merchandise along the way . Smith now heads up a SModcast network of funny and sometimes raunchy Internet radio shows . In a way , the podcasting model is a logical extension for Smith , who took to the Internet early . In the mid - '90s , a friend told him he had to go see a website someone had created for "  Clerks . " Smith had to go to an Internet cafÃ © to view it . And as he admitted Monday , he was n't exactly Web savvy . "  I was like Scotty in ` Star Trek , ' " he said . "  I was like , ` Computer ! Take me to ` Clerks ' ! " Ming Chen , who now appears on Smith 's reality show "  Comic Book Men , " had created the site . Smith quickly hired him to make an official one for his production company , View Askew . Before long , it had a message board with more than 200,000 registered users -- a huge number on the Internet of the '90s -- and it established Smith as one of the first filmmakers with a major online presence . "  In terms of filmmakers , it was me and  "  Lord of the Rings " director  Peter Jackson on the Web , " he said . Then , one day , he said ` I 'm going to get offline and go make classics ' and I was like , ` I 'll stay here . ' "	Kevin Smith : After I lost my passion for film , podcasting saved my career "  Clerks , " "  Dogma " creator speaks at the South by Southwest festival Smith says his "  SModcast " started as a personal project , not a business venture Soon , though , advertising , subscriptions and live tours followed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the Marines shown in a famous World War II photograph raising the U.S. flag on Iwo Jima was posthumously awarded a certificate of U.S. citizenship on Tuesday . The Marine Corps War Memorial in Virginia depicts Strank and five others raising a flag on Iwo Jima . Sgt. Michael Strank , who was born in Czechoslovakia and came to the United States when he was 3 , derived U.S. citizenship when his father was naturalized in 1935 . However , U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services recently discovered that Strank never was given citizenship papers . At a ceremony Tuesday at the Marine Corps Memorial -- which depicts the flag-raising -- in Arlington , Virginia , a certificate of citizenship was presented to Strank 's younger sister , Mary Pero . Strank and five other men became national icons when an Associated Press photographer captured the image of them planting an American flag on top of Mount Suribachi on February 23 , 1945 . Strank was killed in action on the island on March 1 , 1945 , less than a month before the battle between Japanese and U.S. forces there ended . Jonathan Scharfen , the acting director of CIS , presented the citizenship certificate Tuesday . He hailed Strank as "  a true American hero and a wonderful example of the remarkable contribution and sacrifices that immigrants have made to our great republic throughout its history . "	Marine Sgt. Michael Strank was among six who famously raised flag on Iwo Jima Strank , born in Czechoslovakia , became a U.S. citizen after his father was naturalized Strank , killed on Iwo Jima in World War II battle , did n't receive citizenship papers Certificate given to his sister on Tuesday
CNN  -- An FBI agent who was arrested in Pakistan this week after allegedly trying to board a flight with ammunition and knives has been released on bail , police in Pakistan said Thursday . FBI agent Joel Cox was released after paying about $ 10,000 bail in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi , senior police Officer Rao Anwar said . Cox was arrested Monday while trying to board a domestic flight between Karachi and Islamabad . He had 15 9mm bullets , three small knives and a wrench , according to police . The agent was visiting Pakistan as part of an assignment to train local police , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Employees for the FBI and other U.S. agencies are allowed to carry weapons in Pakistan when authorized . Cox is scheduled to appear in court Saturday to face anti-terrorism charges , which restrict unauthorized weapons and ammunition on commercial flights . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States is working with Pakistani authorities to resolve this issue . "  This individual detained is an employee of the FBI who was on a temporary duty assignment to provide routine assistance to the legal attachÃ © at the U.S. mission . But we are coordinating closely to resolve this manner with authorities and we are hopeful in that regard , " Psaki said Wednesday . U.S. officials hope this incident is more easily resolved than the 2011 case of a CIA contractor who was arrested and charged with killing two men . Raymond Davis said that he believed they were trying to rob him . The case inflamed local anti-American sentiment and soured relations until the United States agreed to compensate the families of the two men . Davis was then freed .	The agent was released after paying about $ 10,000 in bail When arrested , he had bullets , small knives and a wrench U.S. , Pakistan working to resolve the issue , State Department spokeswoman says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Barbra Streisand is following in the footsteps of Rihanna and Justin Bieber by creating an Instagram account . The two-time Oscar-winning actress-singer posted her first Instragram photo Wednesday with the message : "  Hello Instagram ... is n't my Samantha just precious ? " Samantha is her dog , a Coton de Tulear that travels with Streisand as she tours the world . The photo shows the pooch sitting with her on a grassy lawn . Streisand announced her new Instagram account through Twitter , which she 's been on for five years : "  Big news ... Barbra has joined @instagram ! " Do n't expect Streisand to try to match Rihanna 's often revealing selfies . Her Twitter pics have been pretty tame , such as one photo of her with Sen. John McCain . Her tweets have not been written in a first-person voice , suggesting she relies on a publicist to handle her social networking . Streisand could learn from how Elizabeth Taylor used Twitter to connect with her fans in the last two years of her life . The legendary actress personally posted tweets on her smart phone , including messages from her hospital bed . "  I like the connection with fans and people who have been supportive of me , " Taylor said when Kim Kardashian asked about Twitter in an interview just before her death in 2011 . "  And I love the idea of real feedback and a two-way street , which is very , very modern . But sometimes I think we know too much about our idols and that spoils the dream . So , like all things , it is to be used with care ! " Twitter , Instagram , Facebook and YouTube have become essential marketing tools for musicians . Billboard magazine publishes a weekly chart -- the Social 50 -- that ranks artists based on their social media movement . The chart has become an important way to measure the success in the industry . CNN first learned about Streisand 's Instagram account through Twitter . Kim and Kanye turn Instagram into wedding album Justin Bieber posts Tom Hanks ' dance moves on Instagram	Samantha is Streisand 's dog , a Coton de Tulear Streisand announces her Instagram account through Twitter Twitter , Instagram , Facebook , YouTube are essential marketing tools for musicians
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Violence echoed across a volatile Pakistani province and an adjacent tribal region on Saturday , with dozens reported killed in the latest military push , a drone strike , and a car bombing targeting a school bus . A Pakistani girl displaced by the military 's offensive against the Taliban rests at a camp Saturday north of the capital . Pakistan 's artillery and airstrikes against Taliban militants in North West Frontier Province left 47 suspected militants dead in operations over the last 24 hours , the military said . "  Security forces are closing in from different directions and have been able to inflict more casualties , " the military said in the daily roundup of its offensive in the Swat district and adjoining regions . The troops have been fighting to oust militants from districts across Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . Forty-five people were killed in various areas of Dir , where four militants were arrested . The military conducted search-and-destroy operations in Shangla district , where they targeted terrorist hideouts and reported the arrest of one militant leader and the death of another . In Swat , the military said it killed a militant commander and were getting closer to the city of Mingora , where they isolated and blocked "  the movement of fleeing terrorists , " amid the sound of intense exchanges of fire . Watch Pakistani troops pound Taliban positions " In the adjacent tribal region , a missile believed fired by a drone overnight struck a madrassa , a religious school , a Pakistani intelligence official said . More than 20 people were killed , according to local and Taliban sources . The strike was near the village of Mir Ali in North Waziristan , one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal regions . The official asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . According to a count by CNN , this is the 16th suspected missile strike in Pakistan this year . Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are American airstrikes on its territory . The U.S. military in Afghanistan has not commented on the strikes , which typically target Taliban fighters in the border region . But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled drones . In Peshawar , at least nine people were killed and 33 hurt Saturday when a car bomb exploded while a school bus passed on a road , local authorities said . The school bus was carrying handicapped children . It is not clear if any of them were killed , but as many as seven were injured . Peshawar is the capital of North West Frontier Province . More than a million people have been displaced in northwestern Pakistan as a result of the two-week-old military offensive with the Taliban , the U.N. refugee agency said Saturday . Antonio Guterres , high commissioner for refugees , said 1,171,682 people have been registered as internally displaced people . These are in addition to the 553,916 displaced people who 've fled eruptions of fighting in the tribal areas and North West Frontier Province since August . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Pakistan military says it killed 47 militants in 24 hours in North West Frontier Province Local sources say 20 killed in suspected U.S. missile strike on religious school Pakistani troops fighting to oust Taliban militants from volatile province In Peshawar , nine killed when a car bomb exploded as school bus passed
The security camera footage broadcast by CNN shows a grisly scene : a black man in Jackson , Mississippi , being fatally run over by a pickup truck after he was viciously beaten in a motel parking lot on a Sunday morning in June . Prosecutors say a group of white teens chose the man at random . They say the alleged ringleader , an 18-year-old now charged with murder , laughed about it afterward and boasted in a phone conversation about how he "  ran that n ----- over . " When we 're confronted with such a shocking act of violence , we search for answers . We want to know what 's in the hearts and minds of the attackers . We wonder what motivates someone to extinguish a life for no other reason than the color of the person 's skin . And , in an odd way , some people take comfort in the fact that it happened in Mississippi , with its legacy of Jim Crow segregation and terrorism aimed at the African-American community . We want to see the crime as simply a reflection of a Deep South state still haunted by its racist past -- something that could n't happen in other parts of this country . It 's wishful thinking . In Patchogue , New York , Marcelo Lucero , a 37-year-old Ecuadorian immigrant , was stabbed to death in 2008 when he was attacked by a gang of white teens who decided to hunt down and attack Latinos for sport -- or as they called it , "  beaner hopping . " In Huntington Beach , California , three men and a woman with white supremacist tattoos went into a predominantly Latino neighborhood on July 3 , 2009 , looking for a "  nonwhite " to hurt . They attacked a Latino man in an alley . Yelling racial slurs , they reportedly stabbed him three times . In West Allis , Wisconsin , the opening night of the state fair this month turned to mayhem when dozens of black youths began attacking white people . A 16-year-old boy detained by police said he and others attacked white people because they were "  easy targets , " according to The Christian Science Monitor . We ca n't pretend that what happened in Mississippi that June morning could n't happen elsewhere . It already has , and it will again . The social fabric in our country is fragile , and the fault lines are often defined by race . Our communities and schools are increasingly segregated . Globalization and our economic woes are leaving many young people without hope for the future . And we 're seeing a backlash against the nation 's changing ethnic makeup . All of this provides fertile ground for bigotry and violence to take root and flourish . Meanwhile , our political system seems paralyzed , incapable of protecting the interests of working people , much less pulling us together . Messages of hate and bigotry can be found not only on the fringes of our society but virtually nonstop on television , talk radio and the Internet , where certain groups of people are demonized and held up as scapegoats for our problems . Too many of our politicians pour fuel on the fire by exploiting divisions in our society -- fostering an us-versus-them mentality and casting entire groups of people as "  the other . " Despite the promise of the Obama presidency , it 's time to realize we 're not living in a "  post-racial " society . It 's time to speak out against bigotry and to call out those in public life who encourage hate and violence with their words . And it 's time to invest in the future of our nation and its youth -- to provide hope and opportunity to the next generation . Our future depends on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of J. Richard Cohen .	A black man was killed in what prosecutors called a racially motivated attack in Mississippi J. Richard Cohen : Such incidents are n't just a Southern problem , but they are national in scope He says America 's social fabric is fragile , and fault lines are defined by race and ethnicity Cohen : It 's vital to invest in young generation and provide hope to counter power of hatred
EW.com  -- A drama pilot in development for ABC this fall will reunite Jennifer Beals with the creator/executive producer of "  The L Word , " the drama she starred in at Showtime . Ilene Chaiken will serve as the showrunner for "  Venice , " a sudsy drama pilot from McG about two rival families who live in the California city , Deadline reports . Chaiken was a co-creator of The L Word , which aired on the pay network from 2004-09 . Beals will play the matriarch of one of the families in the drama pilot , which McG will direct . Beals last appeared in Fox 's "  The Mob Doctor " and "  The Chicago Code . " Chris Harrison 's ` Bachelor ' blog For more about ABC 's development roster for fall , as well as what 's up at the other nets , here is our master list . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A pilot in development for ABC will reunite Jennifer Beals with "  L Word " creator Ilene Chaiken will serve as the showrunner for "  Venice " "  Venice " is a sudsy drama about two rival families who live in the California city
CNN  -- Dan Hyatt 's wife , Shelley , had been worried for a while by the time he hit 337 pounds . Her husband had a short fuse and a bad attitude because he hated the way he looked and felt . He was on multiple medications for high blood pressure and used a CPAP machine at night to treat his sleep apnea . She tried to dance around the problem , but she was afraid of becoming a widow . "  A couple times I said something like , ` How much life insurance do you have ? ' " she said . "  I was afraid if I said , ` I 'm afraid you 're going to die , ' that would make it come true . " On January 13 , 2012 , Hyatt crawled to the top of a tower at the plastics plant where he worked , doubled over and struggled to catch his breath . That was when it finally hit him -- if he did n't lose weight , he might not live to see his three daughters graduate college , get married or have children of their own . Read Dan Hyatt 's story on CNN iReport Heavy all his life from poor eating habits and little exercise , Hyatt had lost weight before only to gain it all back . So this time , he did n't set a weight loss goal . He gave himself a bigger challenge : Compete in an Ironman triathlon in five years or less . Arguably the world 's most grueling endurance race , the Ironman consists of a 2.4-mile swim , a 112-mile bicycle ride and a marathon 26.2-mile run with no break . "  I ca n't explain how my logic works , but I just decided , if I try to run the Ironman , even if I do n't get there , I 'm going to lose the weight and I 'm going to get fit , " said the 44-year-old from Ottawa , Illinois . Eight months later , Hyatt had completed his first triathlon , run his first marathon and lost nearly 100 pounds . To date , he has lost 135 pounds and 12 inches off his waist by working out 12 to 14 hours per week -- swimming , running , cycling and doing yoga -- and sticking with a fairly rigid diet . "  I love the fact that I 've done what I 've done , but it pales in comparison to what I want to do , " he said . Cruel taunts in childhood Hyatt was overweight as a child . He remembers the other kids calling him "  Moby Dick " and yelling , "  There she blows . " Sports were n't his thing . He liked to swim , but the only time he went jogging was when his concerned parents would make him run around the block to try to help him lose weight . That just brought him more shame and ridicule . "  I 'd have people I did n't even know yell names at me -- ` Here comes the fat boy running . ' " But decades later , when he laid down the Ironman gauntlet , there was no turning back . Follow Dan 's journey to the Ironman on Facebook He did n't tell his wife at first . The Monday morning after his January 2012 epiphany , he snuck out of bed and got to the YMCA when it opened at 5:30 a.m. . He texted his wife something like : "  I just went for a swim . " "  I 'm like , what ? What are you talking about ? You do n't just go for a swim in the middle of January , " she said . As the months went on , she got a clearer picture . "  At first it was just the swimming , and then he comes home and goes , ` I 'm going to do a Couch-to-5K . ' And then , ` I 'm going to take up cycling , ' and he signed up for a cycling class . And then he said , ` I 'm going to do the Ironman . ' " The workouts escalated slowly . During the first month , Hyatt swam four mornings a week , adding a couple laps every other day until he got to a mile . After a couple weeks , he signed up for a weekly spinning class . When he joined up with some people starting the Couch-to-5K nine-week training program for beginner runners , he was still more than 300 pounds and breathing so heavily that the other joggers would ask if he was OK . But he made it to every run , three days a week . He finished his first 5K in 39 minutes and 56 seconds . From there , it was onto a 10K . Learning to ignore his detractors Dealing with naysayers was the hardest part . In the beginning , people told him he 'd destroy his knees . He was too big to be running , they said . When he had n't lost all the weight , some people even accused him of lying about swimming a whole mile or running six . He said his wife and two friends were the only ones who believed in him . A nutritionist helped Hyatt balance his diet around running and cycling . He sticks to whole grains , lean meats , fruits and vegetables and tries to eat a combination of 55 % carbohydrates , 30 % fat and 15 % protein , per her recommendation . If the family goes to a Chinese restaurant , he orders steamed chicken and rice with the sauce on the side . He treats himself to a Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich most days , and if he 's training for a marathon , he 'll eat a few slices of pizza . In September 2012 , he ran a half marathon , and later that month , a triathlon . A couple months later , he did a full marathon . This past July , he completed a half Ironman , his proudest accomplishment so far . Swimming 1.2 miles in Lake Michigan was "  like swimming in a washing machine , " and as he swallowed water and felt his chest tighten , he seriously contemplated dropping out of the race . But he kept going . "  When you get to that finish line ... it brought tears to my eyes , " he said . "  At the same time , it was a stark reality that I 'm only at half of where I need to be . " Early to rise : A disciplined regime No one doubts him now . He wakes up at 3 a.m. on weekdays to run , swim and strength train before he leaves for work at 6 a.m. On weekends , he 's usually up by 6 a.m. to cycle . When the family travels , his first call is to find the nearest YMCA with a pool . He weighs 202 pounds , about 20 pounds from his goal weight . He has gotten off two blood pressure medications , sleeps better and is a much more pleasant person to be around , his wife reports . "  Nobody would ever say anything to me anymore , " he said . "  I 'm way more fit than the average person these days , and I 'm proud of that . And I 'm not going to quit . " Hyatt is saving money for the $ 625 entry fee required to participate in the Louisville Ironman in August . And he wo n't be stopping there . After the Ironman , he 's got his sights set on ultramarathons , trail running and the Boston Marathon  to qualify , he 'd need to shave more than an hour off his current time  . He also wants to win a race . "  The human body is capable of so much more than you can fathom if you have the mental fortitude to put past the artificial limits that your brain places on it , " he said . "  The harder it sounds or the more challenging it is , the more appealing it is to me . " Shelley no longer worries how much life insurance they have , though she does wonder when he 'll be home from his long runs or bike rides . On the upside , he cooks dinner for the family nearly every night to make sure the food is prepared healthily . "  There are time when I 'm like , ` Oh my gosh , I ca n't believe you 're doing this ; I ca n't believe how insane I am to let you do this , ' " she said . But , ultimately , she said , "  I 'm so happy and so thankful because he 's adding years to his life . " Update , Nov. 4 , 2013 : After learning about Hyatt 's story , the Ironman organization waived his entry fee for the Louisville race . Hyatt has committed to give back by raising money for childhood obesity . He has set a goal of raising $ 5,000 by August 24 . Visit his Ironman page to learn more .	Dan Hyatt went from 337 pounds to 202 pounds Rather than set a weight loss goal , he trained for an Ironman Though he 's already come a long way , "  I 'm not going to quit , " he says Do you have a weight loss story ? Share it with CNN iReport
CNN  -- We often walk past them without a second thought , but most murals tell a story about the communities in which they live . And yet , as features of our public spaces , they mean something different to each of us when we view them through our own individual filters . For our first CNN Instagram community assignment we invited followers to photograph murals or street art in their communities and tell us about them . We were thrilled to see more than 300 submissions from all over the world and hear the many stories behind them . Below are just a few highlights . Check out all of the submissions by searching the #CNNMuralStories tag in Instagram . Erica Firpo : Rome , Italy Erica Firpo captured the latest mural by renowned Italian street artists Sten and Lex , whose stencil art has appeared in cities worldwide . This mural on the side of a building in Rome 's Garbatella neighborhood was completed in December . "  This abstract landscape  a deviation from their usual pointillist portrait  was entirely locally crowd-funded and chosen by the neighborhood to be a permanent public work , blurring the lines between street and fine art , " Firpo noted . Ragheeb Faatih Moazzem : Chittagong Port , Bangladesh Ragheeb Faatih Moazzem 's Instagram depicts a portrait of 20th century Bengali statesman Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , leader of the movement that led to the independence of Bangladesh from Pakistan in 1971 . Rahman later became the first president of the Bengali state . Found on a wall near Chittagong , the country 's largest seaport , the portrait commemorates a historic speech by Rahman that called for liberation from Pakistan , Moazzem said in his Instagram post . "  If it had n't been for Bangabandu  friend of Bengal  Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and his historical and emotional speech , we would to this day be the victims of oppression and torture . We are forever in his debt . " Jorge Quinteros : Brooklyn , New York Jorge Quinteros came upon this work in progress in Brooklyn . The artists told him they 'd been working on this mural of Nelson Mandela for three days . They told him that they owned the wall and typically used it as advertising space . "  We had a little spare time from work and we wanted to pay tribute to this amazing man . " Kimber Kirton : Miami , Florida Kimber Kirton documented a mural created this year by Evoca1 for 2013 Art Basel Miami Beach . The South Florida-based artist aims to "  merge art and humanity together for a timeless collection " through his art and Sketches for Mankind , a collective whose work includes outreach to Miami 's homeless population . This mural is based on sketches the artist created from photographs of two homeless men . Word has it that the artist brings his subjects to the completed walls and shows them these beautiful interpretations , Kirton said . "  I can only imagine their emotional response , for even mine changed when I took a second glance at it after learning its backstory . " Julian Castaneda : Uppsala , Sweden Jullian Castandea showed off his pride in his small city in Uppsala , Sweden , and its coffee roasting plant "  Lindvalls Kaffe . " Located near the plant , the mural proudly proclaims "  En BÃ ¶ nas VÃ $ g , " which means "  The Road Of The Bean , " Castaneda said . "  We may be a little city , but at least we can be proud to say that the best coffee -- ` Lindvalls Kaffe ' -- is done right here . " Mike Gutkin : New York , New York Mike Gutkin captured an authentic 20-foot section of The Berlin Wall in its current residence in a plaza in Midtown New York . Commercial real estate developer Tishman Speyer acquired the graffiti-sprayed wall in the 1990s . It "  was crazy standing next to this awesome piece of history , " Gutkin said . Emily Rippe : Toledo , Ohio Emily Rippe documented the Carter family in front of a mural in Toledo , Ohio , known as "  Juleeon 's mural . " This public art is the result of a partnership between Art Corner Toledo and Food for Thought , a social justice organization dedicated to feeding the hungry . "  The Carters are just one of many families combating hunger on a daily basis . Amidst the struggle , 11-year-old Juleeon maintains a smile that could span the Midwest . His mural stands for hope and change in cities and towns across the county , " Rippe said . Jeremiah Cowan : Atlanta , Georgia Jeremiah Cowan captured this piece by Atlanta muralist HENSE on the side of Westside Cultural Arts Space building . "  This mural inspires me because of its pop of color in a gray area of town . I feel like this mural brings life to the Atlanta community , " he said . Keith Weaver : Atlanta , GA Keith Weaver met Kenny , an Atlanta resident , while exploring historic Auburn Avenue , the home of Martin Luther King . Jr. . He has lived in Atlanta longer than Weaver has been alive . They talked about Kenny 's life , the history of the area and the community played in the civil rights movement of the 1960s . Weaver took his portrait in front of a wall created by artist JR that commemorates the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington . "  This wall and this portrait remind me of the struggle citizens of my country went through for equality , opportunity , and freedom , " Weaver said .	Photographers share stories of their favorite murals for CNN 's first Instagram challenge Murals pay tribute to political leaders , social justice movements , coffee shops Mural in Toledo , Ohio , of boy laughing "  stands for hope and change , " Instagrammer says
Hatay , Turkey  CNN  -- Two dolphins who were rescued from a filthy pool at a Turkish tourism resort were released back into the wild this week after years in captivity . So far , the male dolphins have exceeded their trainers ' expectations : Within 48 hours , satellite transmitters showed that Tom and Misha had traveled more than 100 miles , and they were observed hunting fish as a team and interacting with other wild dolphins . "  It 's unbelievable to see them travel this hard and fast , " said Jeff Foster , a Seattle-based sea mammal expert who oversaw the dolphins ' rehabilitation and preparation for release into the wild . "  The assumption is they 're going back to the area that they were a pod in . They 're definitely on a mission , " Foster said . Foster spoke to CNN by telephone from a sailboat in the Aegean Sea , where he and his team have been tracking the animals ' progress with the help of transmitters attached to the dolphins ' dorsal fins . Because of bad weather , the team has n't been able to keep direct contact with the dolphins since their release Wednesday , although they are still able to track them via satellite . Foster suspects the dolphins are racing back to the waters around the Turkish city of Izmir where they were initially believed to be captured years ago . Tom and Misha are part of an expensive , ambitious and risky program sponsored by the UK-based Born Free Foundation , which is aiming to prove that captive dolphins can be reintroduced to the wild . For more than a year , Foster and his team worked in a quiet cove on the Aegean , teaching the two dolphins how to catch their own food . He said the intensive training was necessary to get the dolphins ready to fend for themselves . "  It would be like taking your dog and releasing it into the woods , " Foster said . "  If you do n't prepare your dog for that , it would never happen . " When Foster first met these dolphins more than a year ago , he said they would eat only if humans placed dead fish directly in their mouths . "  We had literally thousands of fish in the pen , and they just would n't look at them , " Foster said . "  They had just been so used to being hand-fed in a captive situation that they did not recognize fish as a food source . " Foster has prior experience with another high-profile release program that ultimately ended in failure . He worked in Iceland more than 10 years ago as part of a multimillion-dollar effort to prepare the killer whale Keiko from the movie "  Free Willy " for release back into the wild . Less than a year after his release , Keiko died off the coast of Norway . But Foster said he believes Tom and Misha stand a much better chance of survival . "  These animals have n't been in captivity as long as Keiko . Keiko was held in captivity for more than 20 years . He was held as a solitary animal for many of those years , " Foster said . Tom and Misha are each estimated to be around 12 years old , after initially being caught in the Aegean Sea five or six years ago . "  They 've probably spent the majority of their life out in the wild , " Foster said . "  Because we 're dealing with two males , you can develop competition feeding with them ... they 're ideal candidates for reintroduction back into the wild . " Tom and Misha first attracted the attention of wildlife conservation activists in 2010 . At the time , they were being kept at a Turkish resort where tourists paid to swim with the dolphins in a shallow , filthy swimming pool . "  The pool in Hisaronu , Turkey , where Tom and Misha had spent the summer months of 2010 had such a high bacterial count ... that it was a significant health hazard to the dolphins and for the unsuspecting tourists who paid to swim with them , " wrote Shirley Galligan , a representative of the Born Free Foundation , in an e-mail to CNN . "  The water was filthy with feces and dead fish and a layer of ` sludge ' at the bottom . " According to Born Free , a nonprofit conservation group based in the United Kingdom , the dolphins were underweight and listless and would not have survived much longer in the pool , which "  having been hastily constructed , was in danger of collapse from subsidence . " A coalition of environmental groups successfully campaigned to rescue the animals and transport them in the back of a truck to a sea pen in the Aegean . In the final days before their release , Foster and his team attached specially designed transmitters to Tom and Misha . The tags , which are about the size of a cell phone , broadcast the dolphins ' location via satellite and VHF radio . The sponsors of the program admit there is no guarantee of success . "  There have only been a handful of reintroduction programmes with mixed results , " Galligan wrote . "  Returning any captive wild animal to the wild is never without risk . " One of the few successful cetacean reintroductions on record involved an orphaned female orca named Springer . Foster was a member of the team that helped rehabilitate the emaciated animal and eventually reintroduce her to a pod of related killer whales off of Canada 's Pacific Coast a decade ago . She has reportedly survived and thrived in those waters ever since . Michael Moore , a marine mammal expert at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , predicted major challenges for Tom and Misha . "  Can they break the bond with humans , and can they create a bond with other -LSB- wild -RSB- dolphins ? " he asked , in a phone interview with CNN . "  The irony is that if these animals do get released into the wild , it 's a big , bad world out there and they will have to learn how not to get entangled in fishing gear . " According to Moore , Tom and Misha 's release will have virtually no impact on the world 's wild dolphin population , which faces an onslaught from industrial fishing nets , decimated fish stocks and polluted seas . But he and other dolphin experts say successful reintroduction could increase biodiversity awareness in Turkey and set an important example for the multibillion-dollar captive marine mammal entertainment industry . There has been a rapid increase in the number of "  dolphinariums " and "  swim-with-dolphin " programs cropping up across Turkey over the last decade . "  Turkey , being a very popular and beautiful holiday destination , is sadly responding to the public demand for that ` dolphin experience ' by providing more captive dolphin facilities than anywhere else in Europe , " wrote Born Free 's Galligan . "  Conditions in general are very poor . " Born Free did not publicly announce the day of Tom and Misha 's release in order to protect them from curious onlookers . On Wednesday , after divers peeled away the last barrier separating the dolphins from freedom , the pair initially hesitated . "  They sat in the pen for 15 to 20 minutes after we opened the gate . These guys are cautious animals , " Foster said . Eventually , trainers gave them a hand cue to leave . Underwater video filmed by scuba divers shows Tom slowly turning and leaving the sea pen . Misha then sped off after him . Within hours , the Born Free team photographed Misha flipping large local fish called mullet out of the water . And then , they witnessed strange behavior from a dolphin rolling on the surface . It took some time to identify the animal by its dorsal fin . "  It was totally completely different dolphin ! " Foster said . "  A single dolphin that was interacting with Misha . Within the first four or five hours after we let them out , they were pursuing fish and interacting with wild dolphins . It was everything and more than we expected . " Despite initial encouraging behavior , Born Free is not yet celebrating . "  We must remain cautious , " the organization announced on its website . "  There is still a way to go before we know 100 per cent that Tom and Misha have readapted fully to life back in the wild . "	Two dolphins were returned to the wild , after 5 to 6 years in captivity Trainers are tracking the dolphins , and they are doing well Two years ago , the dolphins were the main attraction at a run-down Turkish tourist park Lead trainer Jeff Foster worked to help release Keiko , the orca from the 1993 movie "  Free Willy "
Oscar Pistorius denied he picked on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , his murder trial heard Thursday , as the chief prosecutor sought to portray the track star as an arrogant hothead who is reckless with guns . In a second day of blunt and aggressive questioning , prosecutor Gerrie Nel accused the double amputee of blaming other people for his mistakes , as he sought to prove the Olympic and Paralympic athlete murdered Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year . Nel began by picking apart message exchanges between the couple , accusing the runner of screaming at his girlfriend and acting selfishly toward her . "  I did n't treat her badly , " Pistorius replied . Asked if Steenkamp had lied when she said he picked on her incessantly , Pistorius replied : "  She never lied . " He later added : "  Reeva was never scared of me . " Nel highlighted an incident in which Steenkamp complained in a message that Pistorius asked her to stop chewing gum . He also read a message in which she defended herself against Pistorius ' accusations that she flirted at a party . "  You were strong enough in that relationship to say stop your voices , stop your accents , stop chewing gum , " Nel said . But Pistorius replied he gently told her to stop chewing gum before they got on camera at an event . Nel said Pistorius never responded to Steenkamp 's message in which she said , "  I 'm the girl who fell in love with you . " "  We did a search ... the phrase ' I love you ' appears twice on her phone , to her mother , " the prosecutor said . "  Because it was all about Mr. Pistorius , " Nel said . The athlete said he never got the opportunity to tell Steenkamp he loved her . ` You will blame anybody but yourself ' In his second day of cross-examination , Pistorius faced persistent questions about what happened on the night he shot Steenkamp . Nel said Pistorius ' version of events on the night of the killing "  is a lie " and accused him of "  adapting " events to suit his account . The runner recounted waking up during the night and getting out of bed to close the doors to a balcony , shut the curtains and move fans into the room . Steenkamp is then thought to have gotten out of bed , but the athlete said he was unable to see her because he had his back turned and the room was dark . Pistorius insisted again that the shooting was an accident and he did not intentionally fire four shots . Nel , with a reputation as one of South Africa 's toughest attorneys , has sought to portray Pistorius as negligent with firearms . "  You will blame anybody but yourself , " he said to the 27-year-old , cross-examining him about a separate incident in which Pistorius is accused of firing a pistol in a restaurant in January 2013 . Pistorius said the gun was given to him by a friend under a restaurant table and went off by itself as he tried "  to make it safe . " He had wanted to see the gun but conceded he had n't checked the magazine first . Police Capt. Christian Mangena gave evidence earlier in the trial , saying the weapon could fire only if the trigger was pulled . The athlete said he could not explain how the gun went off , and he questioned the decision of his own defense lawyer , Barry Roux , not to cross-examine Mangena on his evidence . "  Now you blame counsel Mr. Roux , " Nel said . Pistorius , the most composed he has been in days , said he repeatedly took the blame for the incident , but the prosecutor tried to poke holes in his declaration . "  This is incredible . You never touched the trigger , the gun went off . You took the blame , you took responsibility , but no one remembers , " Nel said . Pistorius also said two witnesses , an ex-girlfriend and a friend , were lying about an incident in which the runner is alleged to have fired his gun out the sunroof of a car . And he said he was n't guilty of a fourth charge against him : illegal possession of ammunition found in a safe in his home after Steenkamp 's death . "  You just do n't want to accept responsibility for anything , " Nel told Pistorius , whose answers to the accusations were short denials . ` You shot and killed her . Say it ' A day before , a defiant Nel bluntly barked at the Olympic star on the stand : "  You shot and killed her . Say it -- ' I shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp , ' " No one disputes that Pistorius killed Steenkamp . But the prosecution is trying to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he did so knowingly and intentionally . The runner has admitted to the killing , but he said he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder in the bathroom when he fired through the door and killed her . Before Nel went after Pistorius , Roux had tossed his client a question to drive that argument home . He asked Pistorius if he intentionally killed Steenkamp . "  I did not intend to kill Reeva or anybody else for that matter , " he replied . In a dramatic opening to his cross-examination Wednesday , Nel shocked the Pretoria court when he confronted Pistorius with a graphic photograph of Steenkamp showing the side and back of her skull , her hair matted with blood . Pistorius broke down and sobbed as Nel pushed him repeatedly to take responsibility for her killing . Pistorius has told the court what he remembered from the night Steenkamp died . The prosecution alleges Pistorius killed his girlfriend after they argued . Only those in the courtroom can see Pistorius because he has chosen not to testify on camera . His testimony can be heard on an audio feed . ` I 'm obsessed with looking at him ' Earlier , the athlete said he would like to meet Steenkamp 's parents to apologize . "  I do n't think they will ever want to meet me , " he said . "  I am terribly sorry that I took the life of their daughter . " Steenkamp 's mother , June , has sat in court throughout Pistorius ' four days on the stand . In an interview with the UK 's Mirror newspaper , she said she was still trying to decide whether the sprinter was acting as he defended himself . "  I look at Oscar the whole time , to see how he is coping , how he is behaving . I 'm obsessed with looking at him , it 's just instinctive , I ca n't explain it , " she said . "  I keep thinking , ` let me see how he 's taking this . ' He has been very dramatic , the vomiting and crying . " Talking about Pistorius ' apology this week , she said : "  It left me unmoved . I knew it was coming . My lawyers had prepared me for it . " "  I cried for the first time , ` Yes , ' but not because he apologized , because of the suffering and agony that my darling daughter went through and because I will never have her again . " The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	"  Reeva was never scared of me , " Oscar Pistorius tells court Prosecutor questions Pistorius about restaurant gunshot incident Prosecutor Gerrie Nel cross-examines Pistorius for a second day The prosecution has gone through messages between Pistorius and Steenkamp
CNN  -- A Texas inmate who escaped last week -- on foot even though he was thought to need a wheelchair -- has been recaptured , the U.S. Marshals Service said Monday . Arcade Comeaux Jr. , 49 , was carrying two loaded pistols when he was arrested without incident at 7:40 a.m. at a business in Houston , Texas , said U.S. Deputy Marshal Alfredo Perez . " -LSB- Comeaux -RSB- was cold , wet , tired and hungry . He had had enough , " Perez said . "  He was tired of running . " The arrest was made by two Houston police officers responding to a suspicious-person call about a man who matched Comeaux 's description . Comeaux was sitting in the lobby a northeast Houston business , apparently in search of warmth and shelter , when officers approached , according to Houston officer Adrian Rodriguez . "  As soon as we saw him , we knew it was him , " Rodriguez said at a news conference Monday afternoon . Comeaux was serving three life sentences when he escaped on November 30 while being transferred by two armed guards from Huntsville to Stiles . He produced a weapon and forced the two correctional officers to drive instead to Baytown , near Houston , where he handcuffed them together in the back of the van , took their weapons and one of their uniforms and ran away , officials said . Perez said authorities have n't confirmed whether the two pistols found on Comeaux Monday are the guards ' weapons , "  but they look to be the same . " Perez said the marshals service had fielded hundreds of calls of sightings by citizens over the past week , and were responding to a Crimestoppers tip in the same area when they saw Comeaux taken into police custody . More than $ 30,000 in reward money had been posted by law enforcement agencies for information leading to his arrest . Comeaux was being transported Monday afternoon back into the custody of the Texas prison system , Perez said . Comeaux , who was on the marshals ' list of 15 most-wanted fugitives , was serving time for aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon when he escaped . The 6-foot , 200-pound man was shackled and in a wheelchair , which he had said was needed for mobility , according to Michelle Lyons , director of public information for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in Huntsville . Some 45 minutes into the transfer trip , as they were driving through Conroe , 40 minutes north of Houston , the prisoner pulled out a pistol and ordered the guards to drive south to Baytown . He fired once , but hit no one , officials said . Law enforcement officers found the unharmed officers an hour later . Comeaux was being transferred so he could be near a hospital in Galveston for treatment of the supposed paralysis he had suffered during a reported stroke , officials said . Comeaux 's criminal record dates back more than three decades . In 1979 , he received three 10-year sentences for rape of a child , aggravated rape of a child , and burglary of a building with the intent to commit theft , all in Harris County . He was released on mandatory supervision in 1983 , but he was returned to prison in 1984 after being convicted of indecency with a child and sentenced to 20 years . In June 1991 , he was released on mandatory supervision but returned as a violator four months later . Paroled in December 1993 , he was returned as a parole violator a year later . In February 1996 , he was again paroled , but was returned to prison in June 1998 with a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault . Though he had been in prison since , his criminal record did n't end . In July 1999 , he used his wheelchair to pin his wife against a wall during a contact visit and stabbed her 17 times with a homemade knife , said John Moriarty , inspector general of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . He also stabbed another prison visitor who tried to intervene ; both victims survived . For that , Comeaux was convicted on two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and received two additional life sentences . He now will face additional felony charges . His escape led the legislator whose committee oversees Texas ' criminal justice system to call for a shakeup of the prison system . "  We just ca n't have security breaches of this nature , " said Sen. John Whitmire , a Democrat from Houston who is chairman of the state Senate 's Criminal Justice Committee . Moriarty said such lapses are highly unusual in the state 's penal system . "  We have no open gun investigations other than this one , " he said . "  The last one was several years ago . "	NEW : Arcade Comeaux Jr. was "  cold , wet , tired and hungry , " official says NEW : Police say Comeaux had two pistols , was captured without incident Comeaux escaped last week while being transported between prisons He escaped on foot although he was supposedly paralyzed , officials say
CNN  -- It 's been more than 20 years since he fought in a sandpit , but Lone Chaw still recalls the dusty village lots of his youth , unmarked except for footprints stained by sweat and blood . Stamping about in a ritual known as "  lat kha maung , " he slaps his open palms against his elbows , imitating the wings of a fighting cock , as if attempting to summon its spirit . Lat kha maung is performed before the matches as a kind of ritual that originated in farming villages . This is the way of Lethwei -- Myanmar 's traditional form of boxing . Hidden from the rest of the world for decades , the sport , like Myanmar itself , is experiencing a revival and rediscovery both at home and abroad . In August , the Woodlands Sports Hall in Singapore hosted an international bare-knuckled Lethwei challenger fight . Similar events in Bangkok have helped usher in a new era for Lethwei . Fighters turned trainers Once derided as a sport fit for only rugged brutes -- Lone Chaw required eight stitches in his face after a fight at age 17 -- Lethwei is finding new respect at the Thut Ti Myanmar Lethwei Club in Yangon . Here , Lone Chaw teaches introductory lessons to a stratum of society distinctly different from the fierce yet humble fighters he grew up facing in the Ayeyarwady Delta region . His students are local doctors , foreign investment bankers and even Myanmar celebrities , including advertisement pinup Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi . "  Two years ago , foreigners began coming here , " says Win Zin Oo , founder and director of the gym . "  Today the Lethwei classes are , on average , half foreign and half local . " Weekend classes can attract up to 10 students , he says . The boxing club is especially proud of having trained a headline-making Lethwei fighter from the UK , "  Mr. Hammer " Sean Bardoe . During a fight in 2013 , Bardoe , 44 , displayed a "  mental and physical toughness , " according to Mr. Win , that won over the crowd and landed him a draw in the ring . But those interested in taking up the sport do n't have to have professional aspirations . "  The workout for extreme pro fighters may not be appropriate for starters so we use a more simplified form for our students , " says Mr. Win , who by day is the Humanitarian and Emergency Affairs Director for World Vision , an American NGO . Mr. Win  as he prefers to be called  is Mickey to Lone Chaw 's Rocky . He coached the Golden Belt freeweight champion until the fighter 's retirement . One of Mr. Win 's fondest memories of coaching was Lone Chaw 's first fight in Japan , 10 years ago . Competing under Lethwei rules , a local jujitsu star went up against the then-29-year-old Lone Chaw . Lone Chaw took him down in less than a minute , leaving the Nagasaki crowd astonished . "  They watched a country boy KO his opponent in the first round , unexpectedly , " Mr. Win recalls with pride . Fewer kicks , higher intensity At Thut Ti Gym , Lone Chaw and Mr. Win now work as tag-team instructors , offering training sessions for 5,000 kyat  $ 5  per person . The setting is typical of the improvised simplicity familiar across Myanmar . An iron-wrought roof and plastic tarps are all that shield the gym from the elements . Novices practice agility by bouncing on tires . The modest ring vibrates with energy every Saturday , when practitioners spar . Though it bears some resemblance to the Muay Thai practiced in neighboring Thailand , Lethwei is different in a number of ways . "  In Muay Thai , kicks and knee strikes prevail , but Lethwei fighters use more punches and fewer kicks , " explains Mr. Win . "  Traditionally , Lethwei fighters do n't fight with gloves , and we use a lot of other components such as throwing , choking and head butts . At a more elemental level , the momentum and fighting intensity are much faster . " Bare-knuckled fighting Watching matches , that momentum becomes evident . Strikes are uncompromisingly fierce . Knockouts come quickly . "  There are no five or six rounds in Lethwei , " says James Ko , a 30-year-old private equity professional from Hong Kong , now living in Yangon . "  Fundamentally , it 's a bare-knuckled sport . "  If you get close and elbow -LSB- your opponent -RSB- once , then you got him . It 's really about that one blow . " In its traditional form , Lethwei is "  fought with bare knuckles bound by cloth , " says Mr. Win . Boxing gloves are a recent development . As part of its current revival and reform period , contemporary mixed martial arts matches incorporating Lethwei fighters tend to enforce the use of gloves . "  Myanmar Lethwei fighters never put on gloves until now , " says Mr. Win . Still , the old sandpit spirit perseveres . Having previously trained under Muay Thai rules , James Ko has over the past year become one of the most dedicated foreign attendees at Thut Ti Gym . Above all , he says he 's learned that in Lethwei , self-defense is crucial . "  Before taking up Lethwei , I did n't realize I was so unprotected , " says Ko . "  If you wear a 14-ounce -LSB- boxing -RSB- glove , your chin is protected , but when you are in a Lethwei fight it 's much easier -LSB- for your opponent -RSB- to make contact , so you must be more on guard . " It 's a lesson an increasingly diverse array of students is learning in Yangon and across Asia . Thut Ti Myanmar Lethwei Club , Kabaraye Pagoda Road , Yangon ; +95 9 731 87441 ; about $ 5 per session  5,000 kyat In Asia since 2006 , Justin Calderon 's work has been featured in The New York Times , Newsweek  Japan  , CNN Travel , Global Post , Borneo Post and The Nation  Bangkok  .	Ignored for decades , Myanmar 's traditional boxing form of Lethwei is experiencing a revival Former champ now teaches foreign investment bankers and local celebs Lethwei fighters use punches , throws , choking and head butts In its traditional form , Lethwei is fought with bare knuckles bound by cloth
A cadre of top Obama administration information technology officials told Congress on Wednesday that improvements have been made to the problem-plagued HealthCare.gov portal and more are on the way in coming weeks as enrollment in Obamacare was far below what was first anticipated . The administration experts warned the website would "  not be perfect " on November 30 , when the White House has promised it would be running smoothly for most users . Administration : Site wo n't be perfect on Nov. 30 Source : Nov. deadline possible At a hearing on the website , House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa asked White House Chief Technology Officer Todd Park if the Obamacare website "  will work " by month 's end ? Park did not answer yes or no . He said the team assembled to fix it "  is working incredibly hard to meet that goal . " But White House spokesperson Jay Carney told reporters shortly afterward the website overhaul is "  on track " for the site to be working smoothly for the "  vast majority " of consumers by the deadline . The website is the primary federal portal for people to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare . Some states have separate web-based systems for consumers to register as well . Capacity , enrollment fall short Since it 's troubled launch on October 1 when it could not perform the basic functions it was envisioned to do , Park said HealthCare.gov has increased capacity and is now able to handle up to 25,000 users on the site per hour . Additionally , 17,000 are able to register on the website each hour . Although improved , it is still far short of the administration 's goal of increasing capacity to at least 50,000 people per hour . Obamacare promises : Where things stand On signing up , only 26,794 people have completed the enrollment process for health care coverage through the federal insurance marketplace , including HealthCare.gov , Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters on a conference call . In addition , 79,391 have enrolled for coverage through separate state-based exchanges . Obamacare 's first month : 106,000 signed up Map : Enrollment numbers The government reported that nearly 27 million unique users have visited either HealthCare.gov or state exchange sites since enrollment began on October 1 -- 19.5 million of those to the federal site . Park is one of several government IT officers who testified at the 4 1/2 - hour Oversight hearing . In the first hour , both Park and Henry Chao , deputy chief information officer for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , called the problems with the website "  unacceptable . " At times , the question-and-answer session before the Republican-led panel became contentious , not only between witnesses and members of Congress but also between lawmakers . Democrats have accused Issa of over-politicizing the issue . One testy exchange involved Issa and Democrat Rep. Jim Cooper , who likened the hearing to a kangaroo court . Issa shot back . "  This is not a partisan hearing . I will not have it accused of a partisan hearing , " Issa said . Cooper then said , "  This is a hearing on a broken website by a broken committee . " During his opening statement , Issa said HealthCare.gov "  was n't a small mistake . " He said it went "  live and effectively exploded on the launch pad . " "  The President should have known , " Issa added , "  They were n't ready . They were n't close to ready . " Rep. James Lankford , R-Oklahoma , demonstrated the website 's continuing problems by holding up his iPad and saying he had been trying to use the site for about an 90 minutes . But when he hit the "  create account " button , it did n't take him to the next screen . The button "  just changes colors . " The top Democrat on the committee , Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , said in his opening statement that the hearing is motivated by politics and Republicans have no intention of working on a solution to ensure the Affordable Care Act is successful . "  For the past three years , the Number One priority has been to bring down this law , " Cummings said , referencing the recent government shutdown and repeated attempts by Republicans in the House to repeal or defund the measure approved without Republican support in 2010 . Park was subpoenaed Politics around the hearing had reached fever pitch on Tuesday . Park was subpoenaed last week by Issa , after the White House balked at a request for his voluntary immediate appearance because he is leading the team working feverishly to fulfill a promise that by the end of the month problems will be eliminated on HealthCare.gov . Issa insisted Park appear immediately to explain why the website was n't ready when it was launched to adequately handle inquiries and enrollment . The White House decided at the last minute to allow him to testify . The site 's problems have been a major early policy and political setback for Obama on this issue , but the administration says it is working aggressively to fix it and should have it working smoothly for most people by month 's end . Meanwhile , former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers , who served as an economic adviser to Obama , said the President has not been adequately served by his staff in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act . "  He was not well served by his colleagues in the administration , " Summers said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  The American people were not well served by the way in which this played out . " White House officials get earful from House Democrats Summers wrote a memo to the President in 2010 suggesting that HealthCare.gov was not something the government could handle and he needed to bring in experts . While Summers would not provide details about internal discussions , he said Tuesday , "  You need experts . You need to trust but you need to verify . You ca n't go rushing the schedule when you get behind or you end up making more errors . " Security Security of personal and financial information was also a topic of concern to committee members . Chao admitted security aspects had not been tested "  thoroughly . " The admission came when Rep. Blake Farenthold , R-Texas , a former owner of web consulting business , paraphrased Chao 's previous statement about security testing , indicating that Chao said security testing had been conducted "  thoroughly . " Chao jumped in and said "  If I said ` thoroughly , ' I apologize . " David Powner , director , Information Technology Management Issues at the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office , said security testing was done early on an incomplete system . Powner noted however , that he did have access to testing record after mid-September . "  The fundamental question is what is being done now and is that adequate to date , " he said . Using his knowledge of web development , Farenthold said HealthCare.gov 's design to access information from the IRS and Social Security Administration is a "  target for hackers . " Official : Hackers tried repeatedly to attack Obamacare website But Chao assured the committee that consumers would be notified if their credit card information has been compromised , adding that "  several laws and rules apply " that the government is required to follow . Cost of HealthCare.gov At the hearing , the administration technology officials were stymied by the question : "  how much all this is going to cost us to straighten this out ? " They had no answer . One said they were "  blind to that . " The actual figure of money in the pipeline to last for development and early implementation of the website is north of $ 630 million . GOP rips early Obamacare enrollment figures Can Congress really save insurance plans lost under Obamacare ? Many in Congress avoiding Obamacare exchanges	26,794 people complete enrollment process for coverage through HealthCare.gov HealthCare.gov chief testifies before House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa says the website "  exploded on the launch pad " Democrat Elijah Cummings says the hearing is motivated by politics
Keenan Steiner makes his way along Charlotte 's secured streets , struggling to put on his tie and manage his monogrammed backpack at the same time . The 27-year-old is on a mission : He 's looking for a party . Not just any party . He works with the Sunlight Foundation , a nonpartisan , nonprofit group that advocates for greater government transparency . His goal at the Democratic National Convention , as it was at the Republicans ' confab in Tampa : to crash as many parties as he can , then blog about them . Since 2008 , his organization 's Political Party Time website has been tracking exclusive , behind-the-scenes events where politicians and special interests meet , often out of the spotlight . The groups hosting these events , Steiner says , hope to influence the outcome of the November elections -- as well as lawmakers ' votes in Congress and state capitols . By his count , there were at least 400 parties planned during the DNC and 200 during the Republican National Convention . "  All the big players are at the conventions at once , " he says , "  so it is sort of like being in the Washington party circuit on steroids . " Tonight Steiner decides to stop by Planned Parenthood Political Action Fund 's "  Sex , Politics , and Cocktails " party first . The organization has been under recent attack from Republicans in Congress who have repeatedly tried to shut off federal funding for the organization 's family planning efforts . The Planned Parenthood Action Fund , the group 's political arm and official host of the party , has spent nearly $ 2 million during this year 's election cycle -- most of it on negative ads against Republicans , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . While groups like Planned Parenthood Action Fund spend millions to elect Democrats , groups like Americans for Prosperity work to put Republicans in power . Steiner has an issue with the laws that regulate these types of groups , because they 're not required to reveal the names of the donors who ultimately pay for those ads . "  There is a real transparency issue here , " Steiner says . Steiner says he tried but failed to get into the Americans for Prosperity party in Tampa . Here in Charlotte he does n't have a ticket , but he sees a friend outside the Planned Parenthood party who helps . He says he can usually talk his way into events . At his friend 's urging , security waves Steiner and his Sunlight Foundation colleague Liz Bartolomeo through . They even let them use the velvet-lined VIP line to bypass the crowd . Inside , smartly dressed older women sit in a line on comfortable couches , checking their email on smartphones . A man wearing an Obama ball cap orders a drink called "  Safe Sex Champagne " for his girlfriend . He 's having the "  Obamatini . " A woman clutching one of the "  We love Michelle " banners that had been handed out on the convention floor earlier in the evening keeps knocking it into people as she joyfully dances "  The Electric Slide . " The giveaways here are simple and , in some cases , intended to provoke a laugh . Condoms inside hot pink matchbook covers lay on low tables around the dance floor . The front of the package says "  Protect Yourself From Romney & Ryan in this Election . " It 's an advertisement for Planned Parenthood 's Women Are Watching website . "  This party seems like a way to drum up enthusiasm with the base , " Steiner says , as he makes his way to the bar to talk with someone he knows . "  It 's not a party where you will rub shoulders with governors , and people are n't necessarily sowing the seeds for laws that will be written next year here like we 've seen at some of the super-elite parties , but it still is important , " Steiner says . He pulls out a small Moleskine pad and takes notes as he talks to someone by the bar . The loud disco music suddenly fades away , and the emcee tells the excited crowd that two special guests have arrived . The floor goes wild as actress Ashley Judd stands in front of a hot pink "  Sex , Politics " banner with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at her side . "  The Democrats have clearly decided their work for women is a winning issue for them , and Pelosi is a rock star among the Democratic base , " Steiner says . "  Homocon " during the conventions Pelosi talks about the Democrats ' support for women 's issues -- among the convention themes earlier that evening -- then encourages the crowd to support the president . After Pelosi wraps up her speech , she does a little dance as the '70s hit "  Celebration " plays her loudly off the stage . She poses for photos with Planned Parenthood Political Action Fund leaders and other VIPs . People start to dance again . Andra Gillespie , a political science professor at Emory University who was in Charlotte to observe the convention , says parties such as this energize the base on particular issues . They are also mutually beneficial to the people who attend . "  Some will show up to these parties for nice swag or good food or to show their support for a particular political message , sure , " Gillespie said . "  But it 's also aimed at the fledging county commission candidate who shows up at the convention . "  The fact that Pelosi is there gives them a chance to take a picture with her and then tweet it out or put it on their Facebook page . It gives them a certain type of credibility . It makes them look important , and they 'll remember an organization that made this happen . " Steiner says there were several splashy events at the RNC . Though fewer in number than at the DNC , the parties were equally high profile . At the Florida Aquarium , scantily clad women dressed as mermaids floated in a tank as guests at the Distilled Spirits Council party ordered drinks from multiple bars . In "  A Salute to the House and Senate Energy and Commerce Committees , " attendees could shag balls and take batting practice at Tropicana Field for a charitable donation . A $ 15,000 donation got people into a private reception with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , courtesy of the Foundation for Florida 's Future . It 's midnight back in Charlotte before Steiner and Bartolomeo head out past streams of other party-hoppers and make their way to a swank hotel near the convention center . The lobby has a different feel than the Planned Parenthood party . Well-dressed guests sit at a tiny table by the bar with a couple bottles of expensive Veuve Clicquot champagne . Sen. John Kerry stands in the corner having a hushed but animated conversation with two equally tall men . And more people carrying "  We love Michelle " signs , now somewhat crushed , make their way toward the elevator . On the hotel 's second floor is "  Come Together : A Late Night Celebration " honoring the National Black Caucus of State Legislators . Steiner does n't have an invitation here either , but he blends into the crowd to make his way into the fancy ballroom . The event invitations advertise the party 's sponsors . Steiner says he noticed their names on a giant screen next to the dance floor . Waste Management , Amerigroup , Maximus and VS2 were among the hosts . Gillespie says some people may be uncomfortable with the role corporations play behind the scenes at such events , but she thinks they are necessary . "  Taking corporate funding for them is a double-edged sword since you do need someone to pay for it , " she says . "  You do n't want to use public funds for a party . "  That type of corporate sponsorship may suggest they have more influence than others with politicians , and some may take issue with it , but groups do n't have the money to do this on their own and they want to attract the right people to their events . "  People wo n't show up if the party is boring . " Men with lapel pins identifying them as state legislators or congressmen make their way into the party . Bartolomeo points out others wearing special pins she says are given to big Obama donors . Steiner ignores the live band playing James Brown 's "  Sex Machine " and forgoes the red , white and blue macaroons . Instead , he talks to people and takes notes . "  This is more a top-flight party than Planned Parenthood 's , as the guest list is more exclusive and the food , drink and space itself is some of the most expensive I 've seen , " Steiner explains later . He speaks with a county commissioner running for Congress and her husband , a lawyer at McGuireWoods -- another of the evening 's sponsors . The party , he says , "  is about building relationships with people in business and the government . " Craig Holman is a political ethics expert whose nonpartisan nonprofit , Public Citizen , has teamed up with Steiner 's organization in the party monitoring enterprise at the convention . He worries these parties play an outsized role at conventions . "  These conventions are supposed to be merely ... events to rally for these candidates , " Holman says . "  But the lobbyists and special interest groups are indulging in a real habit of turning these conventions instead into lobby-fests . " Gillespie has a different perspective . "  The conventions are really professional conferences , " she said , "  and like most trade associations , networking is a big part of what you are doing here . " "  Yes , the delegates are here to nominate their candidate , but behind the scenes you have a lot of local candidates trying to make connections , meet potential fundraisers and backers . That may be more important to them than the activities you see on TV . It 's hard to develop a profile for yourself and a reputation if you do n't know anyone . " It 's past 1 a.m. when Steiner leaves the party and heads off to another . He hears the actor and hip-hop artist Common is performing at a party within driving distance . He 'd prefer not to stay out too late if possible ; he 's learned that a certain Super PAC is hosting a brunch at an undisclosed location in the morning . It 's supposed to be at a mansion , but he does n't know which one . At least not yet . Puppet protesters pull no punches	Nonpartisan nonprofit tracks events where politicians , special interests meet Group advocates for greater government transparency Writer 's goal : Crash as many RNC , DNC parties as he can and blog about them
CNN  These days , Silicon Valley is hot and Wall Street is not . There 's a tech bubble and no one knows when exactly it will pop . We have sky-rocketing valuations like Airbnb  $ 13 billion  , Uber  $ 41 billion  , Snapchat  $ 10 billion  , Dropbox  $ 10 billion  and so on . College students think tech is sexy and just about everyone seems to want to be called an entrepreneur . But there 's one problem : The startup world is cluttered with "  wantrapreneurs " who fail to recognize that success demands a tenacity , resiliency and energy unlike any traditional job short of combat infantry soldier or SWAT team member . Many enthusiastic founders who finish startup training and acceleration programs disappear quickly and quietly from the scene as customers yawn about their big bold ideas . These entrepreneurs aspire to be the next Mark Zuckerberg , and upon learning such a goal is as ephemeral as winning the lottery , their zeal wanes quickly . One top venture capitalist remarked that we see only about a dozen great companies emerge every year in the U.S. Too often , they 're doing boring and un-techy things like preventing or curing diseases , or solving complex big data challenges that just are n't as sexy or well-publicized as the next hot-or-not dating app . As the job market recovers , hopefully , more of those wannabes turn to good old-fashioned W2 jobs , with predictability , stability and health insurance . It 's a place where 99 % of people belong . The lesser entrepreneurs should go out and find regular jobs , clearing the clutter for those with the idea , drive and overwhelming ambition to build truly great companies . Because really , we do n't need more startups that are lame , same and tame . Lameness : Ready to work 90 + hours a week ? If you 're not a passionate , tenacious , driven entrepreneur willing to work 90-plus hours a week while confronting a high failure rate , update your resume and get a job . If you 're dedicated and your startup is guilty of sameness , lameness or tameness , blow it up ! Do something dramatic to differentiate your company and offer lasting value . Recognize that virtually every good startup idea is "  out of the building " -- between the ears of your customers who are the only people whose opinions matter . Embrace those people , talk to them , and build something really amazing that will be craved by the millions , not thousands , for years , not months . Sameness : Do we really need a gazillion game apps ? How many digital games does a single planet need ? The 1.3 million apps available in July 2014 on iTunes included over 200,000 game apps and more than 8,000 apps just to help create or save your favorite recipes . How can anyone get excited about the next food , personal finance , Web marketing or taxi dispatching tool with three or four cute new features ? Scores of niche versions of LinkedIn , for example , have died painful deaths , trying to do just what LinkedIn does well , but for some subset of the business world . Too many startups offer little more than a tweak in an effort to distinguish themselves . Tameness : Is it just air behind massive valuations ? Massive valuations were once the reward for unstoppable meteoric growth . Just think back on the very early days of Facebook , Google , Priceline and eBay . Sadly , very few startups sustain that kind of growth for anywhere near as long as they sustain their sky-high valuations . How quickly did Myspace come and go ? Where went the rapid user growth of Twitter and Groupon and LivingSocial , among many others ? When Groupon merchants and customers did n't return , the stock went from a peak of $ 30 to a recent close of under $ 8 . Amazon recognizes that it ca n't forever be a leading retailer . Its remedy ? New delivery systems , Amazon Web services , content , publishing platforms and more . Amazon will do what it takes to not be labeled tame . Google has seen a leveling off of its enormous search ad revenues , but the many businesses it has invested in or acquired will likely drive its growth for years to come . What about Uber -- the new kid on the block ? Why would one of the world 's most highly valued startups offer winter price cuts in 48 cities ? Its low-end UberX is just as tame if not sadly unimaginative . "  Cheaper than a New York City taxicab ! " is hardly the mantra of a great company . But if you must ... According to the Kauffman Foundation , America 's leading entrepreneurship advocate , in 2013 about 476,000 new businesses started per month , including everything from hair salons to tech startups backed by Sequoia and Kleiner Perkins . While new businesses help create jobs in the economy , the failure rate is high . Survival rate , as government data points out , drops dramatically after a few years . So for all the entrepreneurs out there : Here 's a piece of advice , whether you 're starting a pizza parlor or the next Amazon , truly great companies that endure are built on inventive solutions to significant problems confronted by at least millions of people . And those people -- not your investors , coaches , advisers or professors -- are the ones who hold the keys to unlocking a great business they want to spend time or money on . Far too few startups invest the sweat and blood to identify those opportunities and deliver a one-two punch of disruptive innovation and relentless execution .	The startup world is cluttered with "  wanrapreneurs , " or wannabe entrepreneurs Many aspire to be the next Mark Zuckerberg , but that 's like trying to win the lottery
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Friday his office is looking into requests by lawmakers to investigate News Corp. , the multinational media conglomerate run by Rupert Murdoch . News Corp. is embroiled in a phone hacking scandal in the United Kingdom that forced one of its top executives , Rebekah Brooks , to resign Friday . Now , U.S. legislators say they want to know if the company engaged in that illegal activity in the United States . "  There have been serious allegations raised in that regard in Great Britain , there is an ongoing investigation , " Holder told reporters in Sydney , Australia . "  There have been members of Congress in the United States who have asked us to investigate those same allegations . And we are progressing in the regard using the appropriate federal agencies in the United Sates . " The FBI has launched an investigation into News Corp. after a report that the company 's employees or associates may have attempted to hack into phone conversations and voice mail boxes of September 11 survivors , victims and their families , a federal law enforcement source told CNN Thursday . "  We are aware of the allegations and are looking into them , " said the source , who requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the investigation . "  We 'll be looking at anyone acting for or on behalf of News Corp. , from the top down to janitors , " to gather information and determine whether any laws may have been broken . Because the investigation just began , it 's too early to say when the first interviews will be conducted , the source said , adding the probe is a "  high priority . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , earlier this week asked FBI Director Robert Mueller to investigate the possibility that journalists working for Murdoch may have tapped into the phones of 9/11 victims and relatives . News Corp. said Thursday it had no comment on the FBI investigation or the possibility of congressional hearings . Meanwhile , News Corp. boss Rupert Murdoch said in an interview Thursday with the Wall Street Journal newspaper -- one of News Corp. 's own publications -- that he felt the company had handled the crisis "  extremely well in every way possible . " He told the newspaper he had decided to appear before British politicians next Tuesday , after initially declining to attend the hearing , because he wanted to address "  some of the things that have been said in Parliament , some of which are total lies . We think it 's important to absolutely establish our integrity in the eyes of the public ... I felt it 's best just to be as transparent as possible . " Murdoch told the Journal that News Corp. would establish its own independent committee , to be led by a "  distinguished non-employee , " "  to investigate every charge of improper conduct " and to draw up a "  protocol for behavior " for the company 's new reporters . Those new reporters wo n't be working for Brooks . The chief executive of News International , the subsidiary that runs News Corp. 's British print media , resigned Friday in the wake of the scandal . Brooks , who was editor of News of the World at the time of some of the most serious allegations against the newspaper , has been under pressure to step down since the allegations began . In a statement released through News International , she said : "  As chief executive of the company , I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the people we have hurt and I want to reiterate how sorry I am for what we now know to have taken place ... While it has been a subject of discussion , this time my resignation has been accepted . " Concerns over the hacking of phones belonging to 9/11 victims and relatives appear to be traceable to a story published Wednesday by the Mirror , a British tabloid that includes a section it describes as "  gossip gone toxic . " The newspaper cited "  a source " who referred to a former police officer who now works as a private investigator . "  The investigator is used by a lot of journalists in America and he recently told me that he was asked to hack into the 9/11 victims ' private phone data , " the source reportedly told the newspaper . The source told the Mirror the request came from News of the World , the newspaper at the center of the phone-hacking scandal in Britain . "  He said that the journalists asked him to access records showing the calls that had been made to and from the mobile phones belonging to the victims and their relatives , " the newspaper said . "  His presumption was that they wanted the information so they could hack into the relevant voice mails , just like has been shown they have done in the UK . The PI said he had to turn the job down . He knew how insensitive such research would be , and how bad it would look . "  The investigator said the journalists seemed particularly interested in getting the phone records belonging to the British victims of the attacks . " Relatives of the victims of the terrorist attacks expressed outrage over the possibility they may have been hacking victims . What they went through is "  heartfelt stuff , and it should n't be out there for all to see unless the family approves , " said Jim Riches , a retired New York Fire Department deputy chief who lost a son in the attacks . "  Until we get some accountability , they 're just going to keep doing it , " Riches said . "  It 's completely unethical , unprofessional and basically criminal . " Sally Regenhard , who also lost a son in the attacks , called it "  very horrifying that privacy and personal security could be violated in such an egregious manner . " "  I would hold these people accountable and responsible , " she told CNN Thursday . "  Someone has to defend the dead . " Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey said the September 11 families have "  suffered enough " and deserve answers . Murdoch has one prominent U.S. politician , who was praised for his leadership following the 9/11 attacks , coming to his defense , saying Murdoch may have been unaware of what was going on . "  Give people the presumption of innocence , " former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani told CNN 's Candy Crowley in New Hampshire on Thursday . "  I think that just how high up it goes is a big question and one we should n't be jumping to conclusions about . " Murdoch and Giuliani are longtime friends . Also , a law and lobbying firm in which Giuliani is partner received $ 100,000 in lobbying fees from News Corp. in 2005 , according to congressional disclosure filings . News of the World , a 168-year-old British newspaper owned by Murdoch , folded over the weekend in the wake of accusations that its reporters illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking . There also were allegations that reporters may have bribed law enforcement officers . On Wednesday , several senators sent letters to Holder , asking him to look into concerns that News Corp. violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . The law , enacted in 1977 , makes it illegal for a U.S. person or company to pay foreign officials to obtain or retain business . Potential liability flows from journalists at News of the World to its parent , News International , and to its parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States , and runs Fox News . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Attorney General Eric Holder says federal agencies are looking into News Corp. . The FBI has launched an investigation into the media conglomerate , a source tells CNN Rebekah Brooks , the CEO of News Corp. 's News International unit , resigned Friday Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani says not to rush to judgment about News Corp. 's Rupert Murdoch
CNN  Atop the Amazon bestselling books list this month sat an unexpected title : "  Secret Garden . " It was n't Frances Hodgson Burnett 's 1911 novel about a sour little girl 's magical place , making a book club comeback . It was a similarly named coloring book that adults were buying , for themselves , and it was n't the only one in the top 10 . Johanna Basford 's "  Secret Garden : An Inky Treasure Hunt & Coloring Book "  now at No. 3 on Amazon  along with her second effort , "  Enchanted Forest : An Inky Quest & Coloring Book "  No. 6  ; "  Balance  Angie 's Extreme Stress Menders Volume 1  " by Angie Grace  No. 9  ; and "  The Mindfulness Colouring Book : Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People " by Emma Farrarons  No. 8 on Amazon UK  are selling at a rapid clip . Though they can be used by kids , these and other new coloring book titles are being marketed to stressed-out , work-addled adults , who want to benefit from the quiet zen that a coloring session can bring . "  Adult coloring is absolutely a growing trend and consumers are really taking to the idea , " Farrarons ' U.S. publisher , Matthew Lore of The Experiment publishing group , wrote in an email . "  Not only is it calming and good for your health , it 's just fun ! The demand is increasing exponentially as the word spreads . " While Farrarons and Basford are based in the UK , the concept is taking off in the U.S. too , with the publication of titles like Virginia-based art therapist Lacy Mucklow and illustrator Angela Porter 's "  Color Me Calm " and "  Color Me Happy , " created for the minds and motor skills of Mom and Dad , not the kids . The trend does n't seem to be letting up . Basford is working on a third title , Farrarons has been commissioned for a second book , and Mucklow and Porter will release "  Color Me Stress-Free " in September . Adults have long used crafts to unwind , but why coloring books ? Why now ? It may have something to do with online access -- and , funnily enough , the desire to unplug . Ordering a coloring book that suits adult tastes online is easier than walking into a bookstore where the only options have Barbie or Thomas the Tank Engine themes . Plus , everyone 's favorite online crafting hub , Pinterest , is a treasure trove of adult coloring pages , with themes ranging from nature and animals to classic paintings . Meanwhile , like children , adults need a break from screen time -- and many are rediscovering the analog pleasures of coloring inside the lines . "  I 'm a grown-up , but I still love coloring books , " novelist Matt Cain proclaimed in a piece for The Guardian . "  If I switch off the phone , computer and TV and concentrate solely on choosing the right shade of blue , avoiding going over the lines and slowly filling up my page with colour , all my other concerns , I 've discovered , fade to nothing , " Cain wrote . The therapeutic benefits of art are nothing new ; it 's a concept that practitioners use with patients of all ages . Atlanta-based art therapist Susanne Fincher , who has published several coloring books , said coloring can lift the mood , reduce anxiety and relieve stress . "  Art making is a powerful intervention , " Fincher wrote in an email . "  Neuroscientific research has shown that through the use of art therapy , the human brain can physically change , grow , and rejuvenate . " True art therapy , she warned , should be administered only by a qualified professional . Mindfulness and meditative coloring are recurring themes in the growing adult coloring book industry . A search for "  adult coloring books " on Amazon or Barnes and Noble will yield several books of mandalas , a ritual symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism that represents the universe , waiting to be colored in . "  I sometimes give clients one of my mandala coloring books for homework between sessions with me , " Fincher wrote . "  Coloring mandalas can empower a client to manage thoughts and feelings on their own with the positive activity of coloring , instead of , for example , overeating or abusing substances . " The opportunity to craft a mindfulness coloring book for adults was serendipitous for illustrator Farrarons , who had been practicing mindfulness for a few years before getting the offer to create a book . "  In mindfulness , it is encouraged to break patterns in life by introducing variation to avoid the sensation of being on autopilot , " Farrarons wrote in an email while on holiday in Korea . "  Each page has been caringly designed with this in mind , so that the person coloring can hop at random from one pattern to the next . " Coloring books like Farrarons ' pocket-sized volume bring a bit of calming and spirituality to the masses , but for some adult enthusiasts coloring is just a fun throwback to a simpler time , she added . "  It reminds me of hours spent filling in scenes from a coloring book as a little girl . In the digital age that we are in , surely , it can only be a good thing to pick up a pencil and feel young again . "	Coloring books made for adults are popular on Amazon 's bestselling books list Books with calming , meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwind
CNN  -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus , commonly known as the swine flu , the government said in a televised statement on Tuesday . Oscar Arias , the president of Costa Rica , has contracted the H1N1 virus . Arias fell ill on Sunday , complaining of a sore throat and temperature , Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said . A doctor 's visit on Tuesday revealed that the president had the H1N1 virus , cases of which had been reported earlier in the Costa Rican capital of San Jose . The president 's overall health was good , but following his doctor 's advice , he will rest at his home until Sunday , Rodrigo Arias said . The president is expected to return to work on Monday , the minister said . As of Friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus in Costa Rica , and the virus has been blamed for 27 deaths , according to a report by the country 's ministry of health . A majority of the confirmed cases -- 480 -- were in San Jose . Arias , 67 , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for helping bring an end to Central America 's civil wars . More recently , he acted as mediator between two feuding sides claiming the leadership of Honduras .	President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus , government says Arias fell ill Sunday , complaining of a sore throat and a temperature Arias is expected to return to work on Monday , presidential minister says As of last Friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus in Costa Rica
EW.com  -- Moviegoers have grown increasingly intense about avoiding " spoilers "  probably because of all the information that spills out of the Internet . In that light , "  Secretariat , " a benignly inspirational Disney sports drama about the legendary racehorse who won the Triple Crown in 1973 , offers a fascinating test case for how much spoilers sometimes do n't matter . Going into the movie , we absolutely know that Secretariat , the chestnut Thoroughbred who galloped to triumph through a rare combination of total speed and maximum stamina , will win his three big races  the first time a horse had done so in 25 years . Yet there he is , in his famous blue-and-white blinker hood , pounding the track at the Kentucky Derby , starting way in the back  as was his style  , then overtaking one horse after another , the camera following right on his hooves . And damned if , at that moment , we are n't as excited as children , our hearts in our throats as he thunders to victory , almost as if we had no idea what was coming . When Secretariat is running his races , the movie has a hokey , old-fashioned appeal . It uses a fantastic gospel anthem to stoke our feelings , the Edwin Hawkins Singers ' 1969 rendition of " Oh Happy Day . " And that song , with its funky-sublime syncopation , its waves of lordly joy , makes us feel that , yes , Secretariat really was a miracle horse , a competitor graced by Someone Up There . Off the racetrack , however , "  Secretariat " is a sketchy and rather innocuously upbeat movie . The director , Randall Wallace  "  We Were Soldiers , "  often seems to be aiming for the same Christian demographic that helped make a hit out of "  The Blind Side . " I personally have no objection to a horse film that views a creature as magnificent as Secretariat with religious awe , but in this case the uplift has a downside . The film is so insistently square it undercuts the very drama it 's out to capture . The central figure , Penny Chenery  Diane Lane  , is a housewife who knew nothing about running a horse farm when she took over the management of her ailing father 's Meadow Stables in Virginia . Penny wins Secretariat in a coin toss  though the film suggests it 's her womanly vantage that leads her to foresee how the horse 's bloodlines will give him racing strength . It 's a pleasure to see her take charge , fighting her way up in a racehorse world thick with the corruptions of men . Lane , wearing Pat Nixon 's hair , makes Penny devoutly traditional but never prim ; it does n't scare her that she 's in over her head . She recruits the eccentric trainer Lucien Laurin , played by John Malkovich , and the actor , wearing crazy hats and spouting French whenever he gets angry , makes us feel his horse fervor . Penny , in her devotion to Secretariat 's racing career , tears her family life apart . Yet this central conflict comes to very little .  Dylan Walsh plays her husband with just enough mild testiness to make you wish he 'd shown more . Penny 's obsession remains flawless , noble , benevolent . The only real drama is that  spoiler !  Secretariat occasionally loses . As long as he 's winning , though , this pleasantly rote movie will rouse you . B - See the full article on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Secretariat " is a Disney sports drama about the racehorse who won the Triple Crown in 1973 When Secretariat is running his races , the movie has a hokey , old-fashioned appeal Director Randall Wallace aims for the Christian demographic that supported "  The Blind Side "
WIRED  -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter , Facebook , MySpace and other social media sites from its networks , effective immediately . The Marine Corps fears that social media sites such as Facebook could pose a security risk . "  These internet sites in general are a proven haven for malicious actors and content and are particularly high risk due to information exposure , user generated content and targeting by adversaries , " reads a Marine Corps order , issued Monday . "  The very nature of SNS -LSB- social network sites -RSB- creates a larger attack and exploitation window , exposes unnecessary information to adversaries and provides an easy conduit for information leakage that puts OPSEC -LSB- operational security -RSB- , COMSEC -LSB- communications security -RSB- , -LSB- and -RSB- personnel ... at an elevated risk of compromise . " The Marines ' ban will last a year . It was drawn up in response to a late July warning from U.S. Strategic Command , which told the rest of the military it was considering a Defense Department-wide ban on the Web 2.0 sites , due to network security concerns . Scams , worms , and Trojans often spread unchecked throughout social media sites , passed along from one online friend to the next . "  The mechanisms for social networking were never designed for security and filtering . They make it way too easy for people with bad intentions to push malicious code to unsuspecting users , " a Stratcom source told Wired.com . Yet many within the Pentagon 's highest ranks find value in the Web 2.0 tools . The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has 4,000 followers on Twitter . The Department of Defense is getting ready to unveil a new home page , packed with social media tools . The Army recently ordered all U.S. bases to provide access to Facebook . Top generals now blog from the battlefield . "  OPSEC is paramount . We will have procedures in place to deal with that , " Price Floyd , the Pentagon 's newly-appointed social media czar , said . "  What we ca n't do is let security concerns trump doing business . We have to do business ... We need to be everywhere men and women in uniform are and the public is . If that 's MySpace and YouTube , that 's where we need to be , too , " Floyd said . The Marines say they will issue waivers to the Web 2.0 blockade , if a "  mission critical need " can be proven . And they will continue to allow access to the military 's internal "  SNS-like services . " But for most members of the Corps , access to the real , public social networks is now shut off for the next year . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	U.S. Marine Corps bans Twitter , Facebook , MySpace and other social media sites Order , issued Monday , states that information on the sites poses a security risk The Marines ' ban is effective immediately and will last a year U.S. Army recently ordered all U.S. bases to provide access to Facebook
New York  CNN  -- Never fear . While North Korea is a closed communist state , a rogue nuclear power that regularly threatens war and starves its own people in prison camps , Dennis Rodman has just returned from some one-on-one diplomacy with its "  dear leader " Kim Jong Un and has good news to report : "  I love him . The guy is awesome . He was so honest . " I 'm going to go out on a limb and say this is n't going to look much better in the eyes of history than Charles Lindbergh vouching for Hitler 's character in the late 1930s . But say this for the retired rebounding champion known as "  The Worm " -- he got closer to the young dictator by walking in the front door of North Korea with the Harlem Globetrotters and Vice magazine than diplomats and intelligence services have gotten to date . As former Assistant Secretary of State Stephen Ganyard told ABC News , "  There is nobody at the CIA who could tell you more personally about Kim Jong Un than Dennis Rodman , and that in itself is scary . " 5 ways North Korea is getting stranger Bonding over a shared love of basketball and getting drunk with the dictator 's entourage sure sounds like a cozy way to visit a country where 3.5 million people have starved to death since 1995 . But it requires a bit of willful ignorance to scoop up the state propaganda and be used as a dupe for their domestic state-run media , which is also likely to portray the diminutive dictator as an all-time dunking champ . In a rambling interview on ABC News ' "  This Week , " Rodman defended his trip and his budding friendship with Kim , telling George Stephanopoulos : "  I do n't condone what he does , but as far as a person to person , he 's my friend " and then went on to the fetid well of moral equivalence to dismiss the prison camps and reports of mass murder as "  just politics . " Rodman is far from the first celebrity to be used for publicity purposes to prop up a dictator and even profess real friendship . Lindbergh cozied up to Adolf Hitler in a naive attempt to keep America isolationist in World War II . American singer , actor and attorney Paul Robeson was taken in by the Soviet Union and proclaimed its lack of segregation was evidence of freedom 's progress while millions were being murdered by Joseph Stalin in gulags . Nobel Prize-winning novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez was proud of his personal friendship with Cuba 's communist dictator Fidel Castro , propelled by long nights of drinking and philosophizing by the Caribbean Sea . In more recent years , stars have taken big money from dictators in exchange for private concert performances , including Seal and Hilary Swank appearing at Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov 's multimillion dollar 35th birthday bash  Swank later apologized  , Nelly Furtado performing for Moammar Gadhafi  she later gave the money back  and Mariah Carey , Usher and Beyonce performing for Gadhafi 's sons in St. Barts .  My colleagues at The Daily Beast put together a useful gallery of these and other "  stars who hang with dictators . " The greed that simply compels one to take a gig , no matter who is paying the bill , is different than the impulse to ingest talking points and benefit from the privileges of friendship with mass murderers who can sometimes seem charmingly insane in person . Just because you 're crazy does n't mean you 're stupid and just because a man can be a monster in his vise-like grip on a state does n't mean it should be a compelling revelation that he is also in fact human . As David Remnick detailed in his literary and journalistic portrait of the Soviet Union , "  Lenin 's Tomb , " Stalin was a fan of American musicals and after one long day of purging his own ranks with arbitrary executions , he retired to watch a comedy called "  Happy Guys . " This is where judgment and moral clarity come in handy -- two concepts rarely associated with Dennis Rodman . That 's why George Stephanopoulos was right to hand him a copy of the Human Rights Watch report on North Korea after Rodman declared his intention to return to North Korea for another visit sometime soon . Vacationing in dictatorships is always a bad idea , even if it is justified by the self-serving notion of conducting personal diplomacy . It is still , as the Sex Pistols once said , "  a cheap holiday in other people 's misery . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Dennis Rodman returned from North Korea with an upbeat assessment John Avlon says Rodman did n't take North Korea 's rights violations seriously He says celebrities who give aid to dictators deserve criticism Avlon : Rodman 's actions follow in the trail of others such as Charles Lindbergh
An Emirati woman arrested on suspicion of fatally stabbing a U.S. teacher in a bathroom at a United Arab Emirates mall also is accused of placing a handmade bomb in front of an American doctor 's house , the country 's interior minister said Thursday . Police arrested the woman , identified only as in her 30s and a UAE national , Interior Minister Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan said . More details about the arrest were n't immediately available . According to a diplomatic source , the woman arrested was of Yemeni origin and had traveled back and forth to Yemen "  multiple times . " The woman was arrested about 48 hours after the attack . She is being interrogated by Emirati authorities and the investigation into the incident is ongoing , the source said . Police said a veiled woman stabbed American schoolteacher Ibolya Ryan , 47 , during a fight in a restroom at the high-end Boutik Mall on Reem Island on Monday . The alleged attacker was fully covered , donning an abaya -- a black , full-length gown traditionally worn by Emirati women -- black gloves , a face cover and a hijab , or head scarf , police said . She fled the mall after the attack . Police believe Ryan , who was the mother of three children , did not know the attacker , Al Nahyan said . The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi issued a statement , back in October , warning U.S. citizens of an anonymous Internet post that encouraged attacks against teachers at American and other international schools . The embassy was unaware of any specific , credible threat at that time , but called on citizens to be vigilant about their personal security . Teacher remembered for compassion , dedication Just a few months after her arrival in Abu Dhabi , Ryan offered enthusiastic advice to other teachers considering working abroad . "  I would say be positive , open minded , flexible and take every challenge as a learning experience , " she wrote on the website of Footprints Recruiting , which placed her in Abu Dhabi . "  Also be thankful that you are able to have the experience of working abroad ; I think at the end it makes you not just learn about others but also about yourself . " Ryan was born in Romania , held Hungarian and American citizenship and had been a dedicated teacher for 17 years , according to a Footprints Recruiting profile of her . In September 2013 , she began teaching in Abu Dhabi , where she lived with her 11-year-old twin boys . Before that , she taught special education students in Colorado , Footprints Recruiting CEO Ben Glickman said . Ryan , known as Iby to her friends , was very enthusiastic about the UAE and her work at an Emirati public school , Glickman said . "  She was getting immersed in the culture and talking about learning Arabic , " he said . "  She thought this was a good experience for her children and she was having a good experience as well . " Glickman , who described her as a "  compassionate and warm person , " said employees in the UAE were "  shaken " over Ryan 's death , but waiting for the results of the investigation . "  People obviously want answers , but are withholding judgment until we get further information , " he said . Interior minister : Attacker wanted to create chaos Surveillance video released by police shows the moments before and after the mall stabbing . A veiled figure that police identified as the attacker walks calmly in through a parking lot entrance , speaking to security guards , picking up a paper and disappearing around the corner out of sight . The video later shows the suspect running to an elevator and then leaving the mall through the same parking lot doors . Reem Island is a newly developed area of Abu Dhabi where many Western expatriates live . Later Monday , the suspect placed a primitive bomb in front of a house where an American Muslim doctor lives , said Al Nahyan , adding that authorities had video of the event . The doctor 's son saw the object and called police , Al Nahyan said . Police defused the device . Investigators believe that the attacker wanted to create chaos and spread fear , Al Nahyan said . He did n't discuss possible motives beyond that or say what led police to the suspect .	Slain American teacher is remembered for compassion and dedication Woman also accused of planting bomb near U.S. doctor 's house in UAE American was stabbed in the women 's restroom at high-end mall , police say The 47-year-old victim was a schoolteacher , mother of three
DETROIT , Michigan  CNN  -- A defiant Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick addressed Detroit on Thursday night listing what he said the city had accomplished under his leadership just hours after announcing his resignation amid a sex and perjury scandal . Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick has agreed to resign from office , a prosecutor said Thursday . "  The city is much better shape than the city I received seven years ago , " said Kilpatrick . "  We in Detroit have done amazing things together . " During the speech Kilpatrick also jabbed city officials and Michigan 's governor , telling them to continue to work for the people of Detroit as hard as they did to get him out of office . Kilpatrick told the crowd his marriage is better than it has ever been and kissed his wife to end the speech , an act that brought thunderous applause . Kilpatrick said he decided to step down so the city could continue to move forward . "  Sometimes standing strong means stepping down , " Kilpatrick said . "  But Detroit you have set me up for a comeback . " The embattled Kilpatrick pleaded guilty Thursday to charges resulting from a sex scandal and submitted his resignation to the governor -- effective in two weeks . Under a plea deal , Kilpatrick will serve four months in the Wayne County Jail and the rest of his five-year sentence on probation , said Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy . He will enter jail on the day of his formal sentencing , October 28 , she said . Kilpatrick , 38 , also agreed not to run for public office during his probation , to pay $ 1 million in restitution and to forfeit any future pension . He was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his office and firing a police deputy to cover up an extramarital affair and other possible illicit activities . After the deputy , Gary Brown , lost his job , a mayoral bodyguard , Officer Harold Nelthrope , left his job voluntarily when the atmosphere became too tense , said his attorney in the whistle-blower suit trial . Walt Harris , another former mayoral bodyguard , filed his own whistle-blower suit , contending he was punished for supporting Nelthrope 's reports of wrongdoing by Kilpatrick and his bodyguards . The city of Detroit paid $ 8.4 million to settle the lawsuits , but legal fees have pushed that figure to at least $ 9 million . Prompted by the judge to recount his wrongdoing , Kilpatrick admitted Thursday , "  I lied under oath in the case of Gary Brown and Harold Nelthrope versus the city of Detroit . ... I did so with the intent to mislead the court and the jury and to impede and obstruct the fair administration of justice . " Watch Kilpatrick in court " When Circuit Court Judge David Groner asked Kilpatrick if he understood that by pleading guilty he was giving up the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty , the mayor said , "  I think I gave that up a long time ago , your honor . Yes . " Kilpatrick had faced eight felony counts . As part of the agreement , six counts related to misconduct in office were dropped , and a perjury count was changed to a second obstruction of justice charge . In a separate case against Kilpatrick , Groner on Thursday accepted a no-contest plea on an assault charge brought against the mayor in July after he allegedly shoved a police officer trying to serve a subpoena on a friend of Kilpatrick 's who was a potential witness in his perjury case . Groner set an October 28 sentencing date for both cases . Also Thursday , Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm adjourned a hearing on whether to remove Kilpatrick from office after he notified her of his pending resignation . "  Today , this sad but historic story is coming to an end , " Granholm said . "  It 's very important for us as a state and as a city to turn this page together . There is much work to do . It is my profound hope that we can now write a new history for this great but embattled city . " Watch Granholm call for a new chapter " The governor set the hearing after the Detroit City Council voted in May to ask her to remove Kilpatrick , alleging he had misled the council by not revealing the affair when he urged it to approve settlements with the people who had filed the whistle-blower suits against the city . If Kilpatrick does n't resign as promised , Granholm said the hearing would reconvene on September 22 . The Detroit City Council president , who becomes mayor when Kilpatrick steps down September 18 , vowed to make the transition as seamless as possible . Kilpatrick will be replaced in two weeks by City Council President Ken Cockrel Jr. , who vowed Thursday to make the transition "  as seamless as possible . "	NEW : Kilpatrick tells officials to work as hard on city as they did to oust him Kwame Kilpatrick pleads guilty to charges resulting from a sex scandal He is to resign from office and will serve four months in jail Kilpatrick also agrees not to run for public office during his five-year probation
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will open its market to most U.S. beef , a senior government official said Thursday , according to state media . Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the South Korean capital in protest at the deal South Korea banned imports of U.S. beef in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the United States . The ban closed what was then the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters . It resumed limited imports last year -- allowing boneless beef from cattle under 30 months of age -- but that re-opening was subject to interruptions and closed altogether in October 2007 . A deal that South Korea and the United States struck last month bans the import of high-risk materials , like tonsils , brains , spinal cord marrow and a section of the small intestine , Agriculture Minister Chung Woon-chun said Thursday , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . These parts pose the greatest risk of transmitting mad cow disease to humans . The ban will be lifted within a few days , once the government 's new import rules have been published . The pending resumption of U.S. beef imports has n't been without political costs for President Lee Myung-bak . He apologized to the nation last week for failing to fully understand concerns about mad cow disease . In downtown Seoul , thousands of people have regularly staged protests , chanting "  We do n't want crazy cows , " since the deal to revive beef imports was announced . And the main opposition party has taken up the fight . "  We will be forced to make a critical decision if the government pushes through its plan to announce resumption of beef imports , " said Sohn Hak-kyu , leader of the main opposition United Democratic Party , Yonhap reported . "  If the government and the ruling party ignore this warning , we will come up with every possible measure to stop them . " The opposition has already filed a suit to suspend implementation of new beef import terms , according to Yonhap . Lee 's ruling Grand National Party  GNP  is working to soothe tensions , saying that American beef is safe to eat and that adequate safety precautions have been taken . "  The government has tried its best to free the public from unnecessary concerns , and sufficient countermeasures have been prepared , " said Lee Hahn-koo , the party 's chief policymaker , Yonhap reported . When South Korea and the United States reached the deal in April to re-open the South Korean market , they removed the major obstacle to U.S. congressional approval of the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement  FTA  . Lee urged the National Assembly this month to ratify the agreement as soon as possible to provide fresh impetus to the sluggish Korean economy , saying it will create 300,000 jobs . But the opposition has promised to fight the FTA until the beef pact is nullified . In 2003 , the United States exported $ 815 million pounds of beef and beef variety meats to South Korea . The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $ 4 billion since the market closed , according to the U.S. Meat Export Federation .	South Korea to open market to most U.S. beef says government official Ban began in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the U.S. New agreement bans the import of high-risk materials , like tonsils and brains Thousands of S. Koreans have regularly staged protests against U.S. beef imports
CNN  -- Pope Francis and Vatican officials expressed hope that Palestinians and Israelis can forge a peace agreement "  as soon as possible " as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the pontiff Monday , the Vatican said . The meeting with Netanyahu at the Vatican 's Apostolic Palace comes months ahead of Francis ' anticipated trip to the Holy Land , a biblical region that includes Israel and the Palestinian territories . Netanyahu also met with the Vatican 's secretary of state , Archbishop Pietro Parolin . The discussions focused on "  the complex political and social situation in the Middle East , with particular reference to the reinstatement of negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , expressing hope that a just and lasting solution respecting the rights of both parties may be reached as soon as possible , " the Vatican said . Pope Francis calls for big changes in Roman Catholic Church Pope Francis is expected to visit Israel on May 25-26 , an official Israeli source told CNN last month . The Vatican would not confirm the exact dates of the trip . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas invited Francis to travel to the Palestinian territories during Abbas ' visit to the Vatican in October . Pope Francis met with Israeli President Shimon Peres at the Vatican in April . A Vatican communique issued after that meeting said they had discussed the hope for a speedy resumption of direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians . The Pope Emeritus , Benedict XVI , visited the Holy Land in May 2009 . PHOTOS : Pope Francis CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Vatican expresses hope for Israeli-Palestinian peace talks Netanyahu meets with pope at Vatican 's Apostolic Palace Pope expected to visit Israel , Palestinian territories next year
CNN  -- To the Republican voters in the other 49 states , I sympathize with you . It must be painful to turn on every cable and broadcast network , read the websites and follow the blogs and realize that you mean absolutely nothing when it comes to choosing a GOP nominee for president of the United States . Please , do n't even bother . Iowa has it all under control , and what happens there , and in New Hampshire , will settle the race once and for all . What a load of animal droppings on the Iowa farm fields . Conventional wisdom , which really means the opinions of the smart , politically savvy know-it-all sages in Washington , says that if you do n't win Iowa or place high there , you wo n't be able to raise the money to continue , and you might as well go home and lick your wounds . Remember when that was the standard talk in 2008 after then-Sen . Barack Obama won Iowa ? The political elites said if he beat Sen. Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire , the race was over . A lot of voters in the Granite State were offended to hear that , especially women , and backed Clinton . As a result , those two fought it out for another five months in a grueling race for the Democratic presidential nomination . It has always offended me that voters in the other states are seen as also-rans . And that 's the No. 1 reason why Michigan , Florida , Nevada and South Carolina threatened or successfully moved their primaries and caucuses : They wanted to matter , and not just accept what Iowa and New Hampshire gave them . No GOP candidate should entertain the notion of dropping out of the race based on what happens in Iowa on Tuesday night . Why end it after one state ? I bet former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty regrets dropping out after the Ames , Iowa , straw poll , which Rep. Michele Bachmann won . Was he having money issues ? Sure . But so were Bachmann , Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain . The latter two vaulted to the top of the polls based on debate performances . See , it paid to keep going . It 's true that Iowa can be a game changer if you are not expected to win . It was a huge boost for Obama in 2008 , but for past Iowa winners such as Mike Huckabee , Pat Buchanan and Paul Tsongas , it did n't lead to winning their respective party 's presidential nomination . Now I doubt Mitt Romney , Ron Paul or even Rick Santorum will slip up after Tuesday night , but no one knows for sure . We 've seen a lot of crazy things happen in this race so far . So we might as well be prepared for the unpredictable . In fact , I find it hilarious that so many folks in the chattering class say it 's all about Iowa , and Mitt Romney turns into The Dominator if he wins . Yet if Ron Paul wins , the results do n't matter . Really ? So excuse me if I sound like a contrarian by refusing to buy the media hype of putting so much on Iowa . It 's one of 50 states . It 's the first , sure . But it sure as hell should n't be the last , or even next to last , for all of the candidates . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin objects to the notion that you have to take Iowa to win Martin : No candidate should drop out based on performance in Iowa or New Hampshire The 48 other states must not be dismissed , he says ; changes in fortunes happen Iowa boosted Obama , he says , but not winners Huckabee , Buchanan or Tsongas
Two separate wrong-way wrecks killed 11 people early Sunday morning in Florida and California , officials said . Five people died in a crash on Interstate 275 in Tampa when a Ford Expedition , traveling south in the northbound lanes , collided head-on with a Hyundai , said Sgt. Steve Gaskins with the Florida Highway Patrol . Gaskins said the Expedition caught fire , and its driver was killed . The other four other people killed , all men ages 20 and 21 , were occupants in the Hyundai , he said . In Pomona , California , a wrong-way driver crashed into two other vehicles on State Route 60 , known locally as 60 Freeway , leaving six dead , according to California Highway Patrol Officer Jennifer Cassidy . KABC , a CNN affiliate , reported that the first driver was arrested on suspicion of DUI and manslaughter . Cassidy said the driver was hospitalized in critical condition . Cassidy said four people died at the scene and two others died at the hospital . Snow pileup kills 3	Two drivers headed the wrong way on highways led to fatal collisions , law enforcement says In Florida , five people , including the wrong-way driver , were killed in Tampa In California , a wrong-way driver was arrested after a collision killed six in two vehicles
The North Korean government is fuming over the release of the "  The Interview , " claiming President Barack Obama forced the film into theaters and onto streaming video services . "  U.S. President Obama is the chief culprit who forced the Sony Pictures Entertainment to ` indiscriminately distribute ' the movie and took the lead in appeasing and blackmailing cinema houses and theatres in the U.S. mainland to distribute the movie , " North Korea 's National Defense Commission said Saturday , according to state-run media . "  Obama always goes reckless in words and deeds like a monkey in a tropical forest . " In the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist who is granted an interview with North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un is asked to assassinate him . But when he arrives , the movie version of the dictator charms him . Later on , however , the two wage battle . ` Inescapable deadly blows ' Just getting "  The Interview " into theaters and online streams has been an ordeal . Sony Pictures had initially suspended the Christmas release of the movie after its IT systems were hacked by a group called the "  Guardians of Peace , " which had complained about the movie 's pending release . The group also warned of severe attacks on movie theaters showing the film . In the cyberattack , thieves took a possible record haul of 100 terabytes of data -- a slew of movies and other content , company secrets , personal information of employees and the Social Security numbers of celebrities . The FBI has blamed North Korea for that cyberattack . North Korea , in turn , slammed the United States for the accusation . "  If the U.S. is to persistently insist that the hacking attack was made by the DPRK , the U.S. should produce evidence without fail , though belatedly , " said the North Korean Defense Commission statement carried Saturday by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . "  If the U.S. persists in American-style arrogant , high-handed and gangster-like arbitrary practices despite the repeated warnings of the DPRK , the U.S. should bear in mind that its failed political affairs will face inescapable deadly blows . " U.S. accused over North Korean outage Pyongyang 's statement also accused the United States of being behind the crippling outage of North Korea 's Internet last week . "  The U.S. , a big country , started disturbing the internet operation of major media of the DPRK , " it said . The U.S. government last week declined to say whether it was responsible for the Internet disruption in North Korea . Obama had earlier warned the United States would "  respond proportionally " to the Sony hack . Obama had also expressed disappointment at the movie 's suspension , saying free speech had been stifled . "  We can not have a society in which some dictators someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States because if somebody is able to intimidate us out of releasing a satirical movie , imagine what they start doing once they see a documentary that they do n't like or news reports that they do n't like , " Obama said last week . "  That 's not who we are . That 's not what America is about . " Who 's behind the Sony cyberattack The FBI has said that the code of the malware used in the attack on Sony is similar to what North Korea has used in other attacks . But that code was leaked a long time ago , cyberexperts say , and any hacker around the world could have used it . Some U.S. cyberexperts say the evidence the FBI has presented is n't enough to isolate North Korea as the culprit . "  It 's clear to us , based on both forensic and other evidence we 've collected , that unequivocally they are not responsible for orchestrating or initiating the attack on Sony , " said Sam Glines , who runs cybersecurity company Norse . CNN has reached out to the FBI for comment on such doubt , but has not heard back . $ 1 million in one day After Sony Pictures said film distributors had decided not to show "  The Interview " for security reasons , Sony then arranged for direct distribution online via its own services , YouTube and through independent cinemas . A few hundred movie theaters decided to go ahead and show the film on Christmas . Sony had originally planned to release the movie in 2,000 to 3,000 theaters , but only about 300 played it . Nonetheless , the film raked in $ 1 million on its first day . While there were threats of attacks on theaters that showed the film , no major incidents were reported .	North Korea claims Obama is the "  chief culprit " who forced the distribution of the movie It also accuses the United States of being behind the disruption of the North Korean Internet Sony Pictures had suspended the movie 's release , but later showed it at independent cinemas The FBI blamed North Korea for a cyberattack against Sony ; a U.S. cyberexpert doubts that
CNN  -- The good news is that you 'll still be allowed to look out the window . The melancholy news is that you probably wo n't want to . Both Amtrak and Greyhound are in the midst of aggressive programs to install and expand free Wi-Fi service on their trains and buses . According to figures provided by officials of both companies , Amtrak and Greyhound , between them , carry around 50 million passengers a year on intercity routes . "  Our passengers tell us that they love to be able to use their computers for free as they travel , " said Amtrak spokeswoman Barbara Petito . "  Our passengers enjoy it a lot , " said Greyhound spokesman Timothy Stokes . Petito and Stokes undoubtedly are being truthful . For generations , it was taken as an article of faith that baseball was the national pastime . But several decades ago a wise social observer noted that baseball was n't the national pastime at all ; watching television had become the national pastime . And now -- it 's difficult to argue with this -- gazing at computer  or mobile telephone  screens has become the national pastime , whether we want it to be or not . It 's how we pass the time . "  All of our new coaches have Wi-Fi , and it 's our plan to make it systemwide , " said Greyhound 's Stokes .  Various discount-priced bus lines have featured Wi-Fi for some time . Amtrak 's Petito said the Acela Express trains on the East Coast already have free Wi-Fi , as do the Downeaster trains  between Boston , Massachusetts , and Portland , Maine  , the Coast Starlight  between Seattle , Washington , and Los Angeles , California  and the Pacific Surfliner  between San Luis Obispo , California , and San Diego , California  . "  It is Amtrak 's vision to outfit all of its services with Wi-Fi over the next few years as funding becomes available , " she said . There is an undeniable logic to that . Jet airliners are a much faster way to get from one part of the United States to another ; trains and buses take considerably longer , and passengers can grow weary and bored . Allowing them to connect to the internet , especially when it 's free , would seem to be a way to make the miles zip by . So what will be lost ? Journeys on Amtrak and Greyhound have , by default , been the last , best way to really look at America block by block , neighborhood by neighborhood , mile by mile . If you were driving your own car on a long trip , you mostly had your eyes on the highway ahead ; if you were flying , you were above the clouds . But on the train or on the bus you had little choice but to look out the window and take in the country as it rolled by . You could read a magazine or work on a crossword puzzle or knit , but those were things you could just as easily do at home . Moving from state to state at ground level felt different . On Amtrak especially , if you booked a compartment in one of the sleeper cars , your window had the approximate relative dimensions of a television screen : You could lean back and let the nation unfurl in front of you . It was like a visual novel , a freeform silent movie ; it was like passing through America 's endless backyard . It was the United States in a way you had allowed yourself to almost forget about . The one-of-a-kind storefronts , the people talking on small-town corners , the meticulously tended gardens , the lights in the windows waiting for someone to come home at the end of an evening -- they have always been there , but in our hurried daily lives we sometimes cease to pay attention . On the train or on the bus , paying attention was often the ideal option , the best way to deal with the tedium , and the whole thing could be unexpectedly lovely . It was the nicest traveler 's perk of all . It still can be , of course ; as Greyhound 's Stokes said , "  You always have the choice . " But if recent social history has taught us anything , it 's that the actual world around us is frequently no match for the seductiveness of a screen . If you need proof of that , it 's right in front of you on any city street , as people stroll along oblivious to their immediate surroundings , their eyes locked on the information being delivered to them on their phones and handheld devices . We seem to have become hopelessly addicted . So you can bet that , as the trains and interstate buses eventually are all fitted for complimentary Wi-Fi , and as the technical kinks are worked out and the connectivity becomes close to seamless , passengers will become accustomed to logging on to the internet from before they even pull out of the station until the moment they arrive at their destination . There 's no disputing that , in a fundamental way , this is progress ; it will make the miles and hours seem to go by more quickly , it will allow passengers to feel they have not really left the world from which they have just departed , it will keep them tethered and productive . It will give the welcome illusion of shortening the journey . And maybe once in a while , as they look up from the computer for a moment and glance out the window -- at a Friday night football game in a town they 've never passed through before and will never pass through again , at a diner whose owner is unlocking and opening the front door as the first tentative rays of one more dawn have just begun to glow , at the tired expression on the face of a motorist alone in his car at a railroad crossing , waiting patiently for the Amtrak train to speed by so he can get to wherever he needs to be . ... Maybe , once in a while , the people on the train or on the bus will gratefully take in the greatest free show of all , the one that is n't delivered out of the ether and onto a screen , the one that once was referred to as life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says Amtrak and Greyhound are bringing Wi-FI to their 50 million passengers Trains and buses need a way to compete with planes ; Wi-Fi may be an answer , writes Greene Trains and buses were a way to experience "  America 's backyard , " writes Greene He says we have become oblivious to our surroundings due to technology
MOSCOW , Russia  Reuters  -- Russian explorers have dived deep below the North Pole in a submersible and planted their national flag on the seabed to stake a symbolic claim to the energy riches of the Arctic . The Akademik Fedorov research ship carried about 100 scientists to the region . A mechanical arm on Thursday dropped a specially made , rust-proof titanium flag painted with the Russian tricolor on to the Arctic seabed at a depth of 4,261 meters  13,980 feet  . "  It was so lovely down there , " Itar-Tass news agency quoted expedition leader Artur Chilingarov as saying as he emerged from one of two submersibles that made the dive . "  If a hundred or a thousand years from now someone goes down to where we were , they will see the Russian flag , " said Chilingarov , 67 , a top pro-Kremlin member of parliament . Russia wants to extend right up to the North Pole the territory it controls in the Arctic , believed to hold vast reserves of untapped oil and natural gas , which is expected to become more accessible as climate change melts the ice . President Vladimir Putin congratulated the expedition by telephone on "  the outstanding scientific project , " local agencies reported . Boris Gryzlov , who heads the State Duma lower chamber of parliament and the pro-Kremlin United Russia party , hailed the expedition as "  a new stage of developing Russia 's polar riches . " "  This is fully in line with Russia 's strategic interests , " local media quoted him as saying . "  I am proud our country remains the leader in conquering the Arctic . I am proud United Russia members took part in this unprecedented mission . " Major Russian channels aired a message from the Russian crew manning the International Space Station who said "  this achievement must inspire the younger generation " . Earlier on Thursday Canada mocked Russia 's ambitions and said the expedition was nothing more than a show . "  This is n't the 15th century . You ca n't go around the world and just plant flags and say ` We 're claiming this territory ' , " Canadian Foreign Minister Peter MacKay told CTV television . Under international law , the five states with territory inside the Arctic Circle -- Canada , Norway , Russia , the United States and Denmark via its control of Greenland -- have a 320-kilometer  200-mile  economic zone around the north of their coastline . Russia is claiming a larger slice extending as far as the pole because , Moscow says , the Arctic seabed and Siberia are linked by one continental shelf . "  Then Russia can give foundation to its claim to more than a million square kilometers of the oceanic shelf , " said a news reader for Russia 's state news channel Vesti-24 , which made the expedition its top news story . Russian media have said the move could raise tension with the United States in a battle for Arctic gas . "  I 'm not sure of whether they 've put a metal flag , a rubber flag or a bed sheet on the ocean floor . Either way , it does n't have any legal standing or effect on this claim , " State Department deputy spokesman Tom Casey told reporters . A Tass reporter on board the mission support ship said crew members cheered as Chilingarov climbed out of the submersible and was handed a pair of slippers . "  This may sound grandiloquent but for me this is like placing a flag on the moon , this is really a massive scientific achievement , " Sergei Balyasnikov , spokesman for Russia 's Arctic and Antarctic Institute , told Reuters . Russia says the mission is intended to show that the Lomonosov ridge , a 1,800-kilometer underwater mountain range that extends under the Arctic to near the pole , is a geological extension of Russian territory . It denied it was a land grab . "  The aim of this expedition is not to stake Russia 's claim but to show that our shelf reaches to the North Pole , " Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters in Manila , where he is attending a regional security conference . The Mir-1 submersible reached the seabed at 1208 Moscow time  0808 GMT  and returned to the surface exactly six hours later . A second Russian submersible , manned by Swedish businessman Frederik Paulsen and Australian adventurer Mike McDowell , reached the seabed 27 minutes later . It reached a depth of 4,302 meters . Soviet and U.S. nuclear submarines have often traveled under the polar icecap , but until Thursday none had reached the seabed under the pole . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	A Russian sub plants the country 's flag on the bottom of the Arctic Ocean The mission aims to symbolically claim the region , believed to be rich in oil The second submersible is expected to reach the seabed soon
CNN Student News  -- September 17 , 2013 Today 's show begins with a report on a shooting at a U.S. Navy facility in the nation 's capital . We also share the results of a U.N. investigation into chemical weapons in Syria , and we hear how residents react to severe flooding in Colorado . Plus , as America marks Constitution Day , CNN Student News tests students ' knowledge of the historic document with our Constitution quiz . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might journalists face in reporting on news as it happens ? What could they do to verify information in situations of breaking news ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . precipitation 2 . war crime 3 . U.S. Constitution Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is known about a shooting that happened at the Washington Navy Yard yesterday ? 2 . In what country did the Mount Sinabung volcano erupt ? 3 . Who is known as the "  Father of the U.S. Constitution " ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What questions remain unanswered about a shooting at the Washington Navy Yard ? How do you think law enforcement is searching for answers to these questions ? 2 . What do you think might be some of the damage associated with massive flooding in Colorado and Mexico ? What do you think might be some of the priorities for officials and survivors of flooding ? What kinds of repairs and recovery efforts might be needed in the long term ? 3 . Why might it be important for a government to establish a written constitution ? What do you think has contributed to the U.S. Constitution 's longevity ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. Colorado Mexico Asia Syria Indonesia FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Prepackaged salad mix has been pinpointed as the source of an outbreak of cyclospora -- an intestinal illness tied to a rare type of parasite -- that has sickened scores of people in Iowa and Nebraska , health authorities in those states said Tuesday . More than 100 Iowans and 78 Nebraskans have fallen ill with the disease since last month , those states ' health departments said . Five people have been hospitalized as a result in Nebraska , where health officials say new cases of cyclospora are reported daily . Investigations commonly led authorities in both states to conclude that a bagged blend of iceberg and romaine lettuce , red cabbage and carrots is to blame , with Nebraska noting the mix had been prewashed . State and federal authorities are still trying to determine exactly where the product was sold or under what brand name . The Nebraska alert noted that it "  came through national distribution channels " and that "  locally grown produce is not part of this outbreak . " Fruit-related hepatitis A outbreak spreads Iowa authorities found that about 80 % of those who fell ill had prepackaged salad , but the allegedly tainted product was apparently no longer on grocers ' shelves by the time investigators were alerted . The upside of this delay ? "  Iowans should continue eating salads as the implicated prepackaged salad mix is no longer in the state 's food supply chain , " said Steven Mandernach , the head of that state 's food and consumer safety bureau . Foodborne illness is on the rise What 's happening in Iowa and Nebraska may be linked to 122 cyclospora cases in Texas , that state 's department of health services said . As of Tuesday , authorities had not singled out a common source for the Lone Star State 's outbreak , which is largely centered in and around Dallas and Fort Worth . The U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention has been collaborating with health officials in numerous states since late June trying to pin down what 's causing the spate of cyclospora cases . People get the disease by eating food or drinking water that 's been contaminated with feces with the parasite , according to the CDC . The ailment -- which strike in places where cyclospora is common , like tropical or subtropical regions , but is occasionally seen in the United States as well -- causes symptoms such as diarrhea , weight loss and nausea that can last anywhere from a few days to more than a month . More food safety news	Scores of cyclospora cases have been reported in Iowa , Nebraska Authorities say a bagged salad mix is the source of the illness It 's not known whether these states ' outbreaks are related to one in Texas Cyclospora is a rare parasite found in feces that causes intestinal woes
PYONGYANG , North Korea  CNN  -- North Korea handed over its long-awaited nuclear program declaration to officials from China on Thursday . Workers remove fuel rods on the reactor floor at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility this year . President Bush , who once branded North Korea as part of an "  axis of evil , " welcomed the move and said he intends to remove the communist nation from the U.S. list of states that sponsor terrorism . "  The declaration says : ` We are not now engaged in any -LSB- uranium -RSB- enrichment activities or -LSB- nuclear -RSB- proliferation activities and will not engage in them in the future , ' " U.S. National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley said in Washington . "  It is a good first step in getting the kind of disclosure and transparency into North Korea 's nuclear activities as part of and a step toward their disablement , dismantlement and termination of those activities , " Hadley said . North Korea handed over the declaration to officials from China , which led the six-nation talks that hammered out the conditions of the agreement . In addition to China and the United States , the talks included South Korea , Japan and Russia . Watch what 's still unknown after Pyongyang 's declaration " Bush said he will call for the lifting of sanctions against North Korea under the Trading With the Enemy Act and notify Congress that he intends to take Pyongyang off the terror list . That move will take 45 days . But North Korea will have to end its nuclear activities in a "  verifiable " way , Bush said in the White House Rose Garden . "  The United States has no illusions about the regime in Pyongyang , " he said . "  We remain deeply concerned about North Korea 's human rights abuses , uranium enrichment activities , nuclear testing and proliferation , ballistic missile programs and the threat it continues to pose to South Korea and its neighbors . "  Yet we welcome today 's development as one step of a multistep process . " According to a senior U.S. State Department official , the 60-page declaration , written in English , details several rounds of plutonium production at Yongbyon , North Korea dating back to 1986 . North Korea acknowledges producing roughly 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium -- enough for about seven nuclear bombs , the official said . The nation already has tested one nuclear bomb , which would have used about 6 kilograms of plutonium . After the declaration 's submission , representatives from the United States and other members of the six-party talks will begin a process of verifying whether Pyongyang 's declarations are true . Analyst John Wolfsthal of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said experts needed to be on the ground , taking samples and analyzing data . "  We do n't trust North Korea ; we do n't take them at their word , " said Wolfsthal , who has followed the secretive country for about two decades . "  We need to put together basically a jigsaw puzzle from pieces of data without really seeing the cover of the box , " he said of North Korea 's nuclear program . Hadley said the declaration also should provide details on how much plutonium North Korea says it has produced , which will allow the U.S. to calculate the size of Pyongyang 's nuclear arsenal . Hadley said that information is not included in the declaration . Watch why the plutonium question is so important " The United States also needs to learn more about Pyongyang 's previous nuclear activities , including the spread of nuclear technology and information to other countries , Hadley added . "  We have concerns about their past activities , " Hadley said . "  We have made those concerns clear . The North Koreans acknowledge those concerns . That is what is ahead of us . "  In order for this process to go forward ... we are going to need to be able to get to the bottom of these issues , with respect to plutonium , enrichment , proliferation , " he said . The easing of U.S. sanctions on North Korea will have little practical effect . "  North Korea will remain one of the most heavily sanctioned nations in the world , " Bush said . The agreement includes additional monitoring to assure that Pyongyang receives promised economic and energy assistance in exchange for dismantling its nuclear program . Under the agreement , leaders in Pyongyang agreed to provide a full accounting of the plutonium , "  acknowledge " concerns about its nuclear proliferation and uranium enrichment activities , and continue to cooperate with a process to ensure that no further activities are taking place . During negotiations , the United States ultimately softened demands that North Korea admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and supplying Syria with nuclear technology , sticking points that had stalled the talks for months . U.S. officials said the final deal was n't perfect but offered Washington its best chance to learn about North Korea 's nuclear activities . "  Multilateral diplomacy is the best way to peacefully resolve the nuclear issue , " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said . "  North Korea should seize this moment of opportunity to restore its relationship with the international community . " On Friday , North Korea is set to implode a cooling tower at its Yongbyon nuclear reactor . Nuclear experts have begun dismantling the plant 's main reactor , but the destruction of the cooling tower is expected to be a powerful public symbol . And it is a step that would take North Korea more than a year to reverse , according to U.S. State Department officials . In a rare move , North Korea has invited international news organizations , including CNN , to witness the tower 's destruction . The United States put North Korea on its state-sponsored terror list in January 1988 after its alleged involvement with the 1987 bombing of a South Korean airliner . The Korean Air Lines flight crashed into the Indian Ocean , killing all 115 people on board . CNN 's Zain Verjee , John Vause and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report .	North Korea gives documents on nuclear activities to Chinese officials President Bush welcomes decision , warns North Korea still has work to do North Korea expected to continue preparations to dismantle a nuclear reactor Bush says he 'll remove North Korea from list of state sponsors of terrorism
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates flew into Iraq on Monday to oversee a change of command of American forces . Robert Gates is greeted Monday at Baghdad International Airport by Army Lt. Gen. Lloyd Austin . Gen. Ray Odierno will take over command Tuesday from Gen. David Petraeus , whose 20-month term in Iraq saw a significant decline in violence with the deployment of additional U.S. troops . U.S. forces are in "  mission transition , " Gates said Monday , with some troops going home and others backing up Iraqis . "  There is no question we will still be engaged , but the areas in which we are seriously engaged will continue to narrow , " Gates said during his flight to Iraq . "  The challenge for Odierno is how do we work with the Iraqis to preserve the gains we 've already achieved and expand on them even as the number of U.S. forces are shrinking . " Odierno is expected to set the stage for an eventual U.S. withdrawal . Petraeus will become the new chief of U.S. Central Command , in charge of American forces in the Middle East and Afghanistan . Gates , who is making his eighth trip to Iraq , said Petraeus played a "  historic role " during his tenure . "  I think he would be the first to acknowledge that he has had a brilliant strategy , " he said . "  But it has been the brigade commanders and company commanders and the soldiers and Marines and others on the ground who have actually made it work . "  We have lost a lot of lives , but it 's really been an extraordinary effort of translations of a great strategy into a great success in a very difficult circumstance . " At a dinner on the eve of the change-of-command ceremony , Gates presented Petraeus with the Defense Superior Service Medal . He also gave Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , the Distinguished Civilian Service Award -- the highest award given by the secretary of Defense to those not in uniform . "  I have never seen a working relationship like this , " Gates told the two men . "  To find leaders to do what many considered impossible , you two are such men . " Odierno will receive his fourth star on Tuesday in a separate ceremony ahead of the change-of-command ceremony . The defense secretary on Monday also met with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and told the Iraqi leader that he has seen a notable improvement in security since his first visit to the country nearly two years ago , according to a statement released by the prime minister 's office . Gates said the cooperation between Iraqi security forces and coalition forces was responsible for the improvement in security , according to the statement , and al-Maliki praised the successes of the Iraqi armed forces . The prime minister said the gains have brought about a greater sense of normalcy in the country , allowing many internally displaced Iraqis to return to their homes . They also have spurred the economy , he said . The situation in Iraq is far different from that in past years , the prime minister noted . As Gates arrived in Iraq , three bombings -- two in Baghdad and one in Diyala province 's Balad Ruz -- provided a rude counterpoint to that message . Two car bombs went off in central Baghdad . The blasts killed 12 people and wounded 36 in the commercial area of the Karrada district , an Interior Ministry official said . The U.S. blamed al Qaeda in Iraq , but gave a lower death toll , saying two "  possible " car bombs killed six people and wounded 27 . In Balad Ruz , a female suicide bomber detonated explosives at the house of a former U.S. detainee , killing at least 22 people and wounding 33 , according to a Diyala security official . The U.S. military also blamed al Qaeda in Iraq for a car bombing Friday in Dujail , north of Baghdad . The Interior Ministry said at least 30 people were killed and 45 wounded ; the U.S. said 31 were killed and 40 were wounded . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Defense Secretary Robert Gates says U.S. troops in midst of "  mission transition " Gen. Ray Odierno taking over command in Iraq from Gen. David Petraeus Odierno expected to set stage for eventual U.S. withdrawal
Taking the stand on Wednesday , the third day of the George Zimmerman trial , a friend of Trayvon Martin testified Wednesday about the final moments of the teenager 's life , saying that Martin told her someone was following him . "  A man was watching him , " said Rachel Jeantel , 19 , who was on the phone with Martin just before he was fatally shot . "  He said the man kept watching him . He kept complaining that a man was just watching him . " That man was Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch captain charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Martin in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 , 2012 . He told police he was pursuing the teenager because there had been a rash of crime in the area . A confrontation ensued , and Zimmerman said he was forced to kill Martin in self-defense . Jeantel testified that as he neared the home of his father 's girlfriend , Martin tried to lose Zimmerman . "  And then he said , ` That N-word is still following me now , ' " said Jeantel . "  I asked him how the man looked like . He just told me the man looked ` creepy . ' ` Creepy , white ' -- excuse my language -- ` cracker . Creepy -LSB- expletive -RSB- cracker . " Jeantel says she heard Martin talking to Zimmerman in the background of the call . "  He said , ` Why are you following me for ? ' And I heard a hard-breathing man say , ` What you doing around here ? ' " said Jeantel . Jeantel also said she heard a bump from Martin 's headset hitting something and "  wet grass sounds . " "  I start hearing a little bit of Trayvon saying , ` Get off , get off ! ' " said Jeantel . Fast facts : Trayvon Martin shooting She told the prosecutor that the screams for help heard on the 911 call made by a neighbor belong to Martin . But on cross-examination , defense attorney Don West read part of a transcript from Jeantel 's deposition , in which she said she was n't sure if it was Martin 's voice or not . "  It could be . Like I said , I do n't know but it could be , " said Jeantel , according to the transcript . "  The dude sound kind of like Trayvon . Trayvon do got that soft voice and that baby voice sometimes , so it could be , I do n't know . " Jeantel admitted to West that she lied several times to Martin 's family . She said she told them she was 16 , not 18 , because she wanted to be treated like a minor and have privacy . She also said she lied about not attending Martin 's memorial service because she was in the hospital . The truth , she said , was that she was afraid to see the body . "  You got to understand , you the last person to talk to the person and he died on the phone after you talked to him -- you got to understand what I 'm trying to tell you , " said Jeantel . "  I 'm the last person , you do n't know how it felt . You think I really want to go see the body after I just talked to him ? " Jeantel said . Jeantel appeared to get frustrated several times during the cross-examination , including one time when West suggested they could break until the morning so she 'd have more time to review the deposition transcript . "  No , I 'm leaving today , " Jeantel told the defense attorney as she looked over the papers . "  Are you refusing to come back tomorrow ? " asked West . The judge stepped in and asked West to keep the questions and answers to Jeantel 's testimony . Earlier in the afternoon , jurors heard five other non-emergency calls Zimmerman made reporting suspicious people in his neighborhood . The defense wanted the calls to be thrown out , questioning their relevance , but the judge ruled they would be allowed in . Prosecutors had argued that the calls show Zimmerman 's state of mind the night he shot Martin . In one of the calls , made on February 2 , 2012 , about three weeks before Martin 's death , Zimmerman told the dispatcher he saw a black man walking around a neighbor 's home . He said he also had seen this man walking around the neighborhood on trash days . "  I do n't know what he 's doing , I do n't want to approach him , personally , " said Zimmerman on the recording . Opening statements : Expletives and a knock-knock joke In another call made in October 2011 , Zimmerman reported two "  suspicious characters " who were "  just hanging out , loitering " in his neighborhood . When the dispatcher asked if he can still see the suspects , Zimmerman said no because he "  did n't want to attract attention " to himself . An eyewitness who also testified on Wednesday said she heard what sounded "  like a boy " cry for help during the altercation that ended in Martin 's death . Jayne Surdyka , Zimmerman 's former neighbor , said she heard screams and opened her window to look out into the courtyard on the night of the shooting . Defense attorney West challenged Surdyka about what she heard that night , saying it is possible for a teenager to have a deeper voice and for a man to have a higher-pitched voice . "  It sounded more like a boy to me , " said Surdyka . Multiple times , Surdyka said she saw two men struggling on the ground , one on top of the other , but she could n't discern who was on top because it was dark and rainy that night . Prosecutor Bernie De La Rionda played for the jury the 911 call Surdyka made the night of shooting . On the recording , Surdyka is heard crying and becoming hysterical . The 911 operator stayed on the phone with her to calm her down . Prosecutors also called Jeannee Manalo , another witness , to the stand Wednesday . Manalo testified that from her point of view inside her townhome , she could see two men struggling on the ground . She also said she believes Zimmerman was on top of Martin during the altercation and that she could see his hands moving . During cross-examination , Manalo said photographs she saw on the news of a younger Martin support her view that Zimmerman was on top during the altercation . Defense attorney Mark O'Mara asked her if she had ever seen recent photos of Martin . She said no but maintained that based on the photographs , the bigger person was on top , and Zimmerman seemed to be the bigger person . Before court recessed for the day , the defense told the judge it expects to need a couple more hours to question Martin 's friend , Jeantel . Testimony is scheduled to resume Thursday at 9 a.m. ET . Opinion : What Zimmerman 's all-female jury says	The woman was on the phone with Trayvon Martin moments before he died Rachel Jeantel testifies that Martin told her a man was watching him Martin asked the man "  Why are you following me for ? " Jeantel says An earlier prosecution witness says she heard a "  boy " cry for help
CNN  -- "  I love to suffer , " says extreme surf photographer Chris Burkard . That much is clearly evident from his incredible portfolio  see photo gallery below left  , built up from shooting surfers as they ride waves in some of the most extreme places on the planet . The California-based photographer hikes glaciers , dons wetsuits and routinely gets slammed by his subjects  unintentionally  as he tries to get as close as possible to the action . His latest project is documented in a stunning video collaboration with SmugMug Films , part of a behind-the-scenes series highlighting photographers at work . Risking his life for the perfect wave Shot over a two-week period in Norway , the film , called "  Arctic Swell - Surfing the ends of the earth , " shows Burkard and his surfing companions battling blizzards as they catch freezing Arctic swells . "  You feel like you 're really paying the price but the greatest rewards come , " says Burkard . We asked the photographer why he chases storms and swells and where he loves to shoot most . CNN : How long have you been chasing extreme wave shots ? Burkard : I started chasing waves with my surfing and bodyboarding friends as a teenager because I found a certain thrill in being a part of the ocean 's energy . I feel that places with extreme waves make for the best stories , which is why I 'll continue to chase not just extreme waves but also extreme landscapes in the remote corners of the world . CNN : Do you surf yourself ? Burkard : I surfed a bit growing up but it was always more about the ocean for me than about the sport of surfing . The ocean was really my inspiration in the beginning of my photography career and continues to motivate me every day . I try to get in the water daily because it seems to have the ability to constantly rejuvenate and inspire me in all aspects of life . Living near the beach has also provided me the ability to be constantly near great waves and surfers . Central California is an amazing coastline and no matter where I travel , coming home to this stretch of coast gets me excited . CNN : Tell us about shooting this video . Burkard : We traveled to Norway in the spring , when the weather is constantly in flux . Storms shift in out of nowhere and sunny skies can quickly become blizzards . We spent the entire two weeks of the trip in the Lofoten Islands staying in a cabin not far from the beach . When we were n't surfing we were warming ourselves up in hot springs and near bonfires . CNN : What kind of media/audiences have the biggest appetite for your kind of work ? Burkard : My portfolio is saturated with tons of surf imagery but I aim to make it appeal to bigger audiences . It 's not just for the surfers out there but also the travelers and nature enthusiasts and really anyone who dreams of visiting these places . CNN : Do you have a particularly memorable anecdote from the trip ? Burkard : The Arctic and Norway always lend themselves to a ridiculous amount of freezing . When we first arrived on the beach the waves were hardly visible because of the storm -- as we opened our doors the chill of the wind , hail and snow spread up our bodies and it felt like our core temperature dropped 20 degrees in a matter of seconds . I 'd told the guys mid-flight that they had to be ready for any type of weather when we landed , but honestly did not expect this strong of a storm to be sweeping through . The session only lasted about 40 minutes as the guys could barely drop into waves with the snow and hail blowing against their faces . They said it was impossible to even open their eyes on some of the waves and were essentially surfing blind . CNN : What are three of your favorite places to photograph ? Burkard : Central California . It 's been my home for 28 years . I 've lived in nearly every city and traveled to as much of the beautiful surroundings that this section of the coastline offers . There 's so much variety in this region from camping above the clouds in Big Sur to exploring other worldly dunes near Pismo Beach . I 've been to Iceland 13 times and will continue to go back for its unparalleled rawness from the beaches to the mountains . Iceland delivers with hot springs , ice lakes and some of my favorite beaches like Vik and Hofn . The Pacific Northwest offers a diverse landscape with waterfalls , forests , mountains , lakes and a rugged coastline . Oregon summers are close to perfect with temperatures in the mid-80s and sunny skies . Oregon claims they have their own seven wonders with Mt Hood , Columbia River Gorge , the Wallowas , Painted Hills , Crater Lake , the Coast and Smith Rock . I 've been to five of them and they are totally worth it . I recommend a road trip . CNN : What 's your next big project ? Burkard : I 'm balancing my work between editorial and commercial projects and looking to line a few trips up for the fall . I 'm organizing a few road trips with my sponsors as well as potentially a trip back to the Arctic . I 'm also working on a children 's book with The Dream Press . CNN : Ever had any mishaps ? Burkard : Much of the actual accidents with my surf photography have happened in the water . One of my most memorable experiences was when I went to Kamchatka , Russia . My passport had the wrong date on it and we argued about it for three hours and then the Russia customs security threw me in a jail cell . I was in Vladivostok , a port city on the Sea of Japan . It 's like the Wild West out there . I spent 24 hours in a dirty holding cell -- it was basically a really gnarly hotel room with a guard at door . Then I got deported to Korea . When I went back in 2012 , it was sort of a redemption but I was scared and a little nervous it would happen again . CNN : How do you get those in-the-water surfing shots ? Burkard : It 's a challenge to nail that perfect capture of a breaking wave or an action shot . One of the biggest challenges is probably just swimming in the water and often swimming in some precarious situations while trying to get as close as you can to the surfers . There have been many times I have taken water housings to the face or collided with the athlete . Though it 's dangerous it 's just part of the job . The ability to capture those shots happens through good positioning and being a nimble swimmer . Water shots are tough to get because you 're literally dealing in inches . CNN : How often do you travel ? Burkard : I travel about six to eight months out of the year and it 's the foundation for a lot of my work . I 've spent the better part the last 10 years chasing down cold surf in the Arctic and other remote parts of the globe . I operate under the impression that travel should leave marks on you . My style of traveling for surfing in particular is a different approach than most people are used to . I 'm drawn to places that are a bit more rugged and I love treating surf trips similar to some might treat travel to the mountains , preparing for every situation and making the extra effort to explore a foreign land . CNN : What kind of photographer do you call yourself ? Burkard : I originally thought of myself as a landscape photographer or a surf photographer but I hate to categorize myself in just one category . I find my work definitely incorporates a lot of those elements of adventure , travel and extreme sports .	Extreme surf photographer Chris Burkard chases Arctic swells for work Latest project documented in stunning SmugMug video showing extreme conditions Favorite places to shoot include Iceland and Central California
CNN  -- Inter Milan have won the Italian Serie A title for a fifth successive season -- and the 18th time in their illustrious history -- after Diego Milito 's goal gave them a 1-0 win at Siena on Sunday . Jose Mourinho 's side needed nothing less than a victory to secure the Scudetto and they achieved that feat in the 57th-minute when striker Milito collected a pass from fellow-Argentine Javier Zanetti , before firing home a shot with the outside of his right foot . A draw would have allowed second-placed Roma to snatch the title with a win at Chievo and Claudio Ranieri 's side kept up their side of the deal with a 2-0 success . Mirko Vucinic volleyed home Daniele De Rossi 's through-ball in the 39th minute and Italian international De Rossi added a second on the stroke of half-time with a superb long-range strike . With only 45 minutes remaining of the season , Roma were in pole position to win their first title since 2001 -- but Milito 's strike ensured Inter became the first team since Juventus in the 1930 's to win five titles on the bounce . The result , which condemned Siena to relegation to Serie B alongside Atalanta and Livorno , also means Inter Milan will now face Bayern Munich in next weekend 's Champions League final in Madrid with both sides bidding for a unique treble . "  This is an incredible joy , a reward for all the hard work we 've put in over the year , " Milito told reporters . "  From tomorrow we will think about that great Champions Lague final . " Like the Bavarian giants , Inter have now added the league title to their domestic cup triumph -- and Saturday 's Bernabeu showdown now ensures one of the two teams will secure a rare treble of trophies this season . For Mourinho , who has overseen Inter 's last two Scudetto wins , there is the added incentive of joining a select band of coaches to have won the Champions League with two different clubs , following his success with Porto in 2004 .	Inter Milan win the Italian Serie A title for a fifth successive year after beating Siena 1-0 Diego Milito scores the only goal as Inter add the Scudetto to their Italian Cup triumph Roma finish two points behind in second position after a 2-0 victory at Chievo
CNN  -- Three Americans and a Panamanian died when their plane crashed during a mission to monitor drug trafficking in northern Colombia Sunday , U.S. officials said . Two Americans survived the crash near the city of Capurgana , Colombia , and were rescued by Colombian military forces , according to a statement from the U.S. military 's Southern Command . The survivors were taken to a hospital in Bogota , it said . "  There is no indication the plane was shot down , " the U.S. military 's statement said . Communications with the DH-8 aircraft , which was contracted by the U.S. government , was lost over the western Caribbean Sea near Panama 's border with Colombia , the statement said . The news release did not identify the Americans or reveal what organization they were working for . The Panamanian who died was a member of Panama 's Air National Guard , it said . The plane 's mission was to "  provide detection and monitoring of drug trafficking routes in the coastal region of Central America as part of Operation Martillo , " it said . "  We express our sympathies to the families of the deceased , and are particularly saddened by the loss of a Panamanian Air National Guardsman , " said Gen. John Kelly , commander of the U.S. Southern Command.Â Â "  We also want to thank the Colombians for their outstanding rescue and recovery efforts . " More than $ 1 million tossed from a plane in Bolivia	Two Americans who survived the crash were rescued by Colombian military forces Officials did not identify the Americans or what organization they worked for "  There is no indication the plane was shot down , " the U.S. military said The mission was to detect and monitor of drug trafficking routes in Central America
CNN  -- Australia showed no mercy for earthquake-hit neighbors New Zealand as a fine bowling display earned the defending champions a seven-wicket victory at the 2011 Cricket World Cup in Nagpur on Friday . A minute 's silence was observed before the match to honor the victims of Tuesday 's quake in Christchurch , which has left more than 110 people dead , and both teams -- wearing black armbands -- huddled together in a display of solidarity . But once the action began , the Kiwis struggled to perform after losing the toss and being sent into bat . When Ross Taylor became Shaun Tait 's third victim with the last ball of the 17th over , New Zealand had collapsed to 73-6 . New Zealand death toll rises Nathan McCullum showed some resistance with 52 off 76 balls , and captain Daniel Vettori hit a lusty 44 off 43 deliveries , but the Black Caps could bat only 45.1 of their allotted 50 overs to be all out for a disappointing 206 . Left-arm fast bowler Mitchell Johnson was the pick of the Australian bowlers with figures of 4-33 off 9.1 overs , while Tait took 3-35 from seven overs . Australia , seeking a fourth successive title and fifth overall , then made light work of the run chase to clinch a second win from two Group A games -- and 25th in a row at the four-yearly tournament . Openers Shane Watson  62  and Brad Haddin  55  put on 133 in just 18 overs , while vice-captain Michael Clarke  24  and Cameron White  22  were unbeaten as they came home with 16 overs to spare -- helped by a sloppy 29 wides from the New Zealand bowlers . Vettori said the tragic events back home could not be used as an excuse for his team 's poor performance . "  It would be unfair to the people who are going through a lot worse than we are over here to say that was the reason we did n't play very well today . We 're professional sportsmen and we have to get up for these games , " he told reporters in quotes carried by the AFP agency . Australia fast bowler Doug Bollinger has been ruled out for the rest of the tournament , having also missed the opening win over Zimbabwe after suffering an ankle injury in a warm-up match . West Indies all-rounder Dwayne Bravo will be out for four weeks after suffering a similar problem in Thursday 's defeat by South Africa , ending his participation unless his team reach the semifinals . In Friday 's Group B action , Bangladesh survived a big scare before avoiding a second consecutive defeat , beating Ireland by 27 runs in Dhaka . Bangladesh , beaten by co-hosts India in the opening game of the tournament , were bowled out for just 205 in the final over despite making a roaring start on a slow pitch . Opener Tamim Iqbal top-scored with 44 off 43 balls but after he was third man out with the total at 68 in the 12th over , captain Mushfiqur Rahim  36  and Raqibul Hasan  38  played patient innings to steady proceedings . However , South Africa-born Andre Botha  3-32  , left-arm spinner George Dockrell  2-23  and Australia-born Trent Johnston  2-40  combined to give the Irish hope of repeating their win over Bangladesh at the 2007 World Cup . And the run chase was looking good at 151-5 , but then Kevin O'Brien  37  became the first of four victims for young fast bowler Shafiul Islam in the 37th over as the last six wickets fell for just 27 runs . On Saturday , Sri Lanka , the third of the tournament 's hosts , take on Pakistan in a Group A match in Colombo . Both teams won their opening matches .	Cricket World Cup champions Australia cruise to victory against New Zealand NZ captain insists Christchurch earthquake was no excuse for poor display Co-hosts Bangladesh boost quarterfinal hopes with 27-run win over Ireland Irish beat Bangladesh at last World Cup in 2007 , but batsmen wasted good start
CNN  -- Russia 's anti-gay laws are "  no problem whatsoever , " according to a leading Olympic official . Lamine Diack , president of the International Association of Athletics Federations , has called for Russian law to be respected ahead of his sport 's world championships , which begin in Moscow on Saturday . Russian President Vladimir Putin last month signed into effect a law which bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear . It has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . "  I do n't feel there is a problem whatsoever , " Diack , a member of the International Olympic Committee , told reporters . "  Russia has their laws . Each athlete can have their own private life , so we wo n't call upon people about this and that . "  This law has to be respected . We are here for the World Championships and have no problem whatsoever and I 'm not worried at all . " The new laws have led to calls for the 2014 Winter Olympics , set to be held in the city of Sochi , to be taken away from Russia . A 320,000-signature petition protesting the country 's stance on gay rights ahead of the Games was presented to Olympic bosses in Switzerland on Wednesday . Responding to the petition , International Olympic Committee  IOC  president Jacques Rogge reaffirmed the Olympic movement 's commitment to freedom of expression . "  The Olympic charter is clear . A sport is a human right and it should be available to all , regardless of race , sex or sexual orientation , " said Rogge in a statement . " As far as the freedom of expression is concerned , of course , this is something that is important . " According to the IOC 's statement , the Russian government has confirmed the new legislation will not apply to athletes and tourists during the Games . "  This legislation has just been passed into law and it remains to be seen whether and how it will be implemented , particularly as regards the Games in Sochi . "  As a sporting organization , what we can do is to continue to work to ensure that the Games can take place without discrimination against athletes , officials , spectators and the media . "  To that end , the IOC has received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . " Rogge 's words were welcomed by All Out , the gay rights group which delivered the petition to the IOC 's headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland . "  This is the strongest and most direct statement we have received from the IOC , "  All Out co-founder and executive director Andre Banks said in a statement . "  It shows the IOC is listening to the global outcry against these laws and demanding real answers , not propaganda , from the Russian government . "  When he mentions the importance of freedom of expression , Rogge is right . Fundamental freedoms are eroded for all Russians -- gay and straight -- under these laws . "  Pierre de Coubertin created the Games with the dream of ` changing the world through sport ' . In that spirit , we are calling for the IOC to clearly denounce the anti-gay law and do everything in its power to see that it is removed before the Olympics . " Russia 's sports minister Vitaly Mutko , speaking at the same press conference as Diack , urged journalists to "  calm down " before defending the new law . "  In addition to this law , we have a constitution that guarantees all rights to private life , " insisted Mutko . "  This law is not intended to deprive any people of any religion , of any race , of any sexual orientation , but to ban the promotion of non-traditional relations among the younger generations . "  All sports athletes and organizations should be relaxed . All their rights will be protected . "  You have to respect the laws of the country you are coming to . This is a sports festival and we only have to talk about it . " U.S. President Barack Obama spoke out on the issue on Tuesday 's Jay Leno show , condemning the laws as against the spirit of the Olympics . "  I 've been very clear that when it comes to universal rights , when it comes to people 's basic freedoms , that whether you are discriminating on the basis of race , religion , gender or sexual orientation , you are violating the basic morality that I think should transcend every country , " said Obama . Obama this week canceled a one-on-one meeting with Putin which had been scheduled for September . The reason given by the White House was Russia 's decision to grant asylum to National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden and "  lack of progress on issues such as missile defense and arms control , " while also mentioning human rights issues . World Sport Presents : An uneven playing field In June Obama visited Diack 's native Senegal , where homosexuality is illegal . Obama called for all African citizens to be treated equally , but Senegal 's president Macky Sall insisted the country is "  not ready " to decriminalize homosexuality . British broadcaster Stephen Fry penned an open letter to his country 's prime minister David Cameron , International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge and London 2012 chief Sebastian Coe calling for the Games to be taken away from Russia . There has been a groundswell of international concern over the anti-gay propaganda law and its potential impact on visitors to Russia for the Games . Protests have ranged from a number of bars around the world announcing a boycott of Russian vodka to calls from some quarters for a boycott of the Games themselves . However , some gay athletes insist the Games must go ahead in Sochi . "  I 'm fully against a boycott , " New Zealand speed skater Blake Skjellerup told CNN . "  The Olympics have been very important to me and I know that a lot of people like myself have worked very hard for these Games . "  It 's very important for the world to show up in Sochi and be united in this issue , to bring light to and start a conversation about what is going on . " U.S. figure skater Johnny Weir , who is married to a Russian-American man , says the flamboyant nature of his sport means that he can make a stance in Sochi . "  I 'm quite well known in Russia so my sheer presence is a big statement against this anti-propaganda law , " he told CNN . Former Olympic diving champion Greg Louganis says it is difficult to balance the sporting desires of athletes with the need to make a political point against the Russian law . "  Boycotts hurt the wrong people , they hurt the athletes , but we ca n't ignore what 's going on in Sochi , " said the American , who missed the 1980 Moscow Olympics due to a boycott and was also affected by Eastern European retaliation in snubbing the 1984 Los Angeles Games . "  It 's a birthright to pursue love and not be incarcerated for loving and wanting to find love , " he told CNN .	IAAF president Lamine Diack has "  no problem whatsoever " with Russia 's anti-gay law Diack was speaking in Moscow ahead of the World Athletics Championships U.S. President Barack Obama has criticized the laws as against the spirit of the Olympics A 320,000-signature strong petition protesting the law was handed to the IOC this week
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Oh , the humanity . " When these three words were uttered by aghast radio journalist Herbert Morrison -- as the LZ129 Hindenburg airship crashed and burst into flames in New Jersey in 1937 -- it was seen as the end of airships . The other remaining Zeppelin-class dirigible , the Graf Zeppelin II , was destroyed by the Nazi administration who felt the materials could be put to better use with more conventional aircraft . The Aeroscraft ML866 is a prototype for future cargo vehicles that could have a payload of up to 60 tonnes But , 70 years on , could the Hindenburg-style airship be experiencing a renaissance ? There are two types of craft that are commonly called "  airships . " The first is basically a balloon filled with a lighter-than-air gas , with an attached pod for the pilot and passengers , and tilting propellers to aid with descent and maneuvering . These are known as ` blimps ' and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance . But their limited payload make them unsuitable for other purposes . The other type of airship is the dirigible . Like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter-than-air gas but it has an internal skeleton . This greater rigidity allows dirigible airships to carry larger payloads than blimps . See pictures of airships through the ages . " While the Hindenburg crash dented public confidence in the dirigible airship concept , the principal cause of the disaster was n't bad design but propaganda . The Germans were desperate to show off their technical achievement . But the United States , the world 's primary supplier of the inert gas helium  which was used to inflate and lift the airships  , had imposed a military embargo on the gas . So the Hindenburg was filled with the massively explosive gas , hydrogen . And it exploded . Massively . In recent years the concept of the dirigible airship has been reevaluated because of the environmental need to find lower-carbon methods of freight transportation ; and the military and humanitarian need to deliver supplies to remote locations not served by airports . One failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the German company Cargolifter AG in the mid 1990s . It planned a large airship , the CL160 , to be used as a transporter for large and heavy loads . A giant hangar , one of the world 's largest structures , was built in Brand , near Berlin in Germany , for storage and manufacture of these giant craft . But Cargolifter became insolvent in 2002 . The hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park . In 2005 the Aeros corporation of Montebello , CA . resurrected the airship concept . Responding to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  DARPA  's "  Walrus " program the company was given a $ 3.2 million grant to develop : "  a very large airlift vehicle concept designed to control lift in all stages of air or ground operations including the ability to off-load payload without taking on-board ballast other than surrounding air . " What distinguishes a "  Walrus " craft from a Hindenberg-style airship is that it would not be lighter than air . Rather it would generate lift from a combination of aerodynamics , propellors and gas buoyancy . This would allow for a quicker descent without the expulsion of lift gas , for instance . DARPA terminated the Walrus program but Aeros is continuing to develop the technology with a view to creating an enormous civil airship utilizing a glass-fiber and carbon-fibre semi-monocoque envelope structure . The planned Aeroscraft ML866 could be the next generation of corporate transportation . With more than 465 square meters  5000 square feet  of interior floor space , the ML866 's interior could house a floating boardroom or an opulent flying home . Because it would be flying at a lower altitude than a passenger jet  6,000 to 12,000 feet , as opposed to 25,000 to 35,000 feet  the cabin would not be pressurized . The technological legacy of the Walrus program is the COSH  control of structural heaviness  system . By compressing and decompressing stored helium , the aircraft can become lighter for take-off and heavier for landing . If Aeros secure funding to develop the ML866 , it would be offered with a choice of turboprop engines  for either greater speed or heavier payload  . But could large airships supplement the role of large passenger aircraft ? Flight International 's technical reporter Rob Coppinger is skeptical : "  Whether it is cargo , corporate or mass transpiration I think the issues with airships are ; can -LSB- airships -RSB- carry enough people/cargo between two popular destinations and do it fast enough to carry a sufficient volume of cargo/people to generate enough revenue to pay for the development , certification and running costs ? "  I think if it were easy to financially justify , they would exist already . " Coppinger concedes , however , that airships could have potential military applications . Aeros plans to begin testing a non-rigid airship , the Aeros 40D , in 2008 to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system . Production of a prototype Aeroscraft ML866 has begun , with a test flight planned for 2010 . ... . Are dirigibles just a load of hot air ? Would you travel by airship ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Airship concept all-but abandoned after 1937 's Hindenburg disaster New-style airships will be heavier-than-air and use helium , not hydrogen Aeros hopes to have a prototype of its "  floating boardroom " flying in 2010
Mashable  -- The new-look Gmail that Google accidentally told us about last week is now rolling out to all users . The changes , officially announced in a blog post Tuesday , allow Gmail users much more control over the look of the service . You can drag sidebars around to your preferred size and width , choose from a wider selection of high-resolution background pictures , and decide whether you want lots of email on your screen or more white space between mails .  Your choice of email density is between "  Comfortable , " "  Cozy " and "  Compact . " Heavy Gmail users will also be pleased to learn that there 's a new search function -- that is , you can now access Advanced Search by clicking on the search bar . Conversations have been condensed , and profile pictures added . These are more features than Google offered in its sneak peek of the new Gmail , which started in July . For now , at least , the new features will be opt-in -- and not all of us will be able to access them immediately . "  If you like what you see , over the next few days you 'll be able to switch to the new look by clicking on Switch to the new look in the bottom-right of Gmail , " writes Google user experience designer Jason Cornwell . See the original on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New changes to Gmail allow users more control over look of the service Heavy Gmail users will be pleased to learn that there 's a new search function Conversations have been condensed and profile pictures added
CNN  -- Bernie Ecclestone had called it "  unacceptable , " while Ferrari 's president chimed in on the lack of engine noise and apparent "  taxi driving " enforced by fuel restrictions -- but Formula One delivered what its fans most want on Sunday . Pure racing . The exhilarating sight -- if not sound -- of drivers overtaking and pushing the limits . While , like last season , there is clearly one dominant team -- this time Mercedes -- the introduction of new design rules and the smaller , yet seemingly more powerful turbo engines has added an element that had been lacking when Sebastian Vettel 's Red Bull dominated so comprehensively in 2013 . "  I strongly dislike coming second to Lewis , but on the other hand that was the most exciting race I 've ever had in my career , " Mercedes ' championship leader Nico Rosberg said after being beaten into second place in Bahrain by Englishman Hamilton . "  Today was a great day for the sport , and hopefully you had a lot of fun watching on television . " Hamilton triumphed by just over three seconds , having overtaken pole-sitting teammate Rosberg at the start but then being hauled back by the safety car following a collision between Lotus ' Pastor Maldonado and Sauber 's Esteban Gutierrez . The Mexican escaped unscathed despite his car 's spectacular somersault . "  It was exciting . Nico drove fantastically well , very fair , and it was hard to keep him behind at the end , " said 2008 world champion Hamilton , who moved up to equal 10th on the all-time victories list with the 24th checkered flag of his career . "  I was on a knife edge the whole time . It was a relief when I crossed the line . " The childhood friends and rivals have dominated this season , winning all three races and claiming all three pole positions -- Rosberg now has an 11-point advantage at the top , with Nico Hulkenberg a further 22 back from Hamilton in third . It has been a big turnaround for Mercedes , which finished second in last year 's constructors ' standings -- a massive 236 points behind Red Bull . But the German manufacturer has adapted best to the new rules -- reflected in the Mercedes-powered Force India claiming a surprise podium placing at Sakhir as Hulkenberg 's teammate Sergio Perez came in third , some 23 seconds behind Rosberg . Red Bull , struggling this season with its Renault engines , did manage fourth place as Daniel Ricciardo upstaged Vettel by overcoming the 10-place penalty that put him 13th on the start grid . Hulkenberg was fifth in a notable double for Force India , ahead of his fellow German and four-time world champion Vettel -- winner of the past two races in Bahrain . Mercedes-powered Williams took seventh and eighth through Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas respectively . Massa 's former Ferrari teammate Fernando Alonso came home in a disappointing ninth , disconsolately punching the air in irony as he crossed the line ahead of new colleague Kimi Raikkonen . McLaren , also powered by Mercedes , had a disappointing outing as 2009 world champion Jenson Button retired two laps from the end in his 250th race while rookie Kevin Magnussen -- second in the season opener and ninth in Malaysia -- quit after 40 of the 57 laps . Maldonado was given a five-place penalty for the next race in China and three points against his Super Licence after hitting Gutierrez on lap 41 . Marussia 's Jules Bianchi was given two penalty points -- a total of 12 means a one-race ban -- for ending the race of Gutierrez 's Sauber teammate Adrian Sutil , who has a five-place penalty for China after an infringement in Saturday 's qualifying . The F1 caravan will head to Shanghai in two weeks with the sport 's chief executive Ecclestone demanding changes after criticisms over the perceived lack of atmosphere at races . "  People buying tickets are expecting to see what Formula One used to be , and as I 've mentioned before , I 've had letters from promoters , " the 83-year-old told reporters in the paddock before the Bahrain race , which was celebrating its 10th anniversary . "  They 're all worried if they lose spectators then they are going to be in trouble . "  What is important is that the teams know the problem , the engine manufacturers know the problem , and they 're trying to sort it . " Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemolo also voiced his concerns . "  I do n't want to think of the decline of Formula One , and if we look at it today , we have a race that is no longer Formula One , " the Italian said before the GP . "  We have to give back to Formula One its characteristics . We can not have an economy formula . It has to be extreme , with racing from the first lap to the last . "  Formula One is also about the engine music -- not noise -- and we also have to make sure it is not too complicated with regard to the rules . " However , the head of motorsport 's governing body said the 2014 changes had been necessary due to "  environment legislation " which was restricting the use of circuits for F1 , and said teams had to adapt to the new challenges . "  If you ask Hamilton and Rosberg if they are driving like taxi drivers ... if you have an efficient car you do n't have any problem , " said FIA president Jean Todt , formerly team boss at Ferrari when Michael Schumacher was the dominant force of F1 . "  It seems Mercedes is stronger . I do n't have the power to say ` Let 's slow them down . ' If they are quicker than the others I think it is a challenge for the other teams to catch them . "  It is completely unfair to punish a team who has been doing a better job . "	Nico Rosberg retains F1 championship lead after finishing second in Bahrain Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton wins race after overtaking Rosberg at start Hamilton is slowed down by safety car after spectacular accident Sergio Perez claims Force India 's second podium finish in team 's history
