CNN  -- A corporate jet crash in western Germany on Sunday killed all four people aboard the aircraft , police said . Witnesses told police that the plane burst into flames after it crashed near the town of Trier . Authorities are investigating what caused the crash . Local fire officials told German public broadcaster ZDF that the plane hit a power pole . There was dense fog in the area at the time of the crash , ZDF reported . The jet had come from England and was scheduled to arrive at a small airfield in Fohren , Germany , ZDF said . The two passengers and two crew members on the Cessna Citation jet are believed to be German nationals . CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	A plane crashed and burst into flames in western Germany All four people aboard were killed , police say Authorities are investigating what caused the crash
They sent money overseas for "  orphans " and "  brothers in the mountains , " or for "  camels , " according to court records . The Justice Department alleges that three women arrested Wednesday actually directed the money labeled "  living expenses " to Al-Shabaab , an Islamist group in Somalia designated by the United States as a terrorist organization . Arrested in their homes were Muna Osman Jama of Reston , Virginia ; Hinda Osman Dhirane of Kent , Washington ; and Farhia Hassan of the Netherlands , according to a Justice Department statement . Two other women named in the indictment are fugitives in Kenya and Somalia , the statement said . The three arrested were charged with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization and 20 counts of providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization . If convicted , they could face up to 15 years in prison on each count . Court records said the operation used code words to disguise the money transfers to Somalia and Kenya . References to orphans and brothers in the mountains meant the Islamic insurgents , and camels referred to trucks . "  The money transfers often were broken down into small amounts as low as $ 50 or $ 100 , and the funds were intended for use by al-Shabaab insurgents operating in Somalia , " according to the court records . The United States designated Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group , as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 . Colorado woman accused of trying to help ISIS Texas man pleads guilty to attempting to join ISIS ' jihad in Syria	Court records say money sent to "  orphans " actually went Islamic insurgents Justice Department : The operation disguised money transfers to Al-Shabaab Two women in America and one in the Netherlands arrested in their homes
CNN  -- These are hard times in the United States . The government released its annual report on income , poverty and insurance coverage last week . The median income in the U.S. in 2010 was $ 49,445 , which is 2.3 % lower than it was in 2009 . But that 's just the median . To understand how bad things really are , we need to look at poverty . Let 's be explicit . To qualify as below the poverty line , you have to be really poor . A single person under the age of 65 has to earn less than $ 11,244 to be considered in poverty . That 's significantly less than a full-time minimum wage job . A single mother with a child has to make less than $ 15,030 to be considered in poverty . The percentage of people who met these criteria increased to 15.1 % in 2010 from 14.3 % in 2009 . It 's gone up steadily since 2007 when it was 12.5 % . What really hurts , however , is exactly who in America qualifies as living in poverty . Because of the social safety nets in place , relatively few people over 64 are very poor  9 %  . Children , on the other hand , suffer greatly . About 22 % of Americans under 18 live in poverty . Let me say that again : More than one in five children in the United States is living in poverty . Children account for more than one-third of all such people in the U.S. right now . Think about that when we talk about how to save money in the future . I 'm a health services researcher , and incredibly invested in how we reform the health care system of this country . It 's why I 'd also like you to focus on the plight of the uninsured . In 2010 , the report said , the number of people in the United States who lacked insurance for an entire year was 49.9 million . This is the largest number of people without insurance since the passage of Medicare and Medicaid . Almost all of these people are below 65 .  Pretty much every American over 65 is on Medicare , after all . It gets worse . The percentage of Americans who were covered by private health insurance decreased again -- to 64 % ; the number of people covered by employer-provided health insurance dropped to 55.3 % . Where did all of these people go ? Lots of them went to the government , as the number with Medicaid coverage increased to 15.9 % and those with Medicare coverage increased to 14.5 % . America is hurting . Unemployment is on the rise . Poverty is increasing . More people are losing or unable to get private insurance , and turning to our safety nets for coverage . Most of the benefits and improvements of the Affordable Care Act -- the large Medicaid expansion , the exchanges , the mandate , the subsidies -- wo n't go into effect until 2014 .  An early feature of the act that has already gone into effect has allowed hundreds of thousands of young people under 26 to remain on their parents ' insurance , and this group has fared better . This is the truth we face as we talk about how to reform the health care system : Some claim we need to depend on the private market more and more , but it 's shrinking and unable to cover those who need it . Some want to cut Medicaid funding , but it 's responsible for covering more and more Americans . It 's important to face reality . Of the 75 million or so children in the United States right now , more than one third are covered by Medicaid ; an additional 10 % or so are uninsured . When we talk about cutting Medicaid funding , we 're talking about making things worse for these children . There 's no getting around that . I know that there 's a deficit problem , and I know that it 's important to get a handle on entitlement spending . But we ca n't ignore that right now Medicaid is one of the cheapest insurance programs around . People seem to have forgotten , but the reason the Affordable Care Act puts 20 million more people in Medicaid is that it was cheaper than putting them in the exchanges to get private insurance . Moreover , about 5 % of Medicaid enrollees account for more than 50 % of all Medicaid spending . That spending is almost all on elderly and disabled people . It 's unlikely these people will be cut from Medicaid . Poor children ? Poor adults ? Far more likely . There will be hard decisions ahead . No one can deny that entitlement spending , especially health care spending , is unsustainable on its current path . We must be able to look at the budget and talk about areas where we might spend less . That will inevitably lead to some groups getting less than they did before . Yet , as voting blocs and advocacy groups defend their piece of the pie , let 's not forget those who can not speak for themselves . The ranks of the poor are growing . They 're populated with children . And they depend on Medicaid for their health care in increasing numbers . Let 's not sacrifice their future while we 're trying to save it for the rest of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron E. Carroll says rising poverty numbers show one in five children affected He says this reality must be faced when deciding how to save government money He says more ca n't afford private insurance but must rely on Medicaid , which faces cuts Carroll : Reliance on safety net is growing and we must perserve it
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa 's former national police chief , Jackie Selebi , was sentenced Tuesday to 15 years in prison after he was found guilty of corruption charges last month . "  You are an embarrassment to the police force ... you are an embarrassment to the country , " Judge Meyer Joffe said after the sentence was handed down . "  I am satisfied that a sentence of 15 years imprisonment is appropriate in the matter , " the judge added , according to the South African Press Association . The charges stemmed from Selebi 's relationship with convicted drug trafficker Glenn Agliotti -- a friendship that was no secret . Once asked about it at a news conference , Selebi famously said , "  He 's my friend . Finished and klaar " -- an Afrikaans term meaning "  that 's the end of it . " After a four-and-a-half-year trial , the court found Selebi gave favors to Agliotti in exchange for money and expensive clothes . Joffe rejected Selebi 's defense that there had been a conspiracy against him , although he acquitted the former police chief on a charge of defeating the ends of justice , according to SAPA . SAPA reported that Agliotti , who was appearing in a nearby courtroom on murder charges , had no comment on Selebi 's sentencing . Selebi 's attorney asked the judge to release his client on bail while he prepares an appeal in the case . South Africa 's ruling African National Congress party said the verdict last month clearly indicated "  that South Africa as a country is governed by laws that are applied without any fear or favor to anyone , regardless of their standing . " Selebi was until recently one of the most powerful political figures in South Africa . He served as president of Interpol from 2004 to 2008 and was a close ally of former South African President Thabo Mbeki .	Jackie Selebi , the country 's former national police chief , sentenced to 15 years ' jail He did n't try to hide his friendship with a convicted drug trafficker The trial lasted 4 1/2 years
CNN  -- Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage in a strike meant as payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands , the surviving suspect wrote in a message scribbled on the boat where he was found hiding , a law enforcement source told CNN Thursday . In the message , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev also proclaimed that an attack on one Muslim is an attack on all , and said he would not miss older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- who died after a firefight with police three days after the bombing -- because he would soon be joining him , according to the source . The writing on the inside of the boat dovetails with what Dzhokhar , 19 , told investigators questioning him in a Boston hospital room shortly after his capture , the source said . Friendly fire led to officer 's shooting during Boston manhunt CNN has previously cited U.S. officials in reporting that Dzhokhar said U.S. involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq were motivating factors behind the April 15 attack , which killed three people and wounded 275 . According to authorities , the Tsarnaev brothers fashioned explosive devices from pressure cookers and other materials and detonated them near the finish line of the race . Three days later , authorities released their images to the public as suspects in the case . Investigators believe they then killed MIT police Officer Sean Collier and hijacked a car before battling authorities in a wild firefight on a Watertown , Massachusetts , street . Nearly 24 hours later , police found Dzhokhar hiding in the boat after the owner called police to report someone was inside of it . The final hours that paralyzed Boston Dzhokhar -- who suffered gunshot wounds to the head , neck , legs and hands -- is being held a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens , Massachusetts . He has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction and could face the death penalty if convicted . Tamerlan was secretly buried in a rural Virginia cemetery this month following protests from Massachusetts residents and officials against burying him in that state . Authorities have said they believe the brothers acted alone , but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . Of particular interest has been Tamerlan 's 2012 trip to the semi-autonomous Russian republic of Dagestan , home to numerous Islamic militant groups that have warred against Moscow 's rule . Source : Russia withheld details about Tsarnaev Russian authorities asked U.S. officials to investigate Tamerlan before the trip , saying they believed he was becoming increasingly involved with radical Islam . The FBI investigated , but found no evidence of extremist activity , FBI Director Robert Mueller reiterated Thursday during a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing . Mueller said Russian authorities told the FBI that Tamerlan and his mother appeared to be "  very religious " and that Tamerlan seemed "  intent on returning and perhaps participating in jihad , in Russia . " The FBI conducted a thorough investigation and found "  no ties to terrorism , " Mueller said . U.S. officials learned after the bombings that Russian officials had intercepted a 2011 phone call between the suspect 's mother , living in Dagestan , and one of her sons , in which they reportedly had a vague conversation about jihad , a law enforcement official told CNN earlier . Some lawmakers , particularly Republicans , have been critical of how law enforcement , intelligence agencies and the administration of President Barack Obama handled the Russian tip . While Tamerlan and his mother were added to a terror database following the FBI investigation , Tamerlan was allowed to make his Russian trip in 2012 , returning six months later . Timeline : Boston attack , aftermath CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI director reiterates investigation found no terror ties to Tamerlan Tsarnaev Source : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev left a message in boat where he was found hiding He wrote that the Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage Dzhokhar also said he expected to join his brother in death
CNN  -- Screaming children are the bane of many a single passenger . Now , amid all the grumbles of childless passengers and harassed parents , airlines are offering the warring factions a chance to sit further apart . . Recently , Scoot Airlines , Singapore Air 's budget brand , became the latest carrier to unveil child-fee seating zones . The program , called "  Scoot in Silence , " follows on the heels of AirAsia X -- the long-haul arm of the Asian budget carrier -- launching a "  quiet zone " on their flights . The operations are similar : under-12s are banned from the zones and cordoned off from the remaining passengers via a curtain , galleys and the exit doors  the space that usual separates business class from economy  . Contrary to how it might seem , Azran Osman-Rani , AirAsia X 's CEO , maintains the measure is as much for the benefit of families as it childless travelers . "  It 's cute how some parents have written back and said , ` This is a brilliant idea , ' because they feel less stressed and guilty if their child is restless . Now , if someone 's giving them an evil stare , they can just say , ` Well , if you 're going to complain , you should have sat in the quiet zone . ' " In general , Air Asia X assigns random seats , unless passengers pay a $ 15 fee allowing them to choose where to sit . Whether that choice is to perch at the back of the plane grouped with spouses and spawn , or up front , where it 's free from minors , the fee is the same . By introducing quiet zones , Osman-Rani is hoping to drive passengers , be they families or singles , towards paying the fee . So far , it 's been successful -- the number of passengers paying to choose a seat has risen "  several percentage points " . Read more : Place your bids for business class Helane Becker , an airline analyst with Cowen and Company says she assumed from the start that the trend was financially motivated . "  I kind of viewed it less about cordoning off children , and more as just another way for airlines to charge fees , " she says . Still , some airlines argue the measure is more operational . Japan Airlines has taken a different if similar track on their Tokyo-Honolulu route , where they have introduce a curtained "  women only " section in the last four seats of economy . The idea is to give women privacy to breastfeed and do their makeup . The seats do n't generate any added income , but they do help free-up the bathrooms . "  About 60 % of our passengers are women , and the in-flight lavatories are always crowded before landing . This resolves the long line , " says Jian Yang , a spokesperson for the airline . Becker says that to a certain extent , passengers segregate themselves . "  While kids are cute , they can definitely be a distraction , especially if you 're trying to get stuff done for work . That 's why a lot of businessmen chose to sit in economy plus . Meanwhile , a family of four or five usually wants to sit together , and it 's easier for them to do that in the back , " she notes . Interactive : Which airlines have wi-fi ? Abu Dhabi 's Etihad Airways has taken a different approach . Rather than separate the two groups , they 've introduced "  The Flying Nanny , " an in-flight team of child experts that play with , calm and otherwise distract children from causing a scene . "  We looked at what it 's like to enter an aircraft from a child 's perspective . Many are small , and it 's daunting to board a plane and not know where you 're going , or to have to sit there and not be able to walk around , " explains Aubrey Tiedt , the vice president of guest services . Etihad Airways has paired up with Norland College , England 's premier childcare institute to train the all-female staff of nannies on child psychology , sociology and child development . The carrier hopes to have 500 trained by the year 's end . The nannies , who are recognizable by their bright orange aprons , can help with feedings and give advice on diaper changing , though their main purpose is to entertain . They come armed with a special kit , full of cardboard , crayons , colored paper and star-shaped stickers and will help kids create anything from sock puppets to paper animals . "  It 's about making them feel special , which also makes them feel calm , " explains Tiedt .	Scoot Airlines is the latest carrier to offer child-free zones . Japan Airlines has a small , women 's only section on their Honolulu route . Etihad has introduced in-flight nannies to calm children aboard their flights .
Move over , Lucy : Researchers say Saturn , Jupiter , Neptune and Uranus may also be in the sky , with diamonds . The atmospheres of these gas-ball planets have the perfect temperature and pressure conditions to host carbon in the form of diamond , say Mona Delitsky of California Specialty Engineering in Pasadena , California , and Kevin Baines of the University of Wisconsin-Madison . Their research was presented Wednesday at the American Astronomical Society Division for Planetary Sciences conference in Denver . Previous research had implicated Neptune and Uranus in the hypothetical space diamond business , but Delitsky and Baines performed calculations suggesting that Saturn and Jupiter may host sparkly treasure , too . "  They would be diamonds like we have here , except they would probably be a little more dense , " Delitsky said . "  They would probably be the same translucent gem that we 're all familiar with . " This is all based on theory and modeling , of course . No spacecraft has actually detected diamonds , photographed them or collected them . But the theory did n't come entirely out of thin air . The phases of carbon You may remember from chemistry class that substances enter different physical states depending on temperature and pressure . For instance , water becomes ice at 32 degrees Fahrenheit and vapor at 212 F , at typical pressures on the surface of Earth . Carbon has more than one form that it takes as a solid . At low temperatures and pressures , carbon is stable as graphite , that soft substance in your pencils . Much more extreme conditions are needed to turn carbon into diamonds , chemically identical to graphite but exquisitely strong , with atoms tightly bound to one another . Scientists know that carbon in the form of methane is found in the atmospheres of Saturn , Jupiter , Neptune and Uranus -- especially in the latter two . A methane molecule consists of one carbon atom surrounded by four hydrogen atoms . Marvin Ross pointed out in a 1981 Nature study that Uranus and Neptune have deep interiors rich in methane , which would be converted into elemental carbon at high temperatures . The extreme temperature and pressure conditions would allow carbon to form diamond . More recently , shock-wave experiments , simulating extreme conditions on other planets , have more clearly shown the temperature and pressure boundaries between the various forms of carbon . Delitsky and Baines combined these latest insights with what is known about the temperatures and pressures in the interiors of the outer planets . From lightning to diamonds Studying the storm systems on Saturn , Baines noticed that there were patches in the atmosphere , where storm clouds had been , that were darker than regular clouds . He wanted to find out what material would have that effect . The substance that fit the scenario the best was carbon in the form of soot , like the kind you see when you burn wood -- likely as a result of lightning . The researchers published a study on this in 2009 . But what happens when these carbon particles sink into the deep interior of Saturn ? Planetary researcher Nadine Nettleman at the University of California , Santa Cruz , developed graphs of how temperature and pressure changes with altitude for Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . Delitsky and Baines used this data -- much of which is unpublished -- and compared it with the recent insights about conditions for forming diamond . Delitsky and Baines confirmed that diamonds could exist on Uranus and Neptune , and showed that they could also form on Saturn and Jupiter . These planets are all made of gas , so their "  interiors " are essentially very hot , pressurized gas . Carbon would be soot in the top part of Saturn 's atmosphere , but as it falls , it would turn into graphite at around 2,000 degrees Kelvin  3,140 degrees F  . Closer to the planet 's core , at around 3,000 Kelvin  4,940 F  , it would become diamond . "  It 's so far down that we can not observe that region of the atmosphere with spacecraft , " Delitsky said . The cores of Jupiter and Saturn would melt diamond , but the centers of Uranus and Neptune are cold enough to keep it solid -- a relatively chilly 6,000 Kelvin  10,340 F  . Delitsky envisions that there could be "  hand-sized diamonds " on these planets , although she has not performed those calculations . There could be as many as 10 million tons of diamonds produced from lightning-generated soot on Saturn , the researchers said . Are they really there , and can we get them ? Scientists not involved in the project expressed a mixture of interest and skepticism . "  This kind of study shows that we are still far from understanding the composition and structure of Jupiter and Saturn , two planets which are respectively about 300 and 100 times the mass of our Earth and were crucial players when the whole Solar System formed , " said Tristan Guillot , planetary researcher at the Observatoire de la Cote d'Azur in France , in an e-mail . If there are diamonds , they likely would n't be large iceberg-sized "  diamondbergs , " Guillot said . Any such structures would fall rapidly toward the planet 's interior , depleting the outer layers of carbon . That would result in a carbon-poor atmosphere -- which , scientists know , is not the case . It 's plausible that carbon in the form of diamond could be stable in the interiors of Saturn and Jupiter , says Peter Read , professor of physics at the University of Oxford , but he 's skeptical that diamonds like those on Earth would be found . Rather than chunks of precious stone , there may be instead clouds of condensed diamond material , he said -- but we just do n't know . And if there are diamonds for the taking , they 'd be in regions in the deep interiors of these planets that are challenging to reach , Read said . The temperatures are enormous , with pressures up to a million times what 's observed at the surface of the Earth . This brings up important questions for would-be diamond miners : What would the mining robot be made of in order to withstand such temperatures and pressures ?  Delitsky suggests diamonds !  How would the spacecraft be powered ? "  There are probably many easier  and cheaper !  ways to obtain diamonds than going to Uranus or Neptune in a heavily reinforced and insulated submarine ! " Read said in an e-mail . Although no diamond-mining space missions are on NASA 's docket , we may know more about the likelihood of diamonds soon . The Juno spacecraft will arrive at Jupiter in 2016 , and the Cassini spacecraft will dive into Saturn in 2017 , collecting information about the gravity fields and magnetic fields of these planets . These spacecraft wo n't get deep enough to explore the theoretical diamond regions , but they will at least "  be able to check whether we detect signatures of density changes that would occur near where diamond is predicted to form , " Guillot said . More ambitious explorations of the outer planets may help us determine if these theories about diamonds will last forever . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter	Carbon has multiple solid states , including diamond and graphite On Saturn , soot could turn into diamond at high temperature and pressure No spacecraft has gone this far into the interiors of the outer planets
CNN  -- The noisy horns were one of the biggest talking points of the 2010 World Cup , but vuvuzelas are unlikely to take hold in British football stadiums in the upcoming season . Eight English Premier League clubs have banned the South African instruments ahead of the August 14 kick-off of the 2010-11 campaign , calling them potential weapons , annoyances and a health risk . Champions League qualifiers Tottenham were the first in the top flight to outlaw the droning plastic trumpets , following in the footsteps of several lower-league clubs . "  Following discussions with the police and representatives from the local licensing authorities , the club will not be permitting vuvuzelas or similar instruments into White Hart Lane on match days , " the Londoners said on their website . "  We are concerned that the presence of the instruments within the stadium pose unnecessary risks to public safety and could impact on the ability of all supporters to hear any emergency safety announcements . The best and worst of South Africa 2010 "  We are very proud of the fantastic atmosphere that our supporters produce organically at White Hart Lane and we are all very much looking forward to this continuing into the forthcoming season . " London rivals Arsenal swiftly followed suit . "  Further to their hugely debated involvement at this summer 's World Cup finals in South Africa , Arsenal Football Club has decided to forbid the use of vuvuzelas within Emirates Stadium with immediate effect , " read a statement . "  This decision has been taken to ensure the enjoyment and safety of supporters on match-days , which is of paramount importance to the club . " UAE places noise lid on vuvuzelas Another London club , West Ham , said vuvuzelas were ruled out under the health and safety regulations of their Upton Park stadium , which already bars musical bands . "  We would not allow them into the stadium as they could be considered a weapon and could also be considered to be an annoyance to others , " read a Hammers statement . "  The health and safety regulation that all of this comes under is already in place . The club wishes at all times to ensure that all supporters are allowed to enjoy the game they are watching and prides itself on the passionate , loud and robust support from our fans at all matches at Upton Park . " History of the vuvuzela Sunderland said it had similar policies about musical instruments at the Stadium of Light , while Liverpool , Birmingham , Everton and Fulham have also banned vuvuzelas . However , the English Football Association has no plans to stop fans taking the horns to the national stadium Wembley , the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday . England play Hungary in an international friendly there on August 11 , while the traditional season curtain-raiser , the Community Shield , will take place at the London venue three days earlier . Shock , horror ... the vuvuzela goes global ! English Premier League and FA Cup winners Chelsea will take on second-placed Manchester United . Chelsea will likely be without goalkeeper Petr Cech , who suffered a calf injury in training on Tuesday . The Czech Republic international is expected to be sidelined for about a month .	Eight English Premier League clubs ban vuvuzelas from their stadiums ahead of new season Tottenham , Arsenal , Liverpool , Everton and Fulham among those to ban the noisy horn English FA has yet to ban the plastic instruments from national stadium Wembley Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech set to miss season curtain-raiser on August 8
Washington  CNN  -- Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Janet Yellen has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Ben Bernanke as Fed chairman , a White House official tells CNN 's Athena Jones . This comes after Larry Summers , after months of contentious debate , withdrew his name from consideration to head the central bank over the weekend in a process that some say has become unusually politicized . Summers was often discussed as President Barack Obama 's preferred choice for the job . He was a key economic adviser during the president 's first term and is a former treasury secretary . There was no information on Wednesday about when a final decision on a nomination would be made . Bernanke 's term ends in January and Obama plans to select a successor this fall . If nominated and confirmed by the Senate , Yellen would become the first woman to hold the job . She has the support of a number of Democrats on Capitol Hill as well as many fellow economists .	Janet Yellen , the No 2 Fed official , would succeed Ben Bernanke if nominated and confirmed Yellen 's status was elevated after Larry Summers withdrew his name from consideration President Barack Obama plans to nominate Bernanke 's successor this fall
CNN  -- The 2014 World Cup in Brazil has thrown up the chance for revenge and the opportunity for the apprentice to become the master . While the Netherlands will have an early opportunity for payback by taking on Spain in a repeat of the 2010 final , U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann will have the chance to lead his side against his native Germany . Germany , coached by Klinsmann 's former assistant Joachim Low , and the U.S. are in Group G along with Portugal and Ghana . Klinsmann led Germany to the semifinals in 2006 where it was beaten by eventual winner Italy . But the 49-year-old faces a difficult task to steer the U.S. through the group with Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal and a tricky Ghana side also in contention . "  We have a big challenge ahead . But it 's also exciting , " Klinsmann told CNN 's Shasta Darlington in Bahia , Brazil . "  When you go to a World Cup you want to play the biggest teams . " The contest , which will take place in Recife on June 26 , is already being talked about with Low revealing the clash against the U.S. will be "  something special . " "  So , we will be meeting old friends , " Low told German media . "  It 's already something special to have the USA in our group . "  Jurgen and I have had a very good and close relationship for a long time . "  We have always exchanged ideas on a regular basis , but that will certainly change before the World Cup match . " Spain coach Vicente del Bosque revealed he predicted his side would be paired with the Netherlands . His team is aiming to become the first European side to win the tournament in South America . But it will face a tough opening game against the Dutch on June 13 in Salvador . "  I said this morning we were going to get Holland and we did , in the first game no less , " del Bosque told Spanish TV . "  Holland have changed a little bit , especially in the middle of the park , but they still have  Arjen  Robben ,  Robin  Van Persie ,  Rafael  Van der Vaart and  Wesley  Sneijder . "  I think it is good for our mentality that we have to prepare from the first day . Holland will demand that we start at our highest level . "  Everything depends not just on our opponents , but on ourselves and the way we mentally approach this competition . " Brazil , the host nation , will kick off its campaign against Croatia on the opening day of the tournament , while it will also face Mexico and Cameroon . "  It is good , " Brazil coach Luis Felipe Scolari told the tournament 's official website . "  England , Italy , Uruguay , that is the toughest group and we are not in this one ! "  We open against a European team , which was my preference . We have the clasico , which will be very tough , in the middle . Then Cameroon . I think it 's good for us " England faces a tough task to progress past the group stage after being drawn with Uruguay , Italy and Costa Rica . Roy Hodgson 's side opens against Italy on June 15 , before taking on Uruguay in Sao Paulo four days later . It will finish up against Costa Rica in Belo Horizone on June 24 . "  It 's a tough group no doubt about that , " Hodgson told reporters . "  We 've almost got two number one seeds in our group , with Italy and Uruguay . "  Our great advantage is being based in Rio - meaning that we 've only got that one really long trip . "  I 'm very positive , you just never know . You do n't win football matches on paper , you go out on each occasion 11 vs. 11 . If you 're well prepared you 've got a chance to win all three of the games . " While Hodgson might be positive , England Football Association chairman Greg Dyke was rather more downbeat . When England 's name was pulled out , Dyke drew his fingers across his throat in a cut-throat gesture . Former Nigeria international Sunday Oliseh believes his country has every chance of making it through to the last-16 after being drawn in Group F with Argentina , Bosnia-Herzegovina and Iran . "  The Nigerians are ecstatic , myself included , because we have Iran in the group -- with all due respect to them I think we should be able to negotiate this encounter , " he told CNN . "  We 've also got Bosnia , who are playing for the first time in the World Cup finals as a nation . Our chances are pretty bright and it 's looking interesting . " Nigeria 's toughest assignment looks set to come against Argentina and Lionel Messi at Port Alegre on June 25 . Oliseh , who played at the 1994 and 1998 World Cup , says Nigeria will have to be at its very best to stop Messi from running riot . "  Messi is one of the best to have ever played football , " he said . "  He can do everything except head the ball . The question is how do you stop him ? "  You ca n't really if he 's on a good day . What we need to worry about is Messi going to be healthy come 2014 ? If he is healthy , we have a problem . But we have nothing to fear -- for the first time in a long time we feel we have nothing to lose . " Argentina , which won the tournament in 1978 and 1986 , will be favorites to top the group and will play Bosnia in Rio de Janeiro in its opening match on June 15 . In Group H , Belgium will be confident of qualifying for the next stage after being drawn alongside Algeria , Russia and Korea . The Belgians finished fourth in 1986 but have not appeared in the tournament since 2002 . Belgium is highly-fancied to reach the later stages this time around and will meet Algeria in its opening game in Belo Horizonte on June 17 . Colombia is in Group C where it will take on Greece , Ivory Coast and Japan . France , which qualified through the playoffs , will take on Switzerland , Ecuador and Honduras . Didier Deschamps , who won the World Cup with Les Bleus in 1998 , believes his side can go far in the tournament after seeing off Ukraine in the European playoffs . "  It could have been more complicated , let 's be honest , " he told reporters . "  We 'll have our Swiss neighbors , one South American team and Honduras playing a similar style . "  First game is against Honduras , it 's the most important one , winning it would put us in the best position . No opponent is easy , we need to be ambitious but reasonable . Before and after the draw our objective is the same : Round of 16 . " Former England , Manchester United and Bayern Munich midfielder Owen Hargreaves says France and Argentina are the big winners following the draw . He told CNN : "  France , being the lowest-ranked European team going into the draw , will be thrilled . Colombia have a favorable group as well . "  Argentina are clear favorites in their group and I think Bosnia will finish in second place and make it into the next round . " 2014 World Cup draw : Group A : Brazil , Croatia , Mexico , Cameroon . Group B : Spain , Netherlands , Chile , Australia . Group C : Colombia , Greece , Ivory Coast , Japan . Group D : Uruguay , Costa Rica , England , Italy . Group E : Switzerland , Ecuador , France , Honduras . Group F : Argentina , Bosnia , Iran , Nigeria . Group G : Germany , Portugal , Ghana , USA . Group H : Belgium , Algeria , Russia , Korea .	Brazil will kick of the 2014 World Cup against Croatia World champions Spain face Netherlands in repeat of 2010 final Bosnia to take on Argentina on debut tournament U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann to face native Germany
A leading Saudi cleric warned women who drive cars could cause damage to their ovaries and pelvises and that they are at risk of having children born with "  clinical problems . " Sheikh Saleh Al-Loheidan 's widely derided remarks have gone viral as activists claim a website urging women to defy their country 's driving ban has been blocked in Saudi Arabia . "  If a woman drives a car , " Al-Loheidan told Saudi news website sabq.org in an interview , "  it could have a negative physiological impact ... Medical studies show that it would automatically affect a woman 's ovaries and that it pushes the pelvis upward . " Explained Al-Loheidan , "  We find that for women who continuously drive cars , their children are born with varying degrees of clinical problems . " The controversial comments , published Friday , were widely interpreted throughout Saudi Arabia as an attempt to discourage women in the country from joining a popular online movement urging them to stage a demonstration by driving cars on October 26 . "  This is his answer to the campaign , " Saudi women 's rights activist Aziza Yousef told CNN . "  But it is an individual opinion . The clerical establishment is not behind this . " Added Yousef : "  He 's making a fool of himself . He should n't touch this field at all -- the medical field is not his field at all . " Mai Al-Swayan , who was one of the first Saudi women to sign the online petition , called the comments "  ridiculous : " and added , "  I am really disappointed . How could somebody ever make such a statement ? " Al-Loheidan 's words have been ridiculed mercilessly via social media since they were first reported . An Arabic Twitter hashtag called " #WomensDrivingAffectsOvariesAndPelvises " was quickly created to make fun of Al-Loheidan -- underscoring just how widely the call for Saudi women to defy the driving ban has resonated thus far . And while numerous conservative voices have supported Al-Loheidan , many Saudis believe this was an extremely clumsy way of trying to counter the popularity of the October 26 campaign . "  I do n't think it will harm the campaign -- on the contrary , it will make it stronger , " said Saudi columnist and author Abdullah Al-Alami . Since it published online over a week ago , a petition on the website www.oct26driving.com has garnered more than 12,000 signatures from those asking authorities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to lift a de facto ban than prohibits women from driving . "  There is no justification for the Saudi government to prohibit adult women citizens who are capable of driving cars from doing so , " reads part of the petition . No traffic law specifically prohibits women from driving in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts there are often interpreted to mean women are not allowed to operate a vehicle . The new petition also urges the Saudi government to present "  to the citizens a valid and legal justification " for the ban , demanding authorities should not simply blame it on "  societal consensus . " Many supporters of the campaign expressed dismay when reporting the website could no longer be accessed throughout the Kingdom as of Saturday . A post on the Oct26driving.com website read , "  Society wanting the ban to be lifted is apparently such a threat that the page petitioning the government to lift the ban has been blocked from within Saudi . " Al Alami wondered if the numerous conservatives opposed to women being granted the right to drive may have asked for the site to be blocked . Still , Al-Alami said he is n't too concerned . "  The message has been delivered , " said Al-Alami . "  This is a battle we must fight . There is no U-turn . " CNN was unable to reach various Saudi Ministries for comment . The issue of women driving in the conservative kingdom has long been a contentious one . And while such demonstrations are extremely rare , they have been staged at least twice before . In June 2011 , dozens of women across Saudi Arabia participated in the "  Women2Drive " campaign by driving throughout the streets of their cities . In 1991 , a group of 47 women drove through the country 's capital city , Riyadh . After being arrested , many were further punished by being banned from travel and suspended from their workplaces . In addition to prohibiting driving , the country 's strict and compulsory guardianship system also prevents women from opening bank accounts , working , traveling and going to school without the express permission of their male guardian . Saudi Arabia has been moving toward change under its current ruler , King Abdullah , who is considered a cautious reformer and proponent of women 's rights . In January , he appointed 30 women to the Shura Council , the first time women had been chosen for the country 's top consultative body . In 2011 , he announced that women can run for office and vote in local elections in 2015 , and in 2009 , he appointed Saudi Arabia 's first female deputy minister .	Saudi cleric claims that driving affects "  a woman 's ovaries and that it pushes the pelvis upward " Religious leader was responding to a campaign encouraging women to defy the driving ban Women 's rights activists , social media take soundly reject cleric 's comments A petition calls for women in the kingdom to drive on October 26
Egypt 's military-backed government resigned Monday , adding new uncertainty to the nation 's three years of upheaval . The government headed by Prime Minister Hazem Beblawi turned in its resignation to President Adly Mansour , state-run Nile TV reported . Mansour accepted the resignations and thanked the prime minister and his Cabinet for their service . "  The presidency greatly values the tireless efforts of Dr. Beblawi and members of the government at a pivotal moment in the nation 's history , " Mansour said in a statement . State media reported that Mansour is expected to appoint a transitional prime minister in the coming days who will be tasked with putting together a new Cabinet to manage state affairs until presidential elections in April . The resignations come as disorganized strikes ripple through the work force . In recent weeks , doctors , low-ranking police officers , postal workers , transport workers and textile workers have all gone on strike for short periods of time . Analysts expect army chief Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi , who served as defense minister , to run for president . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has said it would support an El-Sisi candidacy . If he does run , El-Sisi would need to give up his post . But with no clear contender , his chances of winning the presidency are high . If elected , he will become the sixth military leader to rule Egypt since its independence . Egypt 's government has been unsettled since a popular revolt toppled the 29-year rule of former strongman Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . Mohamed Morsy , the former head of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm , was elected president in 2012 . Shortly after he winning , he resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party in an effort to show that he would represent all Egyptians . But he was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up after the coup and now face a variety of counts , including organizing attacks on Egyptian troops in the Sinai Peninsula and fueling "  sectarian sedition with the aim of igniting civil war in Egypt . " Supporters say the military-backed government that replaced Morsy has returned to the authoritarian practices of Mubarak .	Egypt 's government has been in turmoil since 2011 A string of disorganized strikes has rippled through the economy Analysts expect army chief Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi to run for president He would have to resign his military post to do so
CNN  -- An intensive weekend search of rugged terrain near Los Angeles failed to turn up evidence of a missing FBI agent , but authorities continued searching for the man there and elsewhere , an agency spokeswoman said Monday . Special Agent Stephen Ivens appeared to be distraught and may have been suicidal , FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said , citing interviews with family members and evidence collected by investigators . She declined to elaborate . Ivens , who works on counterterrorism cases , was last seen by family Thursday night , a police statement said . His FBI-issued service revolver is also missing , Eimiller said . Investigators and volunteers working for local police , as well as about 50 FBI agents , had searched the rugged Verdugo Mountains after bloodhounds tracked his scent in the area , according to authorities . Authorities have since scaled back , but have not ended , the mountain search , Eimiller said . "  We 're not ruling out that he may have gone in a different direction , " she said . Ivens is white , 6-feet-tall and weighs approximately 160 pounds . He wears prescription glasses , police said , and is described as having brown hair with a receding hair line and brown eyes . FBI agent Steven Gomez told CNN affiliate KCAL that he could not expand on Ivens ' duties beyond that he handled "  national security-type " work . "  That 's all I can really say about his casework . "	NEW : FBI , local police scale back mountain search for missing agent Bloodhounds tracked Stephen Ivens in the area of the Verdugo Mountains Ivens , 35 , may have been distraught and suicidal , an FBI spokeswoman says The FBI says the missing agent works on "  national security-type cases "
CNN  -- Before they can bask in glory , Boston Marathon runners on Monday will first bake in abnormally high temperatures -- so warm , in fact , that race organizers are taking several steps to warn participants and allow those concerned about the heat to instead run next year . The race , which began in 1897 and bills itself as the world 's oldest annually contested marathon , is typically held in relatively cool weather . The average temperature for an April day in Boston is 47 degrees -- with a usual high of 56 and low typically of 40 degrees -- according to the city and National Weather Service . Still , with its rolling hills , the Hopkinton-to-Boston course is often considered among the nation 's most grueling marathons even in ideal racing conditions , which usually imply temperatures in this same 40s and 50s range , light winds and cloudy skies . Dangerous weather from Arkansas to Minnesota But that 's far from what runners will encounter this year . Monday 's forecast from the National Weather Service calls for sunny skies and a high temperature of 88 degrees , with sustained winds blowing out of the southwest at between 7 and 15 mph . For this reason , the Boston Athletic Association has taken the unusual step of urging even very fit participants to "  run at a slower pace " and "  frequently take breaks . " "  This will not be a day to run a personal best , " the race organizer said in its online statement . "  If you choose to run , run safely above all else . Speed can kill . " The BAA also recommended that those who are "  not highly fit " or who have "  any underlying medical conditions " not run , even if they have a much sought after bib number . Besides elite runners , people can get a spot in the Boston Marathon by qualifying based on their time in another marathon or getting a position as part of an effort to raise funds for charity . To that end , the association announced last week that any official entrants in the 2012 race can defer and instead run in the 2013 Boston Marathon . Those taking up this option do n't have their entry fee refunded but simply reserve a spot in next year 's race . The hot weather forecast early this week is exceptional for Boston , though it 's in line with the trend that has been building over the first few months of this year . The average temperature in Boston from January through March was 39.4 degrees , the warmest recorded for that time stretch , the weather service reports . Two runners died while participating in November 's Philadelphia Marathon , the race 's executive Melanie Johnson said . But weather there was not believed to be a factor , as there were cool temperatures , light winds and most cloudy skies throughout the race . That same month , a 30-year-old male runner at the New York City Marathon collapsed with cardiac arrest and was transported to Mount Sinai Hospital .	The Boston Marathon , the world 's oldest such race , will be held Monday The high temperature is forecast for 88 degrees ; the April norm is 56 degrees Race organizers urge participants to "  run at a slower pace " and take breaks
CNN  -- A woman died Friday while riding the Texas Giant roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington , according to a statement released by the theme park . The park did not release any details about how the woman died on the Texas Giant , touted as the tallest steel-hybrid roller coaster in the world . "  Since the safety of our guests and employees in our number one priority , the ride has been closed pending further investigation , " the statement said . The Arlington Police Department did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The Texas Giant was originally designed in 1990 as an all wooden roller coaster . It was redesigned with a steel track and reopened in April 2011 to mark the theme park 's 50th anniversary . At its highest point , the roller coaster is 153 feet and has a drop of 147 feet , according to the theme park . Thousands of kids hurt yearly on amusement rides Elsewhere , seven people suffered minor injuries in a boat-ride mishap at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio , park officials said . The incident occurred Friday evening when a boat rolled backwards down a lift hill on the Shoot the Rapids ride , park spokesman Bryan Edwards said in an e-mailed statement . The seven people in the boat were evaluated and treated by Cedar Point emergency medical staff , Edwards said . One of the seven was taken to an area hospital for additional evaluation and was subsequently released , he said . "  Shoot the Rapids will remain closed until park officials and inspectors from the state of Ohio complete their review , " Edwards said .	Ride mishap at Ohio 's Cedar Point injures 7 , officials say Six Flags Over Texas did not release details about the woman 's death The Texas Giant roller coaster has been temporarily closed The Texas Giant is touted by the park as the world 's tallest steel-hybrid coaster
CNN  -- Ever find yourself struggling to craft the perfect sentence for a loved one who 's , um , serving a sentence ? Now , you have a friend in the greeting card business . Terrye Cheathem has created a line of greeting cards geared toward prison inmates . A Los Angeles , California , lawyer has come up with a series of cards geared toward prison inmates , a rapidly growing segment of the U.S. population . Some express simple good wishes : "  We are all praying for you while you do your time . " Others celebrate holidays : "  You had the choice to be ` naughty or nice . ' And you chose ... Now you have to do your time . But , Christmas wo n't be the same without you here . " Others dole out tough love : "  When you called last time , I was not very sympathetic . I guess that I have heard your promises to change too many times . Please - stop promising to change . Just do it . " Creator Terrye Cheathem said the cards let family members say "  Look , things need to be different when you get out . " She came up with the idea a few years ago while looking -- without success -- for a birthday card to send her brother-in-law , who was serving an 11-month sentence . "  There are so many people who have mixed feelings about communicating with their loved ones in prison , " Cheathem said Thursday . "  They are unhappy , oftentimes profoundly embarrassed . People do n't know what to say . " So she created Three Squares Greetings to capture the sentiments for a captive audience -- one that seems to be getting larger each year . More than 2.3 million people were in jails or prisons in the United States at the beginning of 2008 , according to a study released last month by the Pew Center on the States . The center is a private organization that advocates for alternative programs to alleviate prison populations . For the first time in the nation 's history , the center says , more than one in 100 Americans are behind bars , a higher proportion than any other country . Cheathem is selling her cards online and through stores . She also wants jails and prisons to carry cards designed for inmates to send their relatives . "  They 're ` Thank You ' cards , " she said . " ` Thank you for visiting , ' ` Thank you for bringing the kids , ' ` Thank you for coming to court . ' " Like many , bookstore owner James Fugate was at first reluctant to carry the line in his Los Angeles shop , Esowon Books . "  I have some issues of being nice to criminals , " Fugate said . "  And in my 20 years in business , I 've seen some relatives who do n't seem to realize the gravity of what  their family members  have done . " Fugate said he changed his mind when he realized that most of the cards carried messages asking inmates to turn their lives around . Cheathem understands the hesitation of shoppers and sellers . "  I ca n't think of any other product that anyone wants to receive and certainly no one wants to be in the position to buy one , " she said . "  But there is a need for this . " Cheathem points to Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick of Detroit , Michigan . He was charged this week with perjury , obstruction of justice and misconduct of office . He was released on a $ 75,000 bond . "  I have a card that says , ` I 'm sorry to hear about your arrest , ' " she said . "  Right now , there are probably 50 people or more who would send it to him . " E-mail to a friend	New series of greeting cards is geared toward prison inmates Study shows the U.S. prison and jail population is rapidly growing Card creator is selling her cards online and through stores
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A barrage of rockets and mortars fired into southern Israel continued Sunday , the latest in a four-day escalation of violence sparked by a series of attacks on Israeli civilians and soldiers Thursday . By noon Sunday , 20 incoming rockets had been reported by Israeli officials . An eighth victim died from Thursday 's attacks , Israeli police said Sunday . He was identified as Yitzhak Sela , a 56-year-old bus driver . The attacks on buses , cars and security personnel killed six other Israeli civilians and one soldier and wounded more than 30 people , authorities said . Since then , nearly 100 rockets have been fired into Israel , Israel Defense Forces spokesman Brig. Gen. Yoav  Poly  Mordechai said Sunday . At least one Israeli was killed in an attack in Beer Sheva , authorities said . Mordechai blamed Hamas for the rocket attacks , saying it "  is not a movement but rather a murderous terrorist organization supported by Iran . " Hamas has denied involvement in Thursday 's attacks and accused Israel of looking for a pretext to attack Gaza . The Israeli military has targeted 15 "  terrorist infrastructure sites " in Gaza and intercepted "  around 13 rockets , " the IDF said in a statement . Fifteen people , including three children , have been killed in the Gaza airstrikes , said Sami Zaqout of the Al Mezan Center for Human Rights . Forty-four others were injured , Zaqout said . The office of Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , in a statement Sunday , said Israel 's "  rogue behavior must end . " The Palestinian government "  calls upon the Israeli government to cease and desist in its use of its unjustified aggression against the Palestinian people in Gaza and to respect international law and refrain from revenge , terror , and collective punishment tactics , " the statement said . On Sunday , an IDF airstrike north of Gaza City hit an abandoned Hamas police training camp , Hamas sources said . No injuries were reported . Israeli authorities arrested dozens of men in Hebron and surrounding towns . Among the 60 arrested was a member of the Palestinian legislative council and others known to either belong to or support Hamas , said Hebron Gov. Kamel Hamid . The rockets and mortars fired from Gaza on Saturday forced more than 500,000 people into bomb shelters , Israeli defense officials said . Thursday 's string of attacks was the deadliest against the Israeli population in two years . The attacks occurred about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from the Israeli city of Eilat , close to the Israeli-Egyptian border . Israeli soldiers exchanged gunfire with the assailants and killed seven militants , the military said . Early Saturday , the Hamas military wing Izzedine al Qassam Brigades , announced it was ending a de facto two-year truce with Israel . The series of attacks and airstrikes comes a month before Palestinian officials plan to make a bid for statehood in the United Nations . "  The retaliation in Gaza and what happened last night in Hebron is not acceptable , " Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said on Sunday . "  What is happening right now is making us very sure that our strategy of getting full recognition from the United Nations is the right way to go because when we are a full member of the U.N. , Israel will have to think twice before attacking us . " Israel seized Gaza , the West Bank and other territory during the 1967 Six-Day War . President Barack Obama earlier this year called on negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians to be based on border demarcations pre-dating the 1967 war . Israeli leaders have been vehemently opposed to such a move . On Saturday , the Mideast Quartet -- the United States , the United Nations , the European Union and Russia -- issued a statement voicing its concerns over "  the unsustainable situation in Gaza as well as the risk of escalation " and the group of negotiators "  calls for restraint from all sides . " Israel believes the attacks have their roots in Gaza , but are coming out of the neighboring Egyptian region of Sinai . Egypt denies the allegation , saying it has been cracking down on terror groups in its portion of the Sinai . CNN 's Marwah Jbara-tibi , Guy Azriel , Kevin Flower , Michal Zippori and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : An 8th victim from Thursday 's attacks was identified NEW : IDF spokesman says more than 100 rockets have been fired into Israel since Thursday NEW : Israel has targeted 15 sites and intercepted around 13 rockets NEW : The Palestinian government calls on Israel to end "  rogue behavior "
Islamabad  CNN  -- Two suspected U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region left 15 people dead -- including a Taliban commander -- on Thursday , Pakistani intelligence officials said . Among the 11 killed in one strike in the province of South Waziristan was a Taliban commander named Mullah Nazir , also known as Maulvi Nazir Wazir , the officials said . The drone fired two missiles in the Sarkanda area of Birmil , killing Nazir , the officials said . Read more : Not just for military use , drones turn civilian Nazir was at odds with the Pakistani Taliban over a peace agreement he signed with the Pakistani government in 2007 . As part of the deal , he refused to attack Pakistani government or military targets , though he was believed to be behind a number of attacks that targeted the U.S. military . Read more : Top terror takedowns in 2012 Nazir narrowly escaped a suicide bomb attack in early December . After the attack , he warned the Mehsud tribe , which includes Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , to vacate South Waziristan or face consequences . Also killed in the strike were two of Nazir 's deputies , the officials said . The second drone strike targeted a vehicle in the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan , killing four , the officials said . Read more : Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan , officials say The drone fired a missile that struck the vehicle . It then fired two more missiles as people rushed to try to rescue the occupants , the officials said . In recent years , the U.S. government has sharply stepped up the use of drone attacks in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region , widely believed to be a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . U.S. officials say the drone strikes are an effective strategy against militant groups and insist civilian casualties are rare .	Two separate drone strikes target militants in Pakistan 's tribal region , officials say One strike kills a Taliban leader with ties to the Pakistani government , the officials say Another strike kills four in North Waziristan , the officials say
This autumn sees the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall . In the world of today , it can be hard to recall that the collapse of Soviet communism left U.S. prestige at a major high . So great was the shift to what was termed Washington 's "  unipolar moment " that some , such as French foreign minister Hubert Vedrine , quickly warned of the dangers of Washington 's "  hyperpower " . A quarter of a century on , the United States remains the most powerful country in the world -- certainly in a military sense . It can still project and deploy overwhelming force relative to any probable enemy . However , Washington is not , to use a term of art in international relations , an all-powerful hegemonic power . This core fact has been demonstrated repeatedly throughout the last two-and-a-half decades , from Somalia in 1993 , Iraq and Afghanistan since 9/11 , and also most recently to Ukraine and Syria . Since 1989 , other hopes and expectations of how the post-Cold War world might look have also been dashed . The vision of a universal order of liberal , capitalist , democratic states living in peace and contentment -- as painted by Francis Fukuyama and others -- has been replaced by a reality in which authoritarian states such as Russia and China appear to many to be in the ascendancy , so-called Islamic terrorism has become a significant international concern , and several unstable countries , including North Korea , have acquired nuclear weaponry . This complex picture is reflected in the multiple challenges confronting the US-led international order today . To take just one example , following Russia 's annexation of Crimea , Washington 's relations with Moscow are now more strained than at any time since 1989 , yet many of its allies in Europe remain dependent on Russian gas supplies as the continent heads into winter . Meanwhile , the rise of China , which is forecast to imminently surpass the United States as the world 's largest economy on purchasing parity terms , is one of the biggest game changers in global affairs since the collapse of the Soviet Union . This development has potential to be either a growing source of tension with Washington or develop into a fruitful partnership . Growing bilateral rivalry , rather than an increasingly cooperative relationship , is especially likely if Beijing 's economic and military power continues to grow rapidly , and its leadership embraces an increasingly assertive foreign policy stance towards its neighbors in Asia . Moreover , terrorism remains a threat to U.S. national interests : more than a dozen years after 9/11 , the Obama administration is still engaged in Iraq and Afghanistan to a degree that reduces the ability of the Pentagon to deal with new crises elsewhere . Meanwhile , the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has collapsed again , and Washington and Pyongyang remain locked in nuclear stand-off on the Korean peninsula . To be sure , the post-Cold War world contains multiple opportunities as well as risks for Washington , including the potential forthcoming agreement of the Trans-Pacific Partnership with around a dozen countries in the Americas and Asia-Pacific that collectively account for about 40 % of world GDP . Washington hopes that this will embed U.S. influence in Asia-Pacific and is part of the so-called U.S. pivot to the region . Meanwhile , President Barack Obama also wants to secure in coming months the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with the 28 states of the European Union . This would represent the largest regional free trade and investment agreement in history , with the U.S. and Europe accounting for more than 50 % of global GDP , and embed Washington 's role as guardian of the "  rules of the road " for international commerce , as an administration trade official put it recently . The fall of the Wall is rightly celebrated . However , it is possible to detect these days -- and not just in Washington -- a certain nostalgia for what is sometimes seen as the greater "  strategic stability " of the "  simpler " bipolar era that preceded it . Indisputably , there are a range of significant , complicated challenges to the U.S.-led order today that were not fully anticipated by many , including Fukuyama , when Soviet Communism collapsed . However , rose-tinted recollections for a Cold War-era need to be put in the context of that fact that the period of U.S.-Soviet rivalry from 1947 to 1989 also had some exceptionally dangerous moments . Perhaps the best example is the Cuban Missile Crisis which was probably the time that the world came closest to nuclear annihilation . More generally , while the U.S. and the Soviets did not formally engage directly in war , there were multiple proxy battles fought across the world with destabilizing consequences -- far from their borders but deadly to those caught up in them . Taken overall , despite all the challenges that Washington faces today , the country will remain , for the foreseeable future , the primary actor in many theatres across the world . While its relative power may erode , it will seek to continue set the international agenda in the political , economic and security spheres and succeed in doing so more often than any other state . However , U.S. success in managing the complexity of global affairs will also increasingly depend upon the cooperation of others , both competitors and allies . And a key uncertainty here is the direction of the bilateral relationship in coming years , with a rising China which could be a force for greater global instability and tension , or much deeper , collaborative strategic partnership .	In wake of fall of Berlin Wall , United States ' prestige was at a major high 25 years on , U.S. still most powerful country in the world , but status has diminished Post-Cold War vision of liberal , capitalist , democratic states living in peace dashed
CNN  -- It was a winter weather tale as old as , well , modern time : car vs. the snow plow . "  There 's our friend and our nemesis , the plow . Ugh , " said David Bradley , whose car was buried Wednesday by a plow clearing streets in Toronto . Forty-five minutes later , he was still trying to dig out his car from a fierce snowstorm that paralyzed parts of the United States and Canada , leaving hundreds of thousands without power and stranding thousands more . Similar scenes were playing from Wisconsin to Michigan , from Kansas to Texas , as thousands began digging out from a storm that began Sunday as a blizzard in the Great Plains . By Wednesday , it was a significant snowmaker over the Midwest and New England , causing headaches for some commuters . Warming climate could mean bigger blizzards , less snow Deaths and destruction The storm 's toll was still being tallied in deaths and damage as remnants of the storm hit portions of New Hampshire and Maine early Thursday morning . A winter storm warning was in effect until 5 p.m. ET , with up to 10 inches of snow in the interior regions of Maine and eastern New Hampshire , according to the National Weather Service . As it marched on , officials said at least seven people were killed . In hard-hit Kansas , there were at least six storm-related deaths : two siblings who died of carbon monoxide poisoning from a generator , three people in fatal vehicle accidents and an elderly woman who died of hypothermia sweeping snow off her steps , Gov. Sam Brownback said . A seventh person died when a roof collapsed in hard-hit Woodward , Oklahoma , Mayor Roscoe Hill said . At the height of the storm , about 100,000 Kansas City Power and Light customers were without power , the company said . But Wednesday , roughly 10,000 were without power . A snow emergency was declared in Milwaukee through Thursday morning to keep cars from parking on zones where snow plows and emergency vehicles take priority . Up to 17 inches of snow fell in portions of Milwaukee . In the dark , Simon Alcarac was shoveling snow , trying to meet Milwaukee 's 11 p.m. deadline to move his car to a nearby elementary school parking lot or face a hefty tow bill from the city . "  I prefer to go walk two blocks , three blocks than pay $ 200 to get it out " of impound , he told CNN affiliate WTMJ-TV . A number of school districts , senior centers and churches in New Hampshire and Maine were closed Thursday , while some school districts in Kansas , Illinois and Michigan remained closed . Travel troubles Airlines were rebooking passengers in Chicago late Wednesday after the snow forced the delay or cancellation of more than 100 flights , according to the airport . The storm was making itself felt on air travel in the Northeast on Wednesday evening , where airports in Boston , New York , New Jersey and Philadelphia were all showing delays . At LaGuardia Airport in New York , the FAA said departing flights were delayed by as much as an hour and 28 minutes . Airlines called off about 500 U.S. flights Wednesday , according to flight tracking website FlightAware.com . The website does n't distinguish , however , the reason for each cancellation . Cleaning up In Chicago , Willie Johnson advised caution when clearing heavy , wet snow off sidewalks and driveways . "  Take your time because this kind of snow they call heart-attack makers , " he told CNN affiliate WLS-TV . "  I mean , it will kill you . " Others left the shoveling for later , opting instead to break out the sleds . "  I love it , " said John Harris , grinning from ear to ear in his Notre Dame stocking cap . "  This is Chicago . This is what it should be like . " In Texas , some people had to resort to unconventional tools to get the job done . CNN iReporter Julie Swift of Plainview , Texas -- where 2 or 3 inches fell -- said she used a plastic school chair . "  The guy was shoveling next door for an older lady . I thought he had a real shovel , " she said . "  But he had a lid to a big plastic tub . That was funny . " Outside Bradley 's Toronto house , the din of shovel hitting concrete broke the early morning quiet . "  I have not made tremendous progress , " said Bradley , an elementary school hall monitor . "  I 'm almost to my car . " CNN 's Steve Almasy and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	A winter storm warning is in effect in portions of Maine and New Hampshire Ten inches of snow predicted in the interior regions of Maine , the weather service says There are six storm-related deaths in Kansas and one in Oklahoma A snow emergency has been declared in Milwaukee
Joint Base Lewis-Mcchord , Washington  CNN  -- A military judge sentenced a soldier accused of being part of a rogue Army "  kill squad " that murdered civilians in Afghanistan to three years in military prison and to receive a bad-conduct discharge Friday . At the opening of his court martial for allegedly killing civilians in Afghanistan , Army Specialist Adam Winfield pleaded guilty to manslaughter and use of an illegal controlled substance . Winfield is one of six soldiers from the 5th Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division who , while on assignment in Afghanistan , are accused of participating in illegal killings of civilians and covering up the alleged crimes by making it appear as if they were insurgents . An additional six soldiers are accused with lesser crimes in the case , including helping to cover up the killings . Winfield originally faced five charges including murdering three Afghan civilians , but Friday accepted a plea agreement with prosecutors to plead guilty to lesser charges and agree to testify against other soldiers in the case . He faced a maximum of 17 years behind bars . With time already served , Winfield will serve about two more years and will be demoted to the rank of private . He will also receive a bad-conduct discharge , rather than the more severe dishonorable discharge . During his testimony Friday , Winfield told the military court that he was afraid of his Staff Sergeant . He said Sgt. Calvin Gibbs concocted "  scenarios " where the men would select Afghan civilians to murder and then place weapons on them so they would appear to be insurgents who had attacked U.S. forces first . During a May 2010 mission to a village called Qualaday , Winfield testified that Sgt. Gibbs pointed to an unarmed Afghan man . "  Is this the guy ? " Winfield testified Gibbs asked him and Pvt. Jeremy Morlock . "  I had an idea that Sgt. Gibbs was looking for a kill , " Winfield testified . The soldiers separated the man from his wife and young children , Winfield said . Then , he said , they killed the man by throwing a grenade at his feet and shooting him . They later claimed the Afghan man had thrown the grenade at them . Winfield said Friday he fired his automatic weapon away from the man as to pretend to have taken part in the alleged murder . But he admitted he did nothing to keep his fellow soldiers from carrying out the alleged execution of an unarmed civilian . "  I did n't say no , I did n't object to it , " Winfield told the court . Winfield said the group 's alleged ringleader , Sgt. Gibbs , was concerned he would talk about the alleged murders . Gibbs , Winfield said , threatened that he could kill him and make it look like an accident had taken place while Winfield was repairing a vehicle or working out in the gym . When Winfield went to speak with an Army Chaplain about depression he was suffering from , he said Gibbs intercepted him . "  Sgt. Gibbs reminded me I should n't be talking about things I should n't be talking about , " Winfield testified . Although Winfield said he was pressured to keep quiet , he testified no one forced him to take place in the alleged killings . "  If I had done my duty , he would still be alive , " Winfield said , referring to the Afghan man he said his fellow soldiers murdered . In March , another soldier , Pvt. Morlock , pleaded guilty to killing that man and two other Afghan civilians for thrills and covering up the murders . Morlock 's chilling testimony painted a picture of soldiers gone rogue -- abusing drugs , executing Afghan civilians they referred to as "  savages " and posing in photographs over the dead men . Morlock is serving a 24-year sentence in prison . Sgt. Gibbs , who also faces court martial in the case , has said the killings were justified under Army rules of engagement . Gibbs is also accused of taking body parts from the dead men to keep as grisly souvenirs . Winfield 's father , Christopher Winfield , previously told reporters that his son had told him about the alleged killings and that he was afraid that his fellow soldiers might target him for speaking out . Christopher Winfield said he tried to report the group 's alleged actions to the Army but was ignored . The Army has said it is investigating the claims made by Winfield 's father that he tried to alert officials about the alleged murders . During testimony Friday , both of Winfield 's parents lashed out at the Army for what they called a failure to act on the information they had provided . But Emma Winfield said her son takes responsibility for his part in the alleged murders . "  Adam definitely understands the error that he made , " she said . "  He is filled with remorse . " In halting testimony before he was sentenced , Winfield told the court : "  I was sorry for what happened here , I wish it did n't go the way that it did , " he said . "  I wish I had been braver . "	NEW : Winfield will receive a bad-conduct discharge He is accused of being one of six soldiers who formed a "  kill squad " Winfield originally faced five charges including murdering three Afghan civilians Winfield 's father said he tried to report the group 's alleged actions to the Army but was ignored
CNN  -- Suspected members of al Qaeda 's Yemen wing ambushed an army vehicle on Friday and killed at least five soldiers , a government official told CNN . The incident took place in Marib province , in the western section of the country . Three other soldiers were injured in the ambush , conducted by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , also known as AQAP . Yemen 's government is unpopular among many citizens , and it has been facing a lot of street opposition in recent months , but it has been a U.S. ally in the fight against militants -- most prominently AQAP . In December , John Brennan , the administration 's top counterterrorism adviser , said AQAP posed a greater threat to Americans than the bin Laden group based in Pakistan . Speaking at a forum at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , he said AQAP was "  increasingly active " in reaching out to find terrorist recruits , even in the United States . One of the key figures in the group is Anwar Al-Awlaki , the American-born radical Muslim cleric who moved to Yemen and has become a key figure in AQAP . A U.S. drone strike recently attempted but failed to kill al-Awlaki . This came after the U.S. military swooped into a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan on May 2 , and killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Al-Awlaki has been linked to the suspect in the Fort Hood massacre of 13 people in 2009 , as well as the suspect in the 2009 Christmas Day "  underwear bombing " attempt in which a man allegedly tried to detonate an explosive device sewn into his underwear as his flight headed toward Detroit . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	The incident took place in Marib province AQAP recently was called more dangerous than bin Laden 's Pakistan group The United States tried but failed to take out al-Awlaki in a drone strike
CNN  -- Third seed Andy Murray will play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the final of the Australian Open after overcoming Roger Federer in a tense five-set semifinal in Melbourne Friday . Sunday will see a repeat of the 2011 final , with Murray looking to avenge his defeat to Djokovic after beating 17-time grand slam winner Federer 6-4 6-7  5-7  6-3 6-7  2-7  6-2 . Murray will be looking to finally capture the Melbourne title having twice been runner-up at the year 's first grand slam . The 25-year-old Briton is also looking for his second straight grand slam title after beating Serbian ace Djokovic in the final of the U.S. Open last September , the first time he had claimed one of the four major titles in tennis . Should he repeat that victory over Djokovic in the Australia final , Murray would become the first player to follow up his maiden grand slam title with another at the first opportunity . World No. 2 Federer was hoping to become the first man in the post-1968 Open era to win the Australian Open on five occasions , but came up short in a high quality match lasting exactly four hours . It was the first time Murray had beaten Federer at a grand slam , but his victory over the Swiss maestro in the gold medal match at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London has acted as a springboard for his later successes . Murray never trailed throughout the match on the Rod Laver Arena , but was twice pegged back as Federer won the second and fourth sets on tiebreaks . Murray served for the match in the fourth set at 6-5 , but was denied victory by some brilliant attacking tennis by the second seed as he broke back . Federer carried that momentum into the subsequent tiebreak to force a decider , but Murray showed his mettle by taking control again . An early break saw him forge 5-2 ahead and when Federer served to stay in the match , he was unable to offer more than token resistance , hitting long as Murray sealed an epic and deserved victory . "  I 've been known for losing a lot of tough matches and big matches , especially here a few times , and having never beaten Roger in a big match until the Olympics , " he said in his court side interview . "  That obviously helps but it does n't make it any easier when you 're trying to serve it out . " The 31-year Federer insisted he would bounce back after his third straight semifinal loss in Melbourne and dismissed notions that he would struggle to compete with younger rivals such as Djokovic and Murray . "  I go from here with a good feeling for the year . I did n't play a tournament leading in , so now obviously I know where my level is at , " he told gathered reporters . "  I also know that I have even more time to work on my game , work on my fitness this year . It 's something I 'm excited about . " Saturday will see the women 's final between World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka and former French Open champion Li Na . The championship will close when Murray and Djokovic lock horns 24 hours later , with spectators hoping for a repeat of their epic semifinal clash last year where the latter prevailed in a five set thriller before beating Rafael Nadal in a marathon final . Nadal , the other member of the ` big four ' , is currently sidelined by a long-term injury but intends to make his comeback next month .	Andy Murray will play Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's Australian Open final Third seed Murray beat Roger Federer in five sets to reach his third Melbourne final It was Murray 's first victory over Federer at one of the sport 's four grand slams Djokovic beat Murray in the 2011 final of the season 's first grand slam
CNN  -- Mexican authorities have arrested a reputed senior member of a major Tijuana-based drug cartel after a shootout , U.S. authorities confirmed Sunday . Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested in Tijuana , Mexico , on Saturday . Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested at a Tijuana , Mexico , residence Saturday , said Special Agent Eileen Zeidler of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration office in San Diego , California . She said federal authorities received a tip on the whereabouts of Arellano-Felix and provided the information to Mexican authorities . No other details were immediately available . Arellano-Felix was one of the last wanted members of the powerful and brutal trafficking organization bearing his family name , authorities say . His brother , reputed Mexican drug lord Javier Arellano-Felix , was captured by U.S. authorities in August 2006 off the shore of southern Baja California . The brothers were on the top of the DEA 's Most Wanted List , carrying rewards of $ 5 million dollars for their capture . Officials say seven brothers and four sisters of the Arellano-Felix family inherited the Tijuana cartel from Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in 1989 after his arrest for drug trafficking . Eduardo was the last remaining brother who had an active role in the cartel . Today , the notorious cartel is split into two factions -- one headed by Eduardo Garcia Simental and another headed by Eduardo Arellano-Felix 's nephew , Fernando Sanchez Arellano . The two sides have engaged in brutal fighting , accounting for nearly all the violence in Tijuana , according to the DEA . More than 400 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Tijuana this year . While Eduardo Arellano-Felix was not the boss of the cartel , DEA officials said his nephew sought his advice on decisions . Zeidler said the arrest of Arellano-Felix was a significant step in potentially dismantling the cartel . "  You pull the foundation out of the house and the house is going to come down , " she said . " -LSB- Arellano-Felix -RSB- was the foundation . "	Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested at a Tijuana residence Saturday He was on the DEA 's Most Wanted List Arrest could help dismantling the family 's drug cartel , DEA agent says
Washington  CNN  -- A group of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents is going to court , saying new Obama administration directives on removing illegal immigrants could put them in violation of federal law . Ten ICE agents filed a lawsuit Thursday in federal court in Dallas against Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and ICE Director John Morton . The organization NumbersUSA , with it 's self-proclaimed stance of "  for lower immigration , " quickly claimed a stake in the suit , saying on its website that it was "  financing the effort " of the agents ' suit . NumbersUSA also emphasized on its site that Kris Kobach , the Republican Kansas secretary of state who worked on Arizona 's controversial immigration law and is an informal adviser to presumed Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , is representing the suing agents . The suit cites Obama administration decisions to allow young people brought to the U.S. before the age of 16 who meet certain criteria to apply for a two-year relief period in which they could n't be deported . The complaint also objects to the policy of "  prosecutorial discretion , " in which ICE agents are supposed to focus their attention on dangerous criminals who are illegal immigrants . In a nutshell , the agents do not want to obey the new policies and do not want to face any disciplinary actions or lawsuits if they continue to arrest any type of immigrant who is in the United States illegally . Undocumented immigrants line up for relief from deportation "  We are federal law enforcement officers who are being ordered to break the law . This directive puts ICE agents and officers in a horrible position , " Chris Crane , one of the agents filing suit and the president of the ICE agents and oficers union , said , according to a news release posted on the NumbersUSA said . Matt Chandler , a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security , responded , "  DHS uses prosecutorial discretion to assist in focusing vigorously on the removal of individuals who are convicted criminals , repeat immigration law violators , and recent border-crossers . " Chandler said the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals decision is a temporary measure until Congress takes action on reforming immigration policies and that it "  ensures that responsible young people , who are Americans in every way but on paper , have an opportunity to remain in the country and make their fullest contribution . " The DHS spokesman also said that in fiscal year 2011 ICE removed 216,000 criminal illegal immigrants , a figure Chandler said is the largest in history and an 89 % increase over the administration of President George W. Bush . The Obama administration announced in June it will stop deporting young illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they meet certain requirements . Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who came to the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military can get a two-year deferral from deportation , Supporters stress it does not grant immunity or a provide a shortcut to citizenship but affords undocumented immigrant children a chance to be productive workers -- with a promise they wo n't be deported for two years . Opponents see the policy as granting backdoor amnesty to people who came to America illegally and tightening an already poor job market for young Americans . As many as 1.7 million youths may qualify for the program , according to the Pew Hispanic Center , a project of the Pew Research Center . The deferred deportation policy includes some of the provisions of a Democratic proposal called the DREAM Act that failed to win enough Republican support to become law . In this year 's presidential election , Latino votes are critical in several battleground states , including Florida and Nevada . On Thursday , several members of Congress came out in support of the ICE agents ' suit . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said the administration 's policies are "  having a very negative effect on our immigration law enforcement officers ' ability to secure America 's border and defend the rule of law . " Undocumented students in their own words "  ICE agents should enforce our immigration laws and apprehend illegal immigrants , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee . "  But the Obama administration makes it impossible for ICE agents to do their jobs . " Five things to know about the big change in immigration policy Court blocks provisions in immigration laws , lets some controversial ones stand CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The agents oppose the Obama administration 's new priorities on deportation They say obeying the new police could put them in violation of federal law They oppose policy allowing some young people a 2-year relief period from deportation A DHS spokesman responds that new policies target criminals and recent border-crossers
CNN  -- With snow in the forecast almost daily , municipalities in much of the country have been sprinkling roads and sidewalks with salt for safety . But this brutal winter has left some cities struggling to get stockpiles of salt to hard-hit areas , authorities said . Others have turned to alternatives such as cheese brine to keep roads safe -- despite the lingering odor . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Wednesday that the long , snowy winter had left New York City and Long Island with salt shortages , prompting the state Department of Transportation to move 3,500 tons of road salt to those areas from state stockpiles , according to a statement . The state is also mixing sand with salt to stretch resources , according to a Cuomo spokesman . While salt is essential to making the roads safer , New Yorkers should take news of shortages with a grain of , well , salt because alternatives are used throughout the country . Sometimes the alternatives are cheaper than traditional salt . In Polk County , Wisconsin , for instance , cheese brine from factories is used for snow and ice control , according to Michael Sproul , program manager at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation . "  Cheese brine is not an alternative to salt , it 's just a cheaper version , " he said , adding that it 's mixed with salt to conserve supplies . "  In Wisconsin , it 's a waste product . For us , it can be used on the roads . Someone can give it to us . We ask them to filter and deliver it and we use it ... We 're doing them a favor . It 's just another material that we can use with salt to treat the snow and ice that 's supposed to be close to free . The brine is effective because it works at a lower temperature than normal salt , according to Emil Norby , technical support manager at the Polk County Highway Department . In Bergen County , New Jersey , officials in the past have used a mixture of salt and water that resembles pickle juice and costs significantly less than salt , former county Public Works Director Joe Crifasi told CNN affiliate WCBS in 2011 , which was also an exceptionally snowy winter . Other alternatives to salt have included liquid from byproducts , including beer waste and beet juice , according to a study by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies , a New York state-based environmental group . Some communities are dealing with high costs for both salt and overtime for plow drivers . In Oak Park , Illinois , salt is three times the normal price because of high demand this winter , and overtime for plow workers is adding up . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Brutal winter has left some cities struggling to get stockpiles of salt for roads and sidewalks Facing shortages , New York City and Long Island to get salt from the state Around the nation , municipalities have used everything from a pickle juice-like mix to cheese brine
CNN  -- When he was 6 weeks old , Kaiba Gionfriddo lay flat on a restaurant table , his skin turning blue . He had stopped breathing . His father , Bryan , was furiously pumping his chest , trying to get air into his son 's lungs . Within 30 minutes , Kaiba was admitted to a local hospital . Doctors concluded that he had probably breathed food or liquid into his lungs and eventually released him . But two days later , it happened again . It was the beginning of an ordeal for the Youngstown , Ohio , family that continued day after agonizing day . "  They had to do CPR on him every day , " said April Gionfriddo , Kaiba 's mother , who later found out her son had a rare obstruction in his lungs called bronchial malacia . "  I did n't think he was going to leave the hospital alive . " With hopes dimming that Kaiba would survive , doctors tried the medical equivalent of a "  Hail Mary " pass . Using an experimental technique never before tried on a human , they created a splint made out of biological material that effectively carved a path through Kaiba 's blocked airway . What makes this a medical feat straight out of science fiction : The splint was created on a three-dimensional printer . "  It 's magical to me , " said Dr. Glenn Green , an associate professor of pediatric otolaryngology at the University of Michigan who implanted the splint in Kaiba . "  We 're talking about taking dust and using it to build body parts . " Kaiba 's procedure was described in a letter published in the most recent issue of the New England Journal of Medicine . "  It was pretty nifty that  doctors  were able to make something for Kaiba on a printer like that , " April Gionfriddo said . "  But we really were n't so worried about that . We were more worried about our son . " Toddler gets new windpipe from her own stem cells Green , who has been practicing for two decades , and a UM colleague , biomedical engineer Scott Hollister , had been working for years toward a clinical trial to test the splint in children with pulmonary issues when they got a phone call from a physician in Ohio who was aware of their research . "  He said , ` I 've got a child who needs  a splint  now , ' " referring to Kaiba , said Green . "  He said that this child is not going to live unless something is done . " Green and Hollister got emergency clearance from their hospital and the Food and Drug Administration to try the experimental treatment -- which had been used only on animals -- on Kaiba . The child was airlifted from Akron Children 's Hospital to C.S. Mott Children 's Hospital at UM . "  It was a mixture of elation and , for lack of a better word , terror , " said Hollister , a professor of biomedical and mechanical engineering who has been studying tissue regeneration for more than 15 years . "  When someone drops something like this in your lap and says , ` Look , this might be this kid 's only chance ' ... it 's a big step . " The next big step was getting a CT scan of Kaiba 's lungs so that the splint could be fitted to his organs ' exact dimensions . Hollister used the results of the scan to generate a computer model of the splint . The model was fed into a 3-D printer that can engineer structures using a powder called polycaprolactone , or PCL . PCL is malleable ; it can be fashioned into all kinds of intricate structures . When a splint is created using PCL , it becomes a sort of biological placeholder , propping up structures while the body heals around it . PCL has been used for years to fill holes left behind in the skull after brain surgery , according to Hollister . As time passes , PCL degrades and is excreted out of the body , hopefully leaving behind a healed organ . What followed in Kaiba 's case was a painstaking process of creating the splint on the printer in layers . Information about each layer is transmitted from the computer to a laser beam , which melts the PCL into a 3-D structure . "  We can put together a complete copy of a body part on the 3-D printer within a day , " Green said . "  So we can make something very specific for a patient very quickly . " Green then took the splint , measuring just a few centimeters long and 8 millimeters wide , and surgically attached it to Kaiba 's collapsed bronchus . It was only moments before he saw the results . "  When the stitches were put in , we started seeing the lung inflate and deflate , " Green said . "  It was so fabulous . There were people in the operating room cheering . " "  This case is a wonderful example that regenerative technologies are no longer science fiction , " said Dr. Andre Terzic , director of the Mayo Clinic Center for Regenerative Medicine , who was not involved in Kaiba 's case . "  We are increasingly ... finding new solutions that we did n't have before . " The technique used by Green and Hollister is part of a burgeoning field called regenerative medicine , which involves engineering therapies -- using things like stem cells , or "  body parts " constructed out of biological material -- to harness the body 's ability to heal itself . Creating a part that is specific to a patient 's organ takes on even more importance with diseases like bronchial malacia , in which conventional intervention is risky and often the alternative is life on a ventilator . But while cases like Kaiba 's are a medical boon , both Terzic and the UM researchers stress that this and other regenerative procedures must be replicated in a wider patient population . "  This gives us the opportunity to really do patient-specific and individualized medicine , " Hollister said . "  So we do n't have to do one-size-fits-all . But there is still a lot of work to be done . " While that work is being done , Kaiba 's family remains grateful that , 15 months post-surgery and at age 18 months , he is still able to breathe on his own . "  I 'm just so happy he 's still here , that he was able to make it through , " April Gionfriddo said . "  Hopefully  soon  he 'll be able to run around and be an even happier child . " The splint will take three years to degrade , and in the meantime , Kaiba 's lung should continue to develop normally , said Green . Green and Hollister hope to begin clinical trials in a larger patient population this year or next .	Kaiba Gionfriddo stopped breathing daily and had to receive CPR Doctors tried the equivalent of a "  Hail Mary " pass They created a splint on a 3-D printer to enable him to breathe
EW.com  -- Gru , the bald and beetle-browed rascal hero of "  Despicable Me 2 , " is an infectious imp â $ " as voiced by Steve Carell , he 's like Uncle Fester with the personality of Nikita Khrushchev . But in the first "  Despicable Me "  2010  , he was a supervillain with a grand plan  he wanted to steal the moon  , and in the surprisingly toothless sequel , he has been neutered into a boring nice guy . The co-directors , Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud , create a seductively tactile computer-animated landscape in which gentle slapstick rules the day . For some reason , though , they have mostly left out the flashes of egomaniacal dastardliness that even a movie for kids can thrive on  e.g. , the far superior Will Ferrell animation Megamind  . Kristen Wiig voices Lucy , the Anti-Villain League agent who has a crush on Gru and recruits him to be a spy . You keep waiting for Wiig to display some of her flaked-out inspiration , but she , too , has been given almost nothing to play but sweetness and light . The best thing in the movie is the army of chattery yellow minions who are injected with a serum that transforms them into gnashing purple beasties . By the end , every child in the audience will want his or her own monster-minion toy . Adults will just regret the way that "  Despicable Me 2 " betrays the original film 's devotion to bad-guy gaiety . Grade : C CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is sequel to the 2010 original This time the main character Gru is a nice guy Reviewer says the best thing about the film is the minions
A 51-year-old woman shown in a video being repeatedly punched by a California Highway Patrol officer has reached a $ 1.5 million settlement with the law enforcement agency , its media relations office said . The beating suffered by Marlene Pinnock , a great-grandmother , took place in July along the Santa Monica Freeway and was caught on tape by a passing motorist . Her family then vowed to bring a civil case against the agency . As a result of the settlement , the officer involved , Daniel L. Andrew , has agreed to resign , the CHP media relations office said . "  When this incident occurred , I promised that I would look into it and vowed a swift resolution . Today , we have worked constructively to reach a settlement agreement that is satisfactory to all parties involved , " said California Highway Patrol Commissioner Joe Farrow in a statement . The bulk of the settlement will be used to set up a special needs trust for Pinnock "  to provide a mechanism for her long term care , " he said . A police report released a few days after the incident said Pinnock posed a danger to herself and other drivers because she was "  walking within traffic lanes " at times and when asked to stop she became "  physically combative . " She was placed in a hospital under an involuntary psychiatric hold .	An officer was caught on videotape beating Marlene Pinnock , a great-grandmother She reaches a $ 1.5 million settlement with the California Highway Patrol The officer involved has resigned as part of the settlement , the agency says
CNN  -- It 's not the most ambitious Kickstarter in history , but maybe that 's the secret ingredient that 's making one man 's pitch on the crowd-funding website so successful . Well , maybe that and a little dill . "  Basically I 'm just making potato salad . I have n't decided what kind yet , " wrote Zack Brown on his campaign 's Kickstarter page . In a campaign that went online over the holiday weekend , Brown 's goal was to raise only $ 10 . He tempered any expectations -- if there were any . "  It might not be that good . It 's my first potato salad . " Despite his own lukewarm forecast , potential investors were not shaken by Brown 's recipe indecisiveness and lack of experience . By Sunday evening , Brown had raised nearly $ 5,000 by 850 backers . "  I never thought it would go this far , " Brown of Columbus told a Reddit "  Ask Me Anything " session . "  $ 10 seemed like a good , conservative goal . I think the thing people are responding to is the opportunity to come together around something equal parts absurd and mundane . " So what do investors -- which Kickstarter calls "  backers , " get in return ? A pledge of $ 1 -- of which there were more than 300 by Sunday evening -- earns a "  thank you " from Brown on the website as well as aloud while the potato salad is made . But for $ 20 , you get a potato-salad themed haiku written by Brown and a signed jar of mayonnaise . As the campaign caught steam over the holiday weekend , a new goal was set : at $ 3,000 the "  whole Internet " would be invited to Columbus to taste the potato salad . That did n't take long . "  We 're going to need a lot of potato salad ! " he wrote when $ 3,000 came and went . "  It could take me weeks to make it . " Asked on Reddit why he was doing it , Brown got philosophical . "  Potato Salad is n't controversial , but it seems to unite us all . "	Ohio man hoped to raise $ 10 on Kickstarter to make potato salad for the first time By Sunday evening , more than 850 pledged nearly $ 5,000 to Zach Brown "  Entire Internet " invited to a party to taste Brown 's recipe
Washington  CNN  -- The president of South Korea has vowed "  resolute " measures against North Korea for its alleged attack on a South Korean warship , South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency reported Thursday . A five-country committee announced Thursday morning in Seoul that they had concluded a North Korean submarine fired a torpedo that sunk the South Korea warship in March . Investigators recovered a propeller from the torpedo that blew the Cheonan in half on March 26 , Yoon Duk-yong , the committee 's co-chair , told reporters . The propeller was from the kind of "  torpedoes that were exported from North Korea and the letters and the fonts on the torpedo are the are the same that are used by North Korea , " Yoon said at a Thursday morning news conference . "  This torpedo was manufactured in North Korea . " Yoon said that the investigation found that a small to mid-sized North Korea sub "  fired the torpedo that sunk the Cheonan vessel and retreated back to their border . " As the 1,200-ton vessel went down , 46 sailors were lost near disputed waters in the Yellow Sea . "  We  will take resolute countermeasures against North Korea and make it admit its wrongdoings through strong international cooperation and return to the international community as a responsible member , " President Lee Myung-bak told Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd in phone talks , according to Lee 's office , Yonhap reported . North Korea denied torpedoing the warship just as the team of investigators in Seoul unveiled their report . "  We had already warned the South Korean group of traitors not to make reckless remarks concerning the sinking of warship Cheonan of the puppet navy , " North Korea 's National Defence Commission said in a statement , according to the Korean Central News Agency . "  Nevertheless , the group of traitors had far-fetchedly tried to link the case with us without offering any material evidence . " "  It finally announced the results of the joint investigation based on a sheer fabrication " the defense commission said , according to the state-run KCNA . The commission called the new report part of a "  smear campaign . " The White House backed the report issued Thursday in Seoul , saying it "  points overwhelmingly to the conclusion that North Korea was responsible for the attack . " "  This act of aggression is one more instance of North Korea 's unacceptable behavior and defiance of international law , " said a statement by White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . "  This attack constitutes a challenge to international peace and security and is a violation of the Armistice Agreement . " President Obama spoke with South Korean President Lee bak on Monday and "  made clear that the United States fully supports the Republic of Korea , both in the effort to secure justice for the 46 service members killed in this attack and in its defense against further acts of aggression , " Gibbs said . "  North Korea must understand that belligerence towards its neighbors and defiance of the international community are signs of weakness , not strength , " Gibbs ' statement said . "  Such unacceptable behavior only deepens North Korea 's isolation . It reinforces the resolve of its neighbors to intensify their cooperation to safeguard peace and stability in the region against all provocations . " The United States has a mutual defense treaty with South Korea and Japan to defend "  against any aggression , " so if a military confrontation develops , the United States would be responsible for defending South Korea , a U.S. military official said . "  I do n't think it will come to that , " the official said . "  They know they need to have a response , but there is too much at stake for South Korea to have a confrontation on the Korean peninsula . North Korea has nothing to lose , but South Korea is a serious country with a huge economy . " There are military options for South Korea beyond firing missiles , said John Delury , who studies North and South Korea at the Asia Society . Anything combative would hurt South Korea economically , Delury said , but the country could increase its naval presence along the line that divides South and North Korea in the waters surrounding the countries . He notes that comes with a risk . "  Those actions could trigger a conflict , " he noted . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who will visit Seoul next week , will talk with the South Korean government about the investigation , Assistant Secretary Campbell said . Clinton will also visit Japan and China during her trip , and the North Korean issue is likely to be high on the agenda . Clinton will have "  the closest possible consultations with Japan , China and South Korea about the next phase , " Campbell said . On Monday , President Obama spoke on the phone about the investigation with President Lee . The president reiterated "  the strong and unwavering commitment of the United States to the defense and the well-being of its close friend and ally , the Republic of Korea , " a White House statement said about the conversation . CNN 's Elise Labott and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators recovered propeller from torpedo that blew Cheonan in half North Korea denies torpedoing warship , says report is part of a smear campaign South Korea vows resolute measures to make North Korea accept responsibility North Korea fired torpedo that hit South Korean warship , killing 46 , investigators say
London , England  CNN  -- The British government wants to find out what makes people happy . Is it good health , education , income , or job satisfaction ? Is it the environment , a lack of crime , or having a say in politics ? Those aspects of life ca n't be measured by the gross domestic product  GDP  , long used as a key indicator of a nation 's prosperity , British Prime Minister David Cameron says . Thursday , he launched a national survey to ask people which aspects matter most to them , and which they believe should be used to measure the nation 's well-being . Though Cameron has championed this initiative since at least 2006 , when he was still leader of the opposition -- suggesting a focus on GWB , or "  general well-being " -- he still defended the idea Thursday against suspicions "  that all this is a bit airy-fairy and impractical . " "  Of course you ca n't capture happiness on a spreadsheet any more than you can bottle it , " he said in announcing the program . "  If anyone was trying to reduce the whole spectrum of human emotion into one snapshot statistic , I would be the first to roll my eyes , but that is n't what this is about . "  Just as the GDP figures do n't give the full story of our economy 's growth , but do give a useful indicator of where we 're heading , so this new measure wo n't give the full story of our nation 's well-being , but will give us a general picture of how life is improving . " An online survey for individuals will run until April , when the Office for National Statistics  ONS  will send out surveys to large households . The results of both will be collected and analyzed , with results to come out in 2012 , the ONS said . Cameron said he knows some think the project is a "  distraction " from the more urgent economic problems Britain must address , and that some think there is no way the government can hope to improve people 's well-being . Getting the economy moving , and creating jobs and spreading opportunity , is still the government 's most urgent priority , Cameron said -- but there need to be better ways than just GDP to assess the country 's growth and progress . "  When a country is hit by an earthquake , that can increase GDP because of the extra spending on reconstruction afterwards , " he said . "  When a city is torn apart by crime and disorder , that can increase GDP because of all the extra locks and security people buy . When a person falls seriously ill , that can increase GDP because the cost of buying drugs and paying for care counts as economic activity . " Initiatives regarded as good for growth sometimes have negative effects on the quality of life , he said -- such as loose controls on immigration , which can affect public services , or cheap prices on alcohol that can lead to more incidents of crime . "  It 's because of this fundamentally flawed approach that for decades Western societies have seen the line of GDP rising steadily upwards , but at the same time , levels of contentment have remained static or even fallen , " Cameron said . Cameron said government ca n't legislate for fulfillment or satisfaction , but it can boost well-being by finding out what will improve lives and then acting on it . "  In time it will lead to government policy that is more focused not just on the bottom line , but on all those things that make life worthwhile , " he said .	The prime minister launches a national survey to measure well-being It asks people what aspects of life matter most to them Cameron says the GDP falls short of measuring a nation 's well-being
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Police armed with rubber bullets were patrolling neighborhoods in Johannesburg on Tuesday in an effort to quell a recent spree of violence aimed at foreigners that police say has killed 22 people and displaced an estimated 13,000 . A crowd armed with clubs , machetes and axes rioted on the outskirts of Johannesburg on Tuesday . Many of the victims are Zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances in their homeland . Evidence of the violence was seen in smoke rising from burned homes in one Johannesburg neighborhood . Locals angry about the rising number of foreigners arriving in South Africa had set homes ablaze . Firefighters said they had fought more than 100 such blazes since Thursday . Standing outside a row of charred homes , Diamond Minnaar said there is a solution for foreigners . "  Most of them just have to go back to their country and leave us in peace , " Minnaar said . "  That is the only solution . Or they are just going to get killed . Look at how many shacks have burnt down . " The attacks and looting have drawn condemnation from South African officials and other African leaders . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video The violence began a week ago in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township , police say , and has been concentrated in the city 's poorest areas . "  People are angry because they are unemployed , poverty-affected people struggling for basic needs every day , " said Dean Christopher Barends , a local Lutheran minister . "  This will explode into something . " One person victimized was Pascoal Sendela Gulane , a Mozambican man , who said gangs broke into his home and stole his belongings . He fled to a church with his family and is now living with his children in his car on the church 's property . For him and many others , churches and police stations have become safe havens . Watch footage of the attacks " On Monday , South African President Thabo Mbeki called for an end to the violence . "  We dehumanize ourselves the moment we start thinking of another person as less human than we are simply because they come from another country " he said in a statement . "  As South Africans , we must recognize and fully appreciate that we are bound together with other Africans by history , culture , economics and , above all , by destiny . I call upon those behind these shameful and criminal acts to stop ! Nothing can justify it . " He has called for an investigation into the violence . Also Monday , the Nelson Mandela Foundation issued a statement condemning the "  senseless violence . " South African police have arrested more than 200 people in connection with the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft . Police director Govindsamy Mariemuthoo said that at least one foreigner was burned alive over the weekend , while others saw their houses torched , their shops looted and their possessions stolen . Tuesday there was a large police presence in the neighborhoods were the violence had occurred , according to a CNN producer on the scene . Despite the police presence , sporadic looting still took place in several townships east of Johannesburg . Mbuso Mthembu , provincial manager at the Red Cross office in Johannesburg , said that the number of people fleeing is continuing to grow and that violent attacks seem to be spreading into other areas . His organization has made an emergency appeal for people to donate 1 million rand  about $ 135,000  to help support the estimated 13,000 who have fled their homes . Many had to flee quickly , leaving all their belongings behind , Mthembu said . "  We have delivered blankets , kids clothing , baby formula , " he said . "  But we need more . "	An estimated 13,000 people fled homes after violence targeting foreigners Attacks have been concentrated in Johannesburg 's poorest areas Police arrest more than 200 people after at least 22 are killed Zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps
CNN  Oracle Team USA will make its defense of the America 's Cup in 2017 off the island of Bermuda , a British overseas territory in the Atlantic Ocean . The announcement was made Tuesday at a glitzy ceremony in New York , attended by Hollywood film stars Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta Jones , who have been residents of Bermuda . It will be the first time that an American syndicate has defended the prestigious trophy in foreign waters in a competition dating back to 1851 . "  In Bermuda we have a perfect international venue to demonstrate the excitement America 's Cup boats and teams can generate , " commercial commissioner Harvey Schiller was quoted on the event 's official website . "  One spot , " he said "  offered everything we needed to make the 2017 America 's Cup an exceptional event . " The 2013 staging in San Francisco saw Oracle make a successful defense of the Cup in one of the most exciting finales in its history , beating Team New Zealand in the deciding race . New Zealand will join four other challengers , Artemis Racing of Sweden , the UK syndicate Ben Ainslie Racing , Luna Rossa Challenge from Italy and Team France , who will battle to earn the right to challenge Oracle for sailing 's most prestigious honor . 62-foot catamarans have been chosen for the racing and Oracle 's skipper Jimmy Spithill is already looking forward to the task ahead . "  Racing in Bermuda will be an incredible experience for the spectators , both on-site and for those watching the broadcast , and for the sailors , it 's going to be very challenging , " he said . "  I 've raced there several times and the variety of conditions means you can never let your guard down . We 'll all need to be at the top of our game to have success and that 's how it should be . " It is a major boost for the economy of Bermuda , which is heavily reliant on tourism and financial services , fighting off the reported challenge of San Diego in California for the staging rights . Bermuda Premier Michael Dunkley said he hoped his island would host an "  unforgettable experience " for those present or watching on television . "  We thank the America 's Cup for their confidence in us -- and for their vision to evolve the experience for spectators and participants alike . "  This announcement today marks an exciting new chapter for Bermuda too . That our futures are linked in such a meaningful way will make for a great partnership , " he said . Renowned as a playground for the rich , Douglas , whose mother is Bermudian , is developing a resort complex , he first revealed on official Facebook page back in April .	Bermuda chosen to host 2017 America 's Cup San Francisco staged last competition in 2013 America 's Cup is sailing 's oldest event with 163-year history Team Oracle USA will defend the Cup
CNN  -- Sure , there are things at stake in Tuesday 's recall election for governor of Wisconsin . You need to know only a smidgeon about the politics of Republican Gov. Scott Walker and the Democratic challenger Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett to be aware of that . You need to have paid only passing attention to the political battle that has engulfed Wisconsin for 16 months to know that . If there 's anything that just about everyone in Wisconsin agrees on , it 's that it makes a big difference who is governor and which party controls each house of the legislature . When staunch conservative Walker and Republicans swept to control of the Capitol in Madison , and particularly when Walker launched his drive in February 2011 to render public employee unions all but powerless , no doubt was left that it mattered when Walker beat the liberal-to-moderate Barrett by a 52.3 % to 46.5 % margin in November 2010 . Walker 's fate in Wisconsin comes down to ground game The changes can be seen not only in the law on employee public unions , but in tax policies , school funding , the strength of the safety net for those in need , environmental regulations , the right to carry concealed weapons and other major issues . But some things are not going to change in the light of Tuesday 's outcome , things that should be kept in mind when it comes to post-election analysis . I 'd suggest five of them : 1 . The presidential race in Wisconsin . Many will read Tuesday 's outcome as a good sign for the presidential candidate from the party of the winner . I 'm dubious . For one thing , President Barack Obama has done fairly well in recent polls , up 8 percentage points over former Gov. Mitt Romney in a Marquette Law School Poll last week , while Barrett has trailed Walker in almost all recent polls , down 7 percentage points in the same poll . Clearly , some people look at the two races separately . Previously on CNN : My mom is sick of calls from Mitt Romney Obama and the national Democratic Party have distanced themselves from the recall election . That was glaringly clear when Obama did not make an appearance in Wisconsin , even though he was in next-door Minnesota on Friday and then , Friday night and Saturday , in his hometown of Chicago . It 's a short hop from Chicago to Kenosha , Racine or Milwaukee , all Democratic strongholds where turnout will be key on Tuesday . The most reasonable interpretation for national Democrats keeping their distance is that they see nothing to gain from being visible , especially given polls that suggest a Barrett defeat is likely . The thinking most likely is : If Obama is doing reasonably well in Wisconsin already , why get involved in this acrimonious and probably losing mess ? Wisconsin Democratic leaders have been unhappy with the low level of national party support , but Republicans have been more forthcoming with both money and by sending in GOP stars such as Govs. Chris Christie , Bobby Jindal and Nikki Haley . However the recall turns out , leaders of both parties expect the presidential race to be close in Wisconsin . With 10 electoral votes , Wisconsin is n't a big deal , except that it is hard to chart an Obama victory without including Wisconsin . In 2000 and 2004 , the state had razor 's edge wins for Democrats . The 2008 outcome , an easy Obama win , was different . But in some ways , 2008 seems longer ago than 2004 . 2 . The deep well of political anger . Wisconsin is a strong example of how people are pretty fed up , even as they go in almost equal numbers in opposite political directions . The economy , social hot-button issues , cultural issues , economic and racial dynamics -- there are many sources of fuel for the feelings that divide Wisconsin . The demographics of the state make these close to 50-50 issues , but it 's worth pondering how similar the intensity of emotions are on each side of the divide . That anger wo n't be relieved after Tuesday . 3 . The intensity of campaigning . Wisconsin is in the Era of Never Ending Campaigns . In addition to the regularly scheduled November elections for governor and legislative seats , the state has featured a super-close , high spending Supreme Court race in 2011 and waves of recall elections for state senators . Immediately after Tuesday 's recall for governor comes a hot Republican primary in August for an open U.S. Senate seat , followed by the November election , which will include not only the presidential and U.S. Senate voting but elections for half the state Senate and all of the state Assembly . 4 . The dominance of big money . The political wars here have been a remarkable boon to television station revenues . Tens of millions of dollars have been spent on the recall election , much of it coming from out-of-state donors . It 's not just TV and radio . It 's daily mailings to hundreds of thousands of homes , extensive phone banking and robo-calling , and expensive get-out-the-vote efforts , which may prove be the decisive factor . The invasion of big money wo n't end after the recall , given the upcoming elections . 5 . The short supply of civility . With some exceptions -- the era of Sen. Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s comes to mind -- Wisconsin has been known for civil politics . But the polarization of the state has been evident in round after round of polling , just as it is clear to anyone who observes the tenor of campaigning . There is little reason to think the intense and adamant approach to politics will abate after Tuesday . The pendulum swings in Wisconsin politics , and it seems to being swinging faster and farther in recent years . Both the winners and losers Tuesday are almost sure to refuel for more fights ahead , not only at the polls . The next two-year state budget cycle begins in early 2013 . It will be intense , whoever wins . Hostility is going to hang around , and there 's a strong chance political disarray will continue to be its partner . The state song is "  On , Wisconsin . " Whatever happens Tuesday , the case is likely to get stronger for making it Tom Petty 's "  I Wo n't Back Down . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan J. Borsuk .	Alan Borsuk : Wisconsin residents to decide recall of conservative Gov. Scott Walker Borsuk : Walker , who weakened public worker unions , changed the politics of Wisconsin Borsuk : Whoever wins , money and bad tempers will dominate as election season intensifies Tumultuous presidential , state , Senate elections and budget fights all ahead , he says
CNN  -- Sarai Sierra followed her passion to Istanbul -- a budding photographer lured by the possibilities the picturesque , ancient city has to offer . But the day before she was supposed to fly back home , the 33-year-old mother of two went missing . Sierra had taken up photography last year , posting her work to the photo sharing app Instagram and quickly amassing 3,000 followers . Some people she met through the service encouraged her to visit Istanbul , her husband , Steven , said . They offered to act as tour guides , he said . "  You 're admiring pictures , but you 're getting acquainted with people that you 've never met before , " the husband said . He thought the trip was a great idea for his wife . Now , he ca n't help but wonder whether she should have trusted people she met online . Traveling alone Sierra had originally planned to travel with a friend , who canceled , her husband said . She flew alone to Istanbul on January 7 . "  She did a lot of researching about the area , about where she was going to stay , the safest places to go and the time of day to travel , " her friend Magalena Rodriguez said . After her arrival , she began posting pictures to Instagram and stayed in touch with family back home via Skype . Her photo feed displayed images of Istanbul 's beautiful skyline and historic landmarks . She also squeezed in an excursion to Amsterdam in the Netherlands and to Germany , starting January 15 , where she went to photograph graffiti . She returned to Istanbul on January 19 . Three days later all signs of life from Sierra ceased . No-show on flight home Sierra had rebooked her flight to arrive back early , on January 22 , in part to surprise her two sons , 9 and 11 . Just days before her scheduled trip home , Sierra spoke with her father David Jimenez via Skype to remind him of her flight number and arrival time . On January 21 , she messaged her sister to say she was glad to be heading back to New York . When Jimenez went to Newark airport to pick Sierra up , she did n't show , he said . The airline told him she had never checked in for the flight . "  She kept in contact with us all the time , " Sierra 's mother , Betzaida Jimenez , said . "  And then not to hear from her ? It 's not like her . " On Monday , Steven Sierra landed in Istanbul with his wife 's brother to help police search for her . The next day , police released a surveillance camera video of Sarai at a shopping mall , flipping through her iPad . The scenes from January 20 are the last known images of her . Last signs of life The manager of the small private hotel where Sierra was staying reported last seeing her the day the surveillance video was shot . That was a Sunday . Her Skype account , which she avidly used , went silent a day later . A day after that was when she missed her flight home . The time she last talked with her family , Sierra was planning to see the Galata Bridge and visit the Asian side of Istanbul , her husband said . The former capital of the Byzantine and East Roman empires straddles the continents of Europe and Asia . After her family raised the alarm that she was missing , some of her belongings -- including her passport and medical cards -- were found in her room in Istanbul , though her iPhone and iPad were not there , according to her husband . A heartbroken family Her parents ca n't watch the surveillance video . It 's too painful . "  I wish she was close , wish she was close by , so I could reach out and grab her and bring her back , " her father said . Steven Sierra has lost his appetite for living and sometimes wishes that one morning he just would n't wake up . But he has to keep going for the sake of his children . "  I would never wish this on anybody , " he said . "  There 's times when ... you feel like you 're gon na lose it mentally . " He says he wants to be there to protect her , wants to make sure she is not cold or hungry . But all he can do is wait . And hope . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Mary Snow contributed to this report	A feed of photos on Instagram marks Sierra 's trail then goes cold She flew to Istanbul alone after making friends there online The mother of two has n't been heard from since January 21 and did n't fly home the next day Her husband , Steven , says he has no explanation as to what happened to her
The world is smaller and people are more mobile than at any time in history . This makes it easier than ever for what 's happening anywhere on the globe to harm Americans ' health . Here are five ways diseases in other countries pose a threat : The flu could threaten millions . Even in a mild year for flu , in the United States alone , there are thousands of deaths , hundreds of thousands of hospitalizations , and billions of dollars in productivity losses . In a pandemic , millions of people worldwide could be killed . H7N9 influenza , also known as bird flu , is spreading in China , though fortunately it has not mutated to become an infectious disease outbreak that could threaten the health of people around the world . Antibiotic resistance is on the rise . Antibiotic resistance just might be the most urgent health threat facing us now . The nightmare strain of bacteria known as CRE , carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , arose abroad and was introduced to one state in the United States . Now it 's in at least 44 states . It can resist all or almost all antibiotics , kills many of the people who get it in their blood , and spreads its resistance capabilities to other bacteria . The World Health Organization estimates multidrug-resistant tuberculosis already has infected a half a. million people across the globe . A nightmare health scenario we can stop Diseases do n't respect borders . Going abroad can expose travelers to more than new cultures and once-in-a-lifetime experiences . More than 1,500 U.S. travelers get malaria every year , and the numbers are increasing . Yellow fever is spread by mosquitoes and causes more than 30,000 deaths worldwide each year , primarily in tropical areas of Africa and Latin America . People coming back from safari might bring back more than just pictures ; they could find themselves facing African trypanosomiasis , better known as sleeping sickness , transmitted by the tsetse fly found only in rural Africa . "  Foreign " diseases are now domestic threats . We think of parasitic diseases as risks to travelers , but they harm people here at home as well . For example , Chagas disease is a chronic infection generally acquired by people in rural areas of Latin America , but about 300,000 people now living in the United States have this disease . Toxoplasmosis is a parasitic disease common in the tropics that infects more than 60 million people in the United States . While the immune system usually keeps the parasite from making people sick , it can cause death attributed to foodborne illness . Emerging infections : What 's the next HIV ? Mosquito-borne diseases such as West Nile virus , dengue , and chikungunya infect hundreds of thousands of people each year and are spreading globally . In the past few years , we 've seen global outbreaks of Ebola and other deadly viral hemorrhagic fevers . 5 health challenges for 2014 There are many diseases out there that we do n't even know about . Our new effort can prevent them from becoming epidemics . That 's why CDC partners with nations all over the world to detect and respond to disease outbreaks . Together we responded to more than 250 outbreaks in 2013 . No single country can deal with these health threats alone . Cooperation between countries has tremendous impact in early detection . Early detection of a single case of Ebola virus in 2011 led to an immediate response and the disease was stopped in its tracks . Previous similar outbreaks were large and spread rapidly through communities there . CDC is helping countries around the world strengthen their ability to prevent avoidable catastrophes and epidemics , detect threats early , and respond rapidly and effectively . Stopping outbreaks where they occur is the most effective and least expensive way to save lives at home as well as abroad . And it 's the right thing to do . That 's why we announced Thursday that the United States , through the work of the CDC and the departments of Agriculture , State , and Defense , has committed to cooperate with at least 30 partner countries to better prevent , detect , and effectively respond to infectious disease threats , better protecting at least 4 billion people around the world -- including the United States -- from threats . How to prevent the next pandemic And we have called on partner countries to work together so that effective prevention , detection , and response are present in every country around the world . This year CDC and the Department of Defense have pledged $ 40 million to expand to 10 additional countries in addition to the pilot projects in Uganda and Vietnam . President Obama will request an additional $ 45 million in 2015 to accelerate progress around the world . It 's an essential step in strengthening global health security that will protect Americans , strengthen our nation 's global partnerships , and increase health security capacity around the world . Helping other countries makes those countries , and the United States , safer . The most infectious of all infectious diseases	Millions could die in a worldwide influenza pandemic Antibiotic resistance is growing globally and in the United States Travelers may bring back more than souvenirs from abroad The CDC is partnering with other nations to strengthen disease response
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge in New York sentenced three men to a minimum 25 years in prison on Wednesday for plotting to detonate bombs at two Bronx synagogues and attack a military base in New York . James Cromitie , Onta Williams and David Williams were arrested in 2009 after planting what they thought were live explosives . Laguerre Payen , a fourth member of the group who was arrested and tried together with the defendants , was not in the courtroom pending a psychological evaluation . In August , the jury spent six weeks listening to the testimony and undercover tapes from an FBI informant who posed as a Pakistani militant . After eight days of deliberations in October , the defendants were convicted on seven of eight counts , including conspiracy and attempts to use and acquire weapons of mass destruction and anti-aircraft missiles . Cromitie and Williams were also found guilty of attempting to kill officers and employees of the United States . In an emotional statement on Wednesday , Cromitie apologized to the people of United States , his family and friends . "  I have never been a terrorist and I never will be a terrorist and everyone here knows that , " he said . David Williams and Onta Williams also apologized to their families and thanked supporters , and Onta apologized to the people of Riverdale . The prosecutors were pushing for life in prison for the three men . "  What these three defendants did was as serious a set of offenses as is imaginable , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney David Raskin in court Wednesday . Members of the defense team argued during the trial that their clients were victims of entrapment . The original sentencing was postponed from March 24 so the judge could hear defense arguments on the government 's usage of a confidential informant in the case . "  The real crime in this case is that the government was allowed to do something like this , " Suzanne Brody , attorney for Onta Williams , said after the sentencing . Lawyers for the three men have said they will appeal . U.S. District Judge Colleen McMahon admonished the defendants for what they tried to do , calling it "  beyond despicable , " yet she handed down the minimum sentence , calling the defendants "  thugs for hire , " not religious or political martyrs . She praised the "  brilliant lawyering " in the case and the defense for dedication to their clients . "  James Cromitie , David Williams and Onta Williams voluntarily agreed to target synagogues and military planes using what they thought were real bombs and missiles , " said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . "  Today 's sentences ensure that the defendants will be punished for their actions . "	James Cromitie , Onta Williams and David Williams get minimum of 25 years They plotted to bomb two Bronx synagogues and attack a military base in New York Prosecutors had been pushing for life in prison for the three men A fourth defendant , Laguerre Payen , was not in courtroom pending evaluation
CNN  -- As investigators in Georgia looked into the death of a 22-month-old boy left seven hours in a sweltering SUV , they seized computers from the father 's office , a source with knowledge of the investigation told HLN 's Nancy Grace . The officers found something startling : an online search for information about how long it takes animals to die in hot cars , the source said . It 's unknown when the Internet search was conducted and whether the father did the searching . Police have declined comment when asked about the computer search . The father , Justin Ross Harris , has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and second-degree child cruelty . He sits in jail without bond , with an appearance before a judge set for next Thursday . Police in Cobb County , just outside Atlanta , have been tight-lipped and have n't said whether what they found on the computer is one of the reasons they arrested Harris . Father wo n't attend son 's funeral The funeral for Cooper Harris will be held Saturday in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Justin Harris , 33 , wo n't be allowed out of the Cobb County Jail to attend , sheriff 's office spokeswoman Nancy Bodiford said . The child 's mother wanted to obtain photos of her son from the seized computers for use at the funeral but Cobb County police turned down her request , said Maddox Kilgore , the attorney for Harris . Police spokesman Michael Bowman told CNN , "  If we have evidence , we will not be releasing that due to chain of custody issues . " Bowman would not confirm what , if any , evidence they had in their possession . A charity fund at Harris 's employer , The Home Depot , will pay for the funeral , company spokeswoman Catherine Woodling told CNN . Harris , who worked as a web designer , has been placed on unpaid administrative leave , she said . The funding of the funeral from the Home Depot charity , the Homer Fund , is a "  standard approach , " she said . In an obituary for Cooper appearing in the Tuscaloosa News , the family asks that in lieu of flowers donations should be made to the Homer Fund . ` What have I done ? ' Initially , police described the June 18 death of the toddler as the result of tragic absent-mindedness . They said the dad had apparently forgotten the boy was in the back seat of his Hyundai Tucson ; he did n't remember until he was done with his workday , drove a couple of miles and pulled into a shopping center parking lot . But suspicions grew as police investigated . "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence , and evidence will be presented to support this allegation , " said Cobb County Police Chief John House . A criminal warrant released Wednesday described the events that led to Cooper 's death . A timeline of events On the day Cooper died , Harris stopped for breakfast at a fast-food restaurant and afterward strapped his son into a rear-facing child restraint seat on his SUV 's back seat , police said . He drove to his workplace , a Home Depot corporate office , about a half-mile away . He works as a Web designer there . Usually , he would take his son to an on-site day care . But that day , police said , Harris left him in the car seat . During his lunch break , he returned to his car , opening the driver 's side door to put something inside , police said . After work , around 4:16 p.m. , the 33-year-old father got in his car and drove away . A few miles away , he stopped the car at a shopping center and called for help . When it became clear Cooper was dead , Harris was so inconsolable police had to restrain him . "  What have I done ? " he wailed as he tried to resuscitate the boy . A wave of sympathy Each year , dozens of children die from heat strokes in cars , according to KidsandCars.org . More than 40 died last year . The organization says its tally is likely incomplete and much lower than the real toll . The charging of Harris triggered a wave of sympathy and a vigorous debate over whether the heartbroken father should be punished . Two change.org petitions urging authorities to release Harris were started and then shut down this week . One petition posted this note : "  I think that based on the recent developments this petition is no longer relevant . I still pray that this was truly an accident . If that is the case , the DA now knows that the community does not want Justin prosecuted on murder charges . " Another , set up at YouCaring.com , has raised more than $ 22,000 for the Harris family . "  Please do n't listen to the media . It just upsets me to watch it , " wrote Heather McCullar , who set it up . "  Please do n't listen to the media . The family will speak when they can . " Contacted by CNN via e-mail , she wrote back , "  No one is allowed to comment right now . " "  The manner of death is homicide " As Harris sits in jail , his wife , Leanna , would not discuss the case with the media . The Cobb County medical examiner 's office found the child 's cause of death "  consistent with hyperthermia and the investigative information suggests the manner of death is homicide , " according to a Cobb County Department of Public Safety statement issued Wednesday . Temperatures hit 92 degrees Fahrenheit on the day of his death . The medical examiner 's office is waiting for toxicology test results before making an official ruling as to the cause and manner of the toddler 's death . Read the criminal warrant  PDF CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Devon M. Sayers , MaryLynn Ryan and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Funeral for Cooper Harris will be Saturday in Alabama ; father ca n't attend Source says police seized computers from father 's office after startling Web discovery It 's unclear who conducted online searches on animal deaths in hot cars , source says The boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban Atlanta last week
CNN  -- After just over a century of amicable relations , Brazil has decided to cool its relationship with Iran . Gone are the days when Brazil 's leader , President Luiz Inacio "  Lula " da Silva  2002-2010  , worked hard to strengthen Brazil 's partnership with Iran , defending Iranian interests , sharing and learning from similar policy experiences over cafezinho . At a time when Brazil has sought every opportunity to engage the international community and increase its influence as a mediator of conflict and peace , why has Brazil 's new president , Dilma Rousseff , refrained from strengthening the government 's ties with Iran ? The answer lies in Rousseff 's personal experiences and geopolitical ambitions . As someone who experienced human rights violations first hand under Brazil 's military dictatorships  1964-1985  , Rousseff has been unwaveringly committed to human rights . She has made it crystal clear that she will not support Iran unless President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad seriously addresses this issue . It 's striking how quickly two nations sharing similar economic and geopolitical interests have suddenly distanced themselves from each other and how Brazil 's decision may negatively affect Iran 's relationship with other countries . What this also suggests is that amicable relationships between similar nations are never guaranteed and that a sudden change in government interests and aspirations can reverse historic partnerships while having broader geopolitical ramifications . For Rousseff , personal experiences matter . As a high school student from the city of Belo Horizonte , she joined a Marxist revolutionary group called Palmares Revolutionary Armed Vanguard  Var-Palmares  , which sought to dethrone a military government that repeatedly violated civil and human rights . In 1970 , she was arrested , interrogated and placed in prison . While serving three years , Rousseff was periodically tortured : electrical shocks ran throughout her body ; she was incessantly beaten and called names ; she was hung upside down in between two steel platforms in what the military called the pau de arara , "  parrots perch . " By the time of her release at 25 , she lost more than 22 pounds and her thyroid glands were nearly destroyed . Needless to say , these horrific experiences had an enduring imprint on Rousseff 's foreign policy views . Indeed , when questioned about Iran during her campaign trail in 2009 , the first two words to often come out of her mouth were "  human " and "  rights . " The Iranian regime 's atrocious history of killing thousands of dissidents , when combined with Iranian court orders to have several people stoned to death for violating the law was viewed by Rousseff as "  medieval behavior . " Moreover , the regime 's decision to continuously throw political opponents in jail touched a sensitive nerve with Rousseff . She made it very clear that before any business took place with Iran , Ahmadinejad would need to stop these barbaric acts . Yet this may prove difficult as Ahmadinejad 's political influence is often perceived as limited because of the presence of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Being blamed and essentially ignored by Ahmadinejad also did n't help . Last year , Ahmadinejad 's media adviser , Ali Akbar Javanfekr , was quoted as stating that Rousseff had "  destroyed years of good relations " between them . Under Lula , Brazil strengthened its political and economic ties with Iran through trade  indirectly via Dubai , estimated at $ 1.25 billion in 2010  and investment in Iran 's oil sector . But when Ahmadinejad visited Latin America this January , he avoided meeting with Rousseff . Apparently he regrets having done so and plans to meet with her later this year . Rousseff 's geopolitical aspirations have also caused her to step away from Tehran . After Lula joined Turkey in 2010 to vote against U.N. sanctions on Iran for failing to disclose information about its nuclear reactor site and ignoring Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's request to do so , it appears that Rousseff views distancing herself from Iran as a way to strengthen Brazil 's relationship with the United States . Through these efforts , it seems that Rousseff is seeking to garner U.S. support for a permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council , as well as increasing Brazil 's influence in major international financial institutions , such as the International Monetary Fund . Without Rousseff 's support , Ahmadinejad faces problems in Latin America . Iran has tried to strengthen ties with Venezuela , Ecuador , Bolivia , Cuba , and until recently , Brazil . And it 's opened six embassies in the region since 2005 , sans Brazil . But Ahmadinejad can essentially forget about getting the support of Brazil 's close economic allies , such as Mexico , Argentina and Chile . Ahmadinejad has also failed to live up to his promise of helping spur economic development in the region . At a time when he is trying to increase his legitimacy , given his hostile relationship with Israel and efforts to develop his nuclear reactors , Ahmadinejad might not be able to afford losing his Latin friends , as they have defended him in the past and their support makes him look less isolated in the world . This freeze in relations with Brazil , and Iran 's gradual loss of allies in the region , also opens up further opportunity for the United Nations to impose and enforce additional sanctions on Iran . Should this occur , Ahmadinejad faces the specter of other allies questioning their relationship with Iran , which could have serious political and economic repercussions for Iran . Despite the rich history that these two nations share , it seems unlikely that Rousseff will want to strengthen her ties with Ahmadinejad . With aspirations to increase Brazil 's international influence and geopolitical importance , she will likely place more stock in strengthening her relationship with the United States and other cooperative nations within the United Nations . Unless Ahmadinejad changes his tune on human rights and decides to fully abide by U.N. rules , Iran 's losses may go beyond Brazil . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Gómez .	For a century , Brazil has had amicable relations with Iran , says Eduardo Gómez He says President Dilma Rousseff has taken steps to distance Brazil from Iran Rousseff , a torture victim , has raised concerns about human rights in Iran , he says Gómez : Brazil 's actions could strengthen ties with U.S. , further isolate Iran
AOL Autos  -- Law enforcement officials in six states can now give you a ticket for talking on your cell phone while driving , so that hands-free device you should be using for your cell phone is going to become your best friend . Only 23 percent of respondents refrain from talking or texting when driving , a survey showed . The reason you may need to start wearing that dorky Bluetooth-integrated ear piece is actually quite startling and sobering . Distracted drivers cause 80 percent of all road accidents , according to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration . In fact , a recent study by the Public Policy Institute of California shows hands-free laws have the potential of saving 300 lives in California each year and perhaps thousands if similar laws were enacted in all states . "  I would n't be surprised if more states enact laws much like California 's new law , " said Elliot Darvick , Celebrity Car Parade editor for MyRide.com , whose recent survey results show 70 percent of people agree that driving and cell phones do n't mix . However , only 23 percent of respondents say they refrain from talking or texting when driving . To date , six states have enacted statewide hands-free laws and 20 states have active hands-free law legislation on the books . "  I certainly do n't want to see people on the road texting or talking , " Darvick said . "  I 'd rather they have their hands on the wheel . " AOL Autos : Safest cars Hands-free laws by state On July 1 , hands-free laws became effective in both California and Washington , making a total of six states  and the district of Washington DC  with enforceable hands-free laws . In addition , many states have enacted similar laws in some districts and some states have active hands-free legislation . Here 's how it breaks down by state : States with enacted laws are California , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Utah , Washington D.C. and Washington . States with enacted laws by jurisdiction  most of these states also have active state-wide legislation  are Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Mexico , Ohio and Pennsylvania . States with active legislation are Arizona , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , New Hampshire , Oklahoma , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Vermont and Wisconsin . Coming to a state near you ? Though the guidelines below relate specifically to the new California laws , this could be a preview of things to come for other states . The California Highway Patrol  CHP  has issued a "  Wireless Telephone Laws FAQs , " outlining what drivers need to know about complying with hands-free driving laws in California . AOL Autos : Best car deals of the month Here 's what you need to know : 1  The law prohibits drivers from talking on handheld wireless  cell  phones while operating an automobile . However , you can make an emergency call to a law enforcement agency , a medical provider , the fire department or other emergency services agency . 2  Oddly enough , you may dial your cell phone while driving , but you can not hold your cell phone and talk . 3  You can get a fine for texting if the officer believes you have become distracted and are not driving safely . 4  If you are using a Bluetooth or other earpiece when driving , you can not cover both ears . AOL Autos : Top 5 most popular cars 5  Drivers under 18 years old may not use any wireless device of any kind while driving , even hands-free devices such as earpieces . However , teen drivers can use a wireless device in case of emergency . 6  If convicted of talking while driving , the first offense fine is $ 20 and $ 50 for subsequent convictions . 7  You will NOT receive a point on your driver 's license if convicted , but the violation will appear on your driving record . 8  Passengers can not get ticketed for talking on their phone . 9  Push-to-talk features can only be used by commercial motor truck or tractor operators . How to comply So , how do you comply ? There are several options , from buying a new car with factory-installed Bluetooth technology to installing aftermarket wireless products to wearing a wireless headset to abstaining altogether from using a cell phone while driving . AOL Autos : 10 cars to keep you young Here 's a breakdown of what you can do to become a hands-free driver : Spend nothing -- Either abstain from talking while driving altogether or use your cell phone 's speakerphone . However , most of these tiny speakers do n't deliver enough volume to mask car and road noises , leaving drivers holding their phone up to their ear . According to hands-free laws , this is illegal . Also , some drivers are turning to the wired headset that most manufacturers include with your cell phone . AOL Autos : Used luxury cars Best buys in ear wear -- Although some people find ear pieces uncomfortable or way too geeky , a Bluetooth-enabled ear piece is one of the best ways to drive and talk . Plantronics makes some of the most affordable ear pieces with good sound quality like the sleek new Discovery 925  $ 149.95  , the modestly-priced Voyager 520  $ 99.95  and the military grade Explorer 370  $ 79.95  . For those into designer wear , the Jawbone  $ 129.99  looks like a work of art and works as good as it looks . Do n't want an earpiece ? -- Wireless speakerphones and aftermarket-installed voice recognition systems have come of age . Paris-based Parrot started making these systems years ago when most of Europe enacted hands-free laws . Parrot 's MINIKIT  $ 89  clips to your visor and is basically a mobile speakerphone while Parrot 's pluggable PMK5800 kit  $ 119.99  sticks out from your car 's cigarette lighter and has some voice recognition capabilities . Parrot also has a host of other Bluetooth-integrated products that are installed by professionals and do what factory-installed systems can do like automatically turn down your car 's audio volume when you get a call . Bluetooth basics -- As with any new technology , there 's a ramp-up time to feeling comfortable with using wireless technology and its by-products . Do n't get too frustrated when you ca n't figure out how to sync your cell phone and that new ear piece . When you need help , calling tech support is sometimes better than reading the manual . Also , many older cells phones are n't integrated with Bluetooth , nor do they have the software inside to upload important data like your address book . So , you may want to think about upgrading your cell phone before you buy your new mobile wireless device . iPhone users beware : Bluetooth does n't seem to be super compatible , although you can perform basic functions with ease . Ford 's answer : Sync It used to be that only luxury cars like Mercedes-Benz or Jaguar had built-in voice recognition systems . Now with Ford 's SYNC system , most consumers can afford the $ 395 price tag for this hi-tech option . Powered by Microsoft , SYNC is a voice-activated communication and entertainment system . Rated in 2007 as Popular Mechanic 's No. 4 "  Most Brilliant Gadgets , " Ford 's SYNC also offers one of the best hands-free calling options to date . The system is rather easy to use and lets drivers bring their digital media players , MP3 players and Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones into the vehicle and operate these devices via voice commands or through buttons on the steering wheel and radio controls . So , does SYNC really work ? We recently tested the first generation SYNC on a 2008 Ford Focus as well as SYNC 's second generation on Ford 's super cool new Flex CUV . We discovered SYNC does have its drawbacks as only certain MP3 players and mobile phones are completely compatible with SYNC 's software . On the 2008 Ford Focus , for example , we could make calls from a Palm Treo or an Apple iPhone , but the system did not automatically upload contacts or music files . And , it did take some time getting used to the voice command system . In the Ford Flex , which looks like a limo-sized MINI Cooper and drives like a dream , we found the next generation SYNC to be much more user-friendly with its pleasing digital display and easy-to-use voice commands . If you have a compatible mobile phone , SYNC can even translate and send your text messages via the system 's electronic voice ! Ford has been the first car manufacturer to implement SYNC , although its exclusive contract with Microsoft ends this year . This means perhaps more auto manufacturers will adopt SYNC-like software systems after the 2009 model year . GM 's solution is to offer hands-free calling via its OnStar subscription system . The company says about one million 2009 model year GM vehicles will be equipped with voice-activated Bluetooth integration , which uses the vehicle 's speaker system . Now that you know the laws and have options to comply , are you still confused ? Well , just like we 've been warned for decades about drinking and driving , it now seems that it is time to change your habits and stop talking while behind the wheel .	Police in six states can now give you a ticket for talking on your cell phone NHTSA : Distracted drivers cause 80 percent of all road accidents You can get a fine for texting if officer believes you have become distracted Ford has SYNC -- a voice-activated communication and entertainment system
CNN  -- Who gets to decide when to end life support when a person is brain dead ? The mother of 13-year-old Jahi McMath , who was declared brain dead Thursday , three days after undergoing surgery to remove her tonsils , said Tuesday that the family should make the call . "  I do n't want her off life support because I really feel like she can wake up , " Nailah Winkfield told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  I feel like it 's just been a rough week for her and , if they just give her some more time , then she 'll be able to wake up . " Jahi 's family has presented Children 's Hospital & Research Center in Oakland , California , with a cease-and-desist letter aimed at preventing the hospital from taking her off a ventilator , attorney Christopher B. Dolan said Tuesday . "  If the hospital wants to terminate Jahi 's life , they should go to court and get a judge to authorize that , not pressure a parent into signing a document in the middle of the night or telling them at 8:30 tomorrow morning your child will be  dead  , " he told CNN . Doctors had recommended the tonsillectomy to treat Jahi 's sleep apnea , weight gain , inability to concentrate , short attention span and uncontrolled urination , her uncle Omari Sealey told CNN on Monday in a telephone interview . "  They said that she would have more energy , focus more , lose weight , and the urinating would stop , " he said . The surgery , which occurred December 9 , initially appeared to have gone well , said Sandy Chatman , Jahi 's grandmother who is herself a nurse and saw the girl in the recovery room . "  She was alert and talking , and she was asking for a Popsicle because she said her throat hurt , " Chatman said . But Jahi was then moved to the intensive-care unit , and her relatives were denied access to the eighth-grader for 30 minutes ; when they finally were allowed to see her , they knew something was wrong . "  Upon entry , they saw that there was way too much blood , " Chatman said . "  We kept asking , ` Is this normal ? ' " Sealey said . "  Some nurses said , ' I do n't know , ' and some said , ` Yes . ' There was a lot of uncertainty and a lack of urgency . " Sealey said that when Chatman noticed that her granddaughter 's oxygen levels were dangerously low , she called for help . But Jahi went into cardiac arrest . The medical staff performed chest compressions to revive her and gave her clotting medications , but nothing worked . On Tuesday , a CT scan revealed that two-thirds of Jahi 's brain was swollen . Sealey said that Jahi 's brain had been deprived of oxygen . "  Now she is 100 % brain damaged , " he said . "  Medically dead . " CNN could not independently confirm Sealey 's account . When asked about the case , hospital spokeswoman Melinda Krigel cited privacy laws . A statement from the hospital 's chief of pediatrics , Dr. David Durand , read : "  Our hearts go out to this patient and her family . Unfortunately , we have not been authorized by the family to share information with the public about this matter . Consequently , we are not able to correct misperceptions created about this sad situation . "  Nonetheless , we want to assure the community that we are doing everything in our capacity to provide support to the grieving family . We have been caring for children in this community for over 100 years and have a longstanding commitment to delivering the highest quality care for all . " Dr. Lisa Thebner , a pediatrician in private practice in New York who was not involved in the case , said excessive bleeding -- though rare -- is not unheard of in such operations , given that the tonsils are removed from the back of the throat , an area rich in blood vessels . Still , she said , "  This was a highly unusual complication . " When told that his niece was brain dead , Sealey said the entire family went into "  complete devastation . " "  We pray over her daily , " Sealey said . "  We kiss her . I charge her iPod and make sure it is in her ears every night when I sleep next to her . " But he said he had accepted that she was legally dead . An official from the Oakland coroner 's office told CNN that Jahi 's death was reported Thursday to the office . "  Once a death is reported to us , we have a duty and responsibility to immediately proceed to where the body lies , examine the body , make identification , make inquiry into the circumstances , manner , and means of death , and , as circumstances warrant , either order its removal for further investigation or disposition , or release the body to the next of kin , " the official said , quoting California law . Sealey said that though the family hoped to keep Jahi on life support , hospital representatives had told them Monday that would not be an option . That has left the coroner 's office in a delicate position . "  Technically , we can go where the body lies and we can begin our investigation as to the causes of death , " the official from the coroner 's office said . "  We have been gracious and we have allowed the parents and the hospital to maintain the child on life support . " Krigel , the hospital spokeswoman , said that the hospital has no policy about terminating life support . "  We work with the family to determine when that will happen , " she said in an e-mail . "  There are instances when the coroner may request termination , but we always work with the family to respect their wishes . " The official at the coroner 's office said time is critical . "  When the body is on a ventilator , the body is healing , " the official said . "  If a medical misadventure occurred , and the body is healing and covering up traces of that misadventure , the coroner pathologist has a more difficult time rendering a cause of death . " The bigger issue is deciding whether it is more important to delay removing the ventilator to give relatives time to grieve or to act quickly to determine the causes of death before continued healing could make it impossible to ascertain those causes , the official said . "  We know the parents want answers , and it is our office that will provide answers if they are available to us , " the official said . "  The longer we wait , the less susceptible we are to getting the evidence we need to render a cause of death . Time is not on our side , from a medical investigation standpoint . " "  This is obviously a horrible and tragic case , " said Dr. J. Randall Curtis , a professor of medicine and the director of the Palliative Care Center of Excellence at the University of Washington in Seattle . But , he added , "  If the patient is brain dead , they are legally dead and , legally , the doctors and the hospital have the right to stop life support -- without the consent of the family . " Still , giving them a little time to come to grips with the reality can be helpful , said Curtis , who published a study in 2008 that found that when the withdrawal of life support was delayed , a family 's satisfaction with care tended to be higher . "  The most important thing in this situation is to provide support for the family , " he said in a telephone interview . "  To help the family come to understand what 's happened , to be able to grieve this loss and to be able to get to a place where they are ready . " But , he acknowledged , in cases where something went horribly awry , "  being able to trust the doctors is going to be challenging . " Arthur L. Caplan , the head of the Division of Medical Ethics at New York University Langone Medical Center , said Tuesday there was no doubt about who makes the call . "  The legal right to stop is on the doctors ' side , " he told CNN . "  We do n't treat the dead . Sadly , she has died . " CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I feel like it 's just been a rough week for her , " Jani McMath 's mother tells CNN Jahi , 13 , underwent a tonsillectomy to correct sleep apnea After complications , "  she is 100 % brain damaged . Medically dead , " her uncle says
CNN  Tommy Thompson was an ocean explorer , an entrepreneur , an author and a diver for sunken gold . So when he dropped off the map in 2006 , many wondered what had happened . The feds say they know . Thompson , they say , was also a multimillion dollar scammer who went on the lam rather than pay back his investors after he found millions in treasure at the bottom of the Atlantic . To cover their tracks , Thompson and Alison Antekeier , his girlfriend , used false names , the U.S. Marshal Service said . And they allegedly paid for everything in cash . They likely had plenty of it . Speculations of what the gold loot was worth , and money they allegedly hijacked from investors , have run into the hundreds of millions . The Marshal Service finally caught up with the pair Wednesday . They found Thompson in a room at a Florida Hilton hotel , where he and his girlfriend had hidden in plain sight for a year . He will appear in a Florida federal court Thursday . Thompson , an oceanographic engineer from Columbus , Ohio , was fascinated by the SS Central America , a side-wheeler steamship that sank off the coast of North Carolina in 1857 . More than 400 people drowned in the throes of the hurricane that wrecked it . Officially a mail ship , it had left San Francisco flush with coins , bars , nuggets and dust just a few years after the California Gold Rush . Tons of it , Thompson wrote in a book about his quest . He was determined to scour the depths of the ocean for its loot with a cutting edge robotic submarine . In the 1980s , he began infecting investors with his dream , and they fronted him funds to help him realize it , according to a report by Forbes Magazine . The report put his unconfirmed fundraising target at $ 55 million . He spent it on a team of scientists , engineers and crew , who sailed aboard a ship equipped with sonar and the robotic submarine , which they called Nemo . And Thompson hired historians , who documented the ship 's history and artifacts . Years later , Nemo arrived at the ocean floor at the wreck of the Central America . Some of the gold , which lay sunken for over a dozen decades , made its way to the surface . In 1998 , Thompson published photos of it and other artifacts in America 's Lost Treasure , full of scholarly and technological details . He commissioned a documentary , Forbes wrote , and sought the attention of the media . Then , a few years later , in 2006 , he disappeared . His stakeholders feared he had run away with their investments and with perhaps even more millions made from the sale of gold coins . They sued , but he and Antekeier skipped out on multiple hearings , the U.S. Marshal Service said . Counsel representing them stood in court without them . In 2012 , federal authorities issued arrest warrants for the couple . Thompson and Antekeier ducked out of sight , and were last spotted in Vero Beach in 2013 . "  It appears they have known they were wanted and were doing anything they could do to cover their tracks , " U.S. Marshal Barry Golden told CNN affiliate WPTV . As officers tracked Antekeier on Tuesday , she allegedly went from a taxi to a bus then walked about a mile on foot . The couple read up on how to evade authorities , and it worked , the feds said . Marshals investigated around the globe for them . Then on Wednesday , they found them in the West Palm Beach hotel room . Thompson and Antekeier told officers they knew they had been searching for them . The couple went with marshals peaceably . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Tommy Thompson hired scientists and engineers to dive for gold in sunken historic ship He garnered millions in investments and loot then disappeared
CNN  -- University of Missouri head football coach Gary Pinkel has been suspended for a week and docked another week 's pay after his arrest on a drunken-driving charge , the university 's athletics director announced Thursday . Pinkel , 59 , was released on $ 500 bail after his arrest in Columbia , about 120 miles west of St. Louis , according to Boone County sheriff 's department records . His unpaid suspension took effect Thursday afternoon , Athletics Director Mike Alden told reporters . And when Pinkel comes back , he will have to donate his next weekly salary to the school 's Wellness Resource Center , which presents alcohol-awareness programs to students . He will also have to issue a public letter of apology ; perform 50 hours of community service ; forfeit any bonus if the Tigers make it into a bowl game ; and see his salary frozen for a year . "  He 's a tremendous guy , and he 's got great character and he was unbelievably remorseful , as I would expect him to be , " Alden said . But Pinkel 's actions were "  certainly not consistent " with values of the institution . "  This absolutely goes against everything that we stand for and everything he teaches his players in regards to our social responsibilities , " he said . In a statement issued Thursday morning , Pinkel said he was stopped by a deputy after having dinner with friends and was "  very disappointed in myself for my lack of judgment . " "  Nobody should drink and drive , including me , " he said . "  My staff and I constantly reinforce with each of our players the importance of not putting yourself into a position such as this . I did not follow that here , and for that , I sincerely apologize to the University of Missouri , to our administration , to the Board of Curators and to our fans . " Pinkel is in his 11th season at the helm of Mizzou , which has a 5-5 record overall and is 3-4 in the Big 12 conference . Assistant coach Dave Steckel will lead the team into Saturday 's game against Texas Tech . Pinkel said he has apologized to players and staff for his conduct . "  I accept full responsibility for my actions and will abide by whatever course of action our leadership deems appropriate , " he said .	NEW : Mizzou head coach Gary Pinkel suspended after a DUI arrest NEW : His conduct "  goes against everything that we stand for , " athletics director says Pinkel is free on $ 500 bail and says he 's responsible for his actions
I always look forward to a good Super Bowl party , especially one with a delicious spread of food . But when I decided to go vegan , I worried I would n't be able to enjoy the array of tasty snacks I 'd traditionally binged on while watching the big game . Luckily , I was wrong . In fact , I -- and several of my meat-loving friends -- actually prefer some of these treats to their dairy - and/or meat-infused counterparts . So whether you 're vegan , have vegan friends or just want to try something new , check out these ideas for tasty vegan snacks guaranteed to satisfy any football fan . upwave : A carnivore 's guide to becoming vegan Buffalo Cauliflower-Wing Pizza With Tofu Blue-Cheese Spread by Keepin ' It Kind This dish combines two great party foods  both personal favorites  : pizza and buffalo wings . A cauliflower buffalo wing may sound odd , but if you give it a chance , you 'll likely enjoy it . Roasting the cauliflower gives it a crunchy yet chewy -- but not rubbery -- texture , so you avoid the sogginess associated with most boiled/steamed cauliflower . Combine that with the crispy cornmeal crust and faux  but still tasty  blue-cheese spread , and partygoers will be dancing in the endzone with every bite . Mexicali Sliders by Chef Chloe Sure , sliders may seem like a snack more apt for the World Series than the Super Bowl , but these delicious little "  burgers " are going to be the talk of your football party . The caramelized onions folded into the savory black bean patties infuse a flavor not achievable by just piling them on top , and the carrots , onion , chili powder and cilantro add a unique , zesty kick not found in other burgers , regardless what they 're made of . Add to this the fresh , homemade guacamole and you have a truly southwestern sensation guaranteed to warm you up , no matter how your team is doing . And do n't forget the mango sauce ! Its sweet flavor complements the taste of the rest of the burger quite well . upwave : Why avocados are good for you Baked sriracha potato chips by Oh My Veggies No Super Bowl Sunday couch is complete without a big bowl of chips . While there are plenty of vegan options available , there 's nothing like the satisfaction that comes from knowing you made these from scratch and did n't just dump them out of a greasy bag . Plus , you have complete control of their flavor level and crunchiness . I love the kick sriracha gives this recipe , so I add a little more than others with tamer taste buds might like , giving me an excuse to make two batches : really spicy for me and not-too-spicy for my wife and our guests . This recipe is ultra simple : You just need a Russet potato , sriracha , peanut oil and salt . Apple nachos by Allyson Kramer If there 's one item I expect to see at any Super Bowl party , it 's a plate of nachos . But apple nachos instead of traditional corn chips ?! Sure ! You 'll appreciate the crisp crunch of the apples in this dessert-like dish , and the always-winning combo of peanut butter and chocolate mixes well with the flavor of the apples , nuts and coconut . Plus , this recipe will give your Super Bowl spread the sweet-tooth fix guests will likely be craving after those savory snacks . And do n't forget : This recipe is better for you than a plate of traditional nachos , and it  arguably  tastes better , too ! upwave : Does an apple a day really keep the doctor away ? A football may be nostalgically referred to as the ol' pigskin , but that does n't mean all of the food needs to be wrapped in bacon at this year 's Super Bowl shindig . When the big game rolls around and people start huddling around the snack table , they 'll be blown away by these vegan goodies , regardless of what they regularly eat . Have fun and chow down ! upwave : For more tips and ideas , see our Super Bowl guide This article was originally published on upwave.com 4 vegan-friendly Super Bowl snacks	You may prefer these vegan treats to their meat-infused counterparts Combine pizza and buffalo wings with Buffalo Cauliflower-Wing Pizza You 'll appreciate the crisp crunch in the dessert-like Apple Nachos dish
InStyle.com  -- Ready to ditch your sun-bleached summer tresses for something crisp and clean ? Try these celebrity inspired cuts and colors that are perfect for fall ! Dianna Agron 's Shaggy Bob WHAT IT IS "  I call this haircut a ` shab , ' " says hairstylist Giannandrea , who created this look for the star . "  It 's a cross between a bob and a shag . " The hair is cut above the shoulders , and then razored from back to front at a slight angle . "  This is the kind of style that comes to life with the styling . " WHO SHOULD TRY IT "  Minus the bangs , this would be a great short cut for someone with curly hair , " said hairstylist Mark Townsend . "  The layered side pieces will keep the hair from forming that dreaded A-shape . " Otherwise , this versatile cut would work for most face shapes and textures . InStyle.com : 12 easy ways to look thinner by tonight Evan Rachel Wood 's Punk Rock Crop WHAT IT IS A short on the sides , long on the top cut . "  Because the hair covers the ears , the cut looks feminine , " says Townsend . "  Boys haircuts are trimmed around the ears . " WHO SHOULD TRY IT Townsend loves this look for anyone with straight or wavy hair . "  It 's such a versatile look -- you can easily build volume and create some really interesting styles , " he says . Ashlee Simpson 's Perfect Pixie WHAT IT IS A cool update on the retro pixie : Short in the back with a swoop of asymmetrical , face-framing bangs . "  The long bits on the side are so flirty , " says Townsend . WHO SHOULD TRY IT At last -- a haircut that 's actual best on fine hair ! "  The little details in this cut will really be accentuated if you have fine , baby soft hair , " says Townsend . And of course , keep in mind that trims like this are ideal on women with delicate features . Jennifer Love Hewitt 's Long Bangs and Bob WHAT IT IS Thick , arched bangs and a straight bob cut three inches below the collarbone . "  This cut is all about those blunt ends , " says Townsend . "  There are some soft layers on the underside of the hair , but the appearance is very sharp and very modern . " WHO SHOULD TRY IT "  This a a great look for someone with thick hair , " Townsend says . The concealed layering will thin the hair and help it fall nicely with minimal styling . Read : Less time fighting with the blow-dryer and flatiron . Tyra Banks 's Wavy Bob and Straight Bangs WHAT IT IS A long bob that starts at the shoulders and gradually tapers to the collarbone . "  Because her bangs have those choppy ends , the straight line is n't too severe , " says Townsend . WHO SHOULD TRY IT The long bangs would be great for downplaying a large forehead ; the loose layers work for nearly any texture of hair . Those with wavy strands will love the scrunch-and-go ease of the look -- but do take the time to smooth the fringe . Heidi Klum 's All-Over Layers WHAT IT IS The polar opposite of a mom cut . "  Heidi 's hair is mid-length , which can get a little dowdy , but because of the dimensional layers sliced throughout , it has a great shape and is n't one bit matronly , " Townsend says . WHO SHOULD TRY IT "  I ca n't think of one woman who would n't look good in this cut , " says Townsend . That being said , the look does require a bit of maintenance : Keeping the layers around the face trimmed to cheekbone level  not longer  is essential to preserving the youthful vibe . InStyle.com : 10 ways to wake up beautiful Cat Deeley 's Classic Long Layers WHAT IT IS Chunky , face-framing layers with tapered ends . "  These layers are not about blending . This is not the '90s Jennifer Aniston look , " says Townsend . "  You really want to have your stylist cut two distinct sets of layers at the chin and at the collarbone . " WHO SHOULD TRY IT "  I love this for anyone with tons of fine hair -- the kind of woman with a ponytail that 's two-inches thick , " Townsend says . The layers will provide instant movement , but still let you show off all that lush hair . Katie Holmes 's Barely There Layers WHAT IT IS Extra-long , chest-length hair with subtle thinning at the ends to prevent the styling from looking Marcia Brady . WHO SHOULD TRY IT Are you that girl with long , silky hair that that dries straight with very little effort ? Meet your new hairstyle . "  I would even recommend this look for someone with curly hair that relies on weekly blowouts . If you can commit to the styling , it 's ultimately a very low effort cut , " says Townsend . Check out the full story at InStyle.com Who says you have to stop at the cut -- take your new look even further with one of these fabulous fall colors . Emma Stone 's Dimensional Red KEY COLOR NOTES If it 's not natural , flame red hair can look costumey against nearly any complexion . But a coppery auburn with a wash of strawberry highlights like Stone 's is flattering on skintones ranging from ultra-fair to tan and tawny .  Skip the shade if you 're olive or darker .  And do take a tip from the star by asking that your brows be touched-up , too . The simple tweak enhances the overall sexiness of the shade . Charlize Theron 's Buttery Blond KEY COLOR NOTES "  This is just such a bright sexy blond , " says colorist Denis De Souza , who works with celebrities like Mila Kunis , Olivia Wilde and Rachel Bilson . "  To make it work for fall , just be sure to amp up your makeup a bit . That way you wo n't look washed out . " De Souza also points out that because the tone is slightly ashy , it 's best reserved for women with fair skin . "  Otherwise you get too contrast-y , " he adds . Emma Roberts 's Honey Blond KEY COLOR NOTES What makes this blond so unique is the layers of dimensional color : A base of toffee blond is accented with ribbons of caramel and straw . We love this treatment for women who were towheads as children and are reticent to admit they 're now light brunets . It also looks great on fair complected beauties with a pinkish hint in their skin ; those with yellow notes can look too tone-on-tone . InStyle.com : 50 best celebrity wedding dresses of all time Sarah Jessica Parker 's Grown-Out Blond KEY COLOR NOTES Ever since ombre came into fashion in the last year or so , colorists have perfected the art of the imperceptible fade . SJP 's style exhibits no such precision -- and that 's exactly why we love it . If you 're a true brunet who went blond for summer , resist the urge to re-highlight . Trust us : The results can be spectacular . Maria Menounos 's Tawny Highlights KEY COLOR NOTES If you 've got a light chestnut base like Menounos , a scattering of sunny highlights can enliven your look . Keep things sophisticated , not streaky , by making sure the highlights are ultra-fine and placed evenly throughout the entire head , even on the underside of your hair . You 'll spend a long afternoon in the salon chair -- and the entire season thankful you did . InStyle.com : 45 chic bags for fall Olivia Wilde 's Refined Ombre KEY COLOR NOTES "  Olivia had n't colored her hair in seven or eight years when she came to me , " De Souza confesses . "  I gave her a base that accented her natural medium brown with lighter honey highlights throughout . Then I lightened the tips with a shade for tones lighter than her darkest hair . It 's ombre , but without being severe . And it grows out gorgeously without becoming brassy . " Ciara 's Streaky Highlights KEY COLOR NOTES Usually words like streaky , chunky and patchy are n't necessarily phrases we 'd like associated with our highlights . But one look at Ciara 's pitch-perfect strands changed our minds for good . Thick ribbons of a coppery blond right along the part are the perfect update to a glossy espresso single-process treatment . Ask your colorist for a few hidden streaks on the underside of your hair for a playful , peek-a-boo surprise . Mila Kunis 's Perked-Up Brunet KEY COLOR NOTES Does Kunis 's color look too shiny and natural to be manufactured ? That 's exactly the idea . "  Mila has dark brown hair , so I highlighted it two levels lighter than her base , " says De Souza . "  For anyone with olive skin and brunet hair , this technique looks amazing . It 's simple and believable , but not at all boring . " Freida Pinto 's Inky Black KEY COLOR NOTES Freida Pinto 's hair is so unique because it 's nearly a true black , without a glint of auburn or purple in the light . Of course while the best way to get this look is to be born with it , there are a few key tricks for faking it . Ask your colorist for the deepest shade of brunet , not black , which is too severe and heavy metal for the look you 're after .  Think coffee grounds , not tar .  And splurge on a luxurious glossing treatment as often as you can . Dyed black hair can look rough and flat without the extra love . InStyle.com : 10 hairstyles that are always in style Check out the full story at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Short celebrity-inspired hair cuts are popular for fall Try layers like Heidi Klum 's and Cat Deeley 's to add body and avoid looking matronly Olivia Wilde takes a more subtle , refined approach to the ombre trend
If you want to scare them away from drugs , this is the cartel you tell your children about . Los Zetas revolutionized Mexican drug trafficking with their brutality , and that unprecedented level of savagery could mean the end of the cartel 's nightmarish reign . "  This is probably the beginning of the end of the Zetas as a coherent , cohesive organization , " said Alejandro Hope , a former executive for Mexico 's civilian intelligence agency who now serves as security policy director for the Mexico Competitiveness Institute , a Mexico City think tank . Take the group 's leader , Miguel Angel Treviño Morales , aka "  El 40 " or "  Z-40 , " who was taken into custody this week during a Marine operation south of his hometown of Nuevo Laredo . Treviño had a reputation for punishing his foes with "  guisos , " Spanish for "  cookouts " and the term used for burning someone alive . With the Zetas , it is n't about murder or torture . It 's about making a statement . That statement resounds so effectively that non-Zetas , members of other cartels , dress like the group and claim to be them simply to instill fear . "  Los Zetas is a powerful brand , " Hope said . "  It is identified with extreme violence . It is identified with a complete absence of scruples . " Though Los Zetas have long been known for their violence , especially after their suspected 2010 massacre of 72 migrants who refused to mule their drugs , two incidents got the attention of U.S. and Mexican authorities , Hope said . For cartels , business as usual in small-town USA In February 2011 , two U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were ambushed in the state of San Luis Potosi . Agent Jaime Zapata was fatally shot . About six months later , several men -- thought to be Los Zetas ' extortion enforcers -- torched the Casino Royale in Monterrey , killing 52 people . "  There are many types of drug trafficking , " Hope said . "  This one is particularly toxic . " George Grayson , a professor of government at the College of William & Mary and co-author of "  The Executioner 's Men , " which focuses on Los Zetas , said in an e-mail that while U.S. and Mexican authorities have zeroed in on Los Zetas , other factors have helped fracture the group . Among them is Los Zetas ' massive expenditures on weaponry to defend their turf . "  Over the years , Los Zetas have evolved from a vertical organization with effective command-and-control mechanisms to McDonald 's - like franchises , " Grayson said , explaining that as Los Zetas ' leadership has been eviscerated , the group has relied on groups of "  green-as-grass newcomers " who lack the operational savvy of the original Los Zetas . As have the authorities , the Sinaloa , Gulf and Knights Templar cartels have all turned their attention to taking down the group , and Los Zetas have chosen weak allies in the Beltran-Leyva Organization and Juarez Cartel , Grayson said . The group also lost a key military strategist in Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , who was killed by Mexican Marines last year , he said . Former operatives have turned informant , Grayson said , and Lazcano 's ally , Ivan "  El Taliban " Velazquez Caballero  now imprisoned in Mexico  , has accused Trevino of "  betraying his comrades in order to get better treatment for his family members captured in the United States . " Hope said many of the top - and second-tier leaders have been killed or arrested , also assisting in Los Zetas ' fragmentation . Los Zetas got their start as enforcers for one of Mexico 's oldest drug trafficking groups , the Gulf Cartel , which traces its roots to the 1930s , said University of Texas-El Paso anthropology professor Howard Campbell , who has written extensively on drug trafficking . The cartel was in disarray until the 1990s , when Osiel Cardenas Guillen , now imprisoned in the United States , "  made the Gulf Cartel really super-powerful again , bringing huge loads of cocaine and other drugs into the U.S. , " Campbell said . By the late 1990s , Cardenas found himself at the cartel 's helm . "  One of the most innovative tactics he used was co-opting a lot of highly trained military people . He was the first to openly recruit a SWAT-like enforcement wing , " Campbell said . "  Cartels  were violent before , but then all of a sudden you have this trained paramilitary wing . " Massacres ensued . Killings were posted on the Internet . Leaving bodies and body parts in public places was a hallmark of Los Zetas ' work , as was torture , especially dismemberment . Or as Campbell put it , "  chopping up bodies as you would meat in a butcher shop . " Theories abound about what led to the rift between the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas , but several years ago -- Campbell estimates it was about 2008 -- Los Zetas broke off , "  unleashing a tremendous wave of violence all over Northeast Mexico . " Where other cartels , including the rival Sinaloa Cartel , took part in a "  patronage network , " paying police and government officials for their assistance in illicit enterprise , Los Zetas preferred brutal takedowns of entire towns and regions , Campbell said . "  Los Zetas  therefore became public enemy No. 1 in Mexico , " he said . They did n't stick solely to drug trafficking , either . Their criminal resume includes extorting business for "  protection fees , " charging other cartels for passing through their extensive territory , gun and human smuggling , kidnapping and money laundering . "  Violence was a key tool for these guys to obtain all kinds of streams of income , " Hope said . Their turf includes the lucrative drug plaza of Nuevo Laredo and southern Tamaulipas , Piedras Negras , Tuxpan , Coatzacoalcos , La Huasteca San Luis Potosi , Zacatecas and parts of Sinaloa , Tabasco and Nuevo Leon states , Grayson said . With Treviño 's capture , several scenarios could enfold . His brother could take over , but Campbell , Hope and the geopolitical intelligence firm , Stratfor , all question whether he has the respect or capabilities to head a national criminal outfit . "  I would n't bet on that , " Hope said . More violent prospects include the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels attacking Los Zetas in Northern Mexico in a bid to control Nuevo Laredo , "  the crown jewel for cross-border flows for goods , services , guns , money , drugs and illegal aliens , " Grayson said . Also , the professor postulated the Gulf Cartel could move to take over the Matamoros and Reynosa border crossings . Another possibility is that the small gangs helping to fill out Los Zetas ' ranks could begin operating independently or be absorbed by other cartels , several experts said . This would be similar to what happened after Colombia broke up the Medellin and Cali cartels . " ` Cartelitos ' emerged that were violent and successful in shipping cocaine , but did not pose a threat to the nation-state , " Grayson said . Whatever happens , do n't expect much impact on the U.S. side of the border , said author Charles Bowden , whose books on the Mexican drug war include "  Murder City : Ciudad Juarez and the Global Economy 's New Killing Fields . " "  His arrest means nothing , " Bowden said . "  None of the arrests under  former President Felipe  Calderon affected the shipment of drugs to the U.S. or the price of drugs in the U.S. " Added Hope , "  To affect the volume of drugs going into the U.S. , there needs to be a reduction in the demand for drugs in the U.S. "	Arrest could mean death knell for Los Zetas , ex-intelligence executive says Los Zetas-Gulf Cartel split unleashed "  violence all over Northeast Mexico " Death of U.S. agent , casino fire brought added U.S. , Mexican focus on group Los Zetas include gun and human smuggling , kidnapping on criminal resume
CNN  -- In 1922 a team of British explorers set off on a historic first attempt to climb the world 's highest mountain . They never reached the top of Mount Everest , but their incredible feat of scaling within 2,000 feet of the summit was considered so groundbreaking they were each awarded an Olympic gold medal . Bowed but unbroken , climber Lt. Col. Edward Strutt made a pledge that at the very next opportunity one of the gold medals would be taken to the top of the world -- the summit his team never saw . Almost 90 years later , that dream is finally being realized as British climber Kenton Cool attempts to carry one of the medals to the peak of Mount Everest . CNN caught up with Kenton at base camp , where he is tweeting about his climb in real time . Follow Kenton 's Samsung Olympic Games Pledge online With less than 100 days until the London Olympics , it 's a touching tribute to the British men who captured the nation 's imagination . "  I have a picture at home of those 1922 expedition members and they were so famous back then , " Kenton said . "  It was a bit like looking at a picture of the Manchester United football team . They were world-famous people yet they 've been lost to history a little bit . I wanted to bring them back to the forefront of peoples ' minds . " The team were forced to turn back after an avalanche killed seven Sherpas who were helping carry equipment . But International Olympic Committee founder Pierre de Coubertin -- often referred to as the "  grandfather of the modern Olympics " -- still awarded 21 gold medals to the expedition . On being handed the 1924 Paris Olympic medals , second-in-command Strutt made his heartfelt pledge . But the vision was buried in the passage of time , and , as Cool points out : "  Then the war came along . " Cool , who has already scaled Everest nine times , hopes to reach the summit in mid-May . "  It 's such a romantic , true story , " he said . He admitted that even with his experience , Everest was still a "  beast " to climb -- and a life-threatening one at that . "  Coming down is at least as dangerous if not more dangerous as going up . So the emotions will be welling up inside me and I know there will be a few tears , " he said . "  Everest is a very different beast now to what it was in 1922 . And of course we have all the knowledge of how to climb it . But it still does n't take away from the fact that Everest is a very dangerous mountain . "  She 's a very fickle person and if she wants to she 'll change her outlook on things and she 'll kill people just like that . " However , unlike the original explorers , Kenton will have the benefit of modern technology . Their feat is perhaps even more extraordinary considering the clunky oxygen tanks , woolen jackets and fur hats they had for survival . Crucially , in one of the most brutal environments on earth , none of these garments were waterproof . "  Today we get Internet access , we can look at weather forecasts , weather patterns . We 've got state-of-the-art technology when it comes to clothing , titanium oxygen tanks , to super lightweight boots , " Cool said . "  As soon as you get above 7,000 or 8,000 feet you enter the death zone . It 's a ticking time bomb . You 've got a limited amount of time which the human body can survive up there , so yes things are stacked more in our favor now than in 1922 but it 's still a mountain which deserves an awful lot of respect . " Glyn Hughes , honorary archivist at Britain 's Alpine Club , has kept extensive records of the 1922 expedition . "  They were as prepared as their knowledge at the time allowed them to be , but that knowledge was extremely limited in a lot of areas , " he told CNN . "  They were very well provisioned . They had wonderfully rich foods , nothing like you have now when you go climbing -- very heavy , very rich and totally inappropriate . " Despite the original adventure receiving worldwide acclaim , Glyn said it was a gallant failure , with the death of the Sherpas casting a shadow over the expedition . "  There 's actually a lot of guilt because porters were killed but none of the climbing members were , " he said . "  A number of them said they felt dreadful about this . They would have felt better if at least one of them had died with the porters . " Kelly Morsehead , the great-granddaughter of one of the original climbers , will be following Kenton 's challenge closely . Henry Morsehead had tried to scale the mountain without oxygen , but eventually had to stop his climb due to frostbite . He never received his gold medal after it was lost in the post . "  To even attempt such a feat is complete madness . As the famous words go , they wanted to climb Everest because it was there . That is what they said was their mission , which is absolutely baffling and awe inspiring , " Kelly said . "  It 's a chance for everything to come back together again . And to fulfill what 's almost rightly theirs -- to get that final step with the medal being at the top of the summit . "	British climber Kenton Cool attempts to carry Olympic gold medal to Mt. Everest summit Climb in honor of explorers who made world 's first attempt to scale mountain in 1922 The explorers turn back just 2,000 feet from summit after avalanche kills seven Sherpas However , they were still awarded Olympic gold medals for their efforts
Bangkok  CNN  -- The morning after Thailand 's military came clean and admitted their operation to restore order was in fact a coup , the capital appeared normal with shops open and commuters heading for work -- though schools were shuttered . Surprisingly , there was not much of a military presence on the streets , with the exception of the heavily-armed troops stationed outside key buildings in the city , including the Defense Ministry and the Army Club . We spotted only four soldiers in their camouflaged fatigues during our journey around Bangkok -- though more were undoubtedly deployed overnight following the imposition of a curfew between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. Every now and then vehicles with darkened windows arrived at the Army Club , where the coup was declared , to deliver those people summoned by the military administration . Anyone who did n't accept this invitation faced an arrest warrant . Military officials have n't provided much explanation about the reasons for the summonses , saying only that it 's necessary "  to ensure smooth operation of restoration of peace and order . " There were rumors that TV stations were slowly returning to air after being switched off by the military , though foreign news stations such as CNN and the BBC remain blacked out . Meanwhile , protest sites belonging to both "  red shirt " supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , and the "  yellow shirt " protesters associated with Bangkok 's urban elite and middle class have emptied -- the detritus from their long struggle all that 's left . These cities within a city have stood for months . The yellow shirts ' former camp by the Democracy Monument is now a mountain of rubbish and abandoned tents awaiting removal by the army of municipal workers with their trucks and cranes . Many of the refuse workers seemed cheerful as they started the massive cleanup operation , seemingly oblivious to the seismic political shift going on around them . It certainly does n't feel like a coup as you would imagine it . But after months of protests -- and periodic outbreaks of violence -- many ordinary Thais seem content to let this play out for the time being , with many of the opinion that anything that avoids further chaos and might help to resolve the political conflict is a good thing .	Not much of a military presence on the streets of Thailand 's capital Soldiers only in evidence around key military buildings such as Defense Ministry Protest camps -- yellow shirt and red shirt -- have now emptied
President Barack Obama and congressional leaders described similar proposals Tuesday for ending the National Security Agency 's sweeping collection of bulk telephone records . Obama told reporters in The Netherlands that his intelligence team gave him a "  workable " option for NSA reform that he said would "  eliminate " concerns about how the government keeps the records known as metadata . At a news conference in Washington , the leaders of the House Intelligence Committee said they worked out their own bipartisan compromise on a similar proposal intended to alleviate what they characterized as unfounded fears of excessive government surveillance . The nearly simultaneous remarks demonstrated progress toward Obama 's call in January for NSA changes in the aftermath of last year 's classified leaks by former agency contractor Edward Snowden that revealed the magnitude of surveillance programs created in response to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Congressional battle coming However , the issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation -- especially in an election year . A senior administration official told CNN that the White House plan , first reported by The New York Times , would ensure "  the government no longer collects or holds " the telephone metadata -- records that include the numbers and time of calls , but no content such as the actual conversation . According to the official , the proposal "  still ensures that the government has access to the information it needs " for national security purposes . The official declined to specify where the bulk phone metadata would ultimately be stored . Now it is collected by the NSA under broad legal authority to keep it for five years . It was not immediately clear how the White House proposal differed from the compromise announced by Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . Their plan would end the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata , with telecommunications companies keeping such records for at least 18 months -- as they do now . Court approval Two layers of court approval would be needed to access the records -- one for the overall surveillance program seeking the information , and another for the specific foreign phone number being investigated , the legislators said . The Snowden leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post 9/11 era . Obama and the two House legislators all said Tuesday the current system was legal , but needed changing to reassure a skeptical public Obama : "  People were concerned " In The Hague , Obama argued that "  clear safeguards " exist against "  some of the dangers that people hypothesize when it came to bulk data . " "  But I recognize that people were concerned about what might happen in the future with that bulk data , " he said . "  This proposal that 's been presented to me would eliminate that concern . " Rogers argued no abuses occurred under the present system , but he acknowledged public concern about the possibility of problems down the road if the government kept such vast stores of information . "  That 's really what we 're trying to do here is alleviate that concern that there could be abuse in the future of these programs , " he said . Authorization for the current NSA programs expires on Friday , and Obama will seek a temporary renewal until Congress passes reform legislation , the senior administration official said . News of the proposed changes came during Obama 's trip to Europe , where he 's mobilizing support for isolating Russia over its military occupation and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine . Snowden 's leaks put the NSA 's surveillance activities under global scrutiny . The revelations included U.S. spying on European allies and others , sparking diplomatic protests . Nine months of negotiations In January , Obama outlined a series of steps -- some immediate and some requiring time to work out , possibly with Congress -- that would change aspects of the NSA collection of phone records and other information but generally leave intact the core and function of existing programs . Rogers and Ruppersberger said Tuesday that nine months of negotiations involving the intelligence community and other stakeholders led to their proposed legislation . The White House was involved in the discussions , Ruppersberger said , while Rogers noted the Obama proposal came out after the committee shared its plan with the White House earlier this week . He noted that more work remains to be done to narrow differences with the White House and the Senate . "  We 're feeling pretty good about people starting to coalesce around a solution , " Rogers said , adding that "  there will be people who are married to their own positions . " Initial reaction to the White House plan included praise with some caution . Step forward Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , a leading critic of the NSA surveillance programs , said news of the White House plan amounted to an executive branch retreat . "  For years , the executive branch said it was essential to have this information , that it was indispensable , " Wyden said , noting he and colleagues argued against that notion . "  Today 's exciting news for the constitutional rights of the American people is the administration said they agree with us . " Michelle Richardson , legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union , called the reported White House plan "  a crucial first step towards reining in the NSA 's overreaching surveillance . " "  The change would replace the dragnet surveillance of millions of innocent people with targeted methods that are both effective and respect Americans ' constitutional rights , " Richardson said , adding : "  It is critical that the administration also end other bulk collection programs . "	Democratic Sen. Wyden hails proposed NSA changes by the White House President Obama says he is considering a "  workable " option for NSA reform House intelligence panel heads say they have a compromise plan A political fight in Congress appears likely
LOS ANGELES , California  AP  -- The shoe phone on TV 's "  Get Smart " was n't just a sneaky spy gadget , it was a technological marvel : a wireless , portable telephone that could be used anywhere -- though it did require a dime to make a call . Today , almost everyone has a pocket-sized version that also takes photos , shoots video , sends e-mail and surfs the Internet . About the only thing it does n't do is protect your feet . "  Get Smart " comes to the big screen next week , along with a spate of new spy gadgets to help Maxwell Smart , Agent 99 and the other spies at CONTROL . The gadgets are just as goofy as they were in the original TV series , but because technology has caught up with the writers ' imaginations , there 's a big difference : many of the movie 's doo-dads actually exist . "  Our favorite thing is to take something that does sort of exist and just exaggerate it a little bit , " said Matt Ember , who co-wrote the script . The film shows a tiny iPod alongside spy-worthy stuff such as a two-way tooth radio and a digital "  spy fly " -- all of which are available now . "  It 's pushed to a level of success that perhaps it has n't achieved in the real world , but it 's real , it 's out there , so that 's fun " added co-writer Tom J. Astle , a self-described science nut . Director Peter Segal said he originally could n't believe such devices were real . "  I said , ` That 's too silly . I do n't think people will buy it , " ' he recalled telling the writers . "  Then they Googled it and it came up as an actual thing . " Astle and Ember saw the tooth radio in a magazine and thought it was a perfect fit for the film . "  That 's an example of taking inspiration from the old series in spirit , " Astle said . "  The inherent comedy of having a microphone in your mouth -- it 's really close to your voice and it 's easy to yell and be too loud . " The inextricable link between gadgets and spy movies began with James Bond in 1962 , said TV historian Tim Brooks , author of "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . " The often-preposterous devices Bond used added levity to a genre that "  had always been deadly serious " during the early years of the Cold War , Brooks said . Back in the day , "  Get Smart " ratcheted up the goofiness level with bulletproof pajamas , a Bunsen-burner phone and other wacky gadgets that often did n't work . When the show debuted in 1965 , the nation was future-focused and obsessed with the promise of technology . The show played on that obsession , Brooks said , introducing dozens of covert gadgets and props designed to make life easier for Cold War-era secret agents . A cigarette lighter doubled as a .22 - caliber gun . A lipstick could record conversations or release poisonous gas . Then there was the famous shoe phone and the always-dysfunctional "  cone of silence " that could  theoretically  keep conversations private , even in a crowded room . "  It 's nothing that you would expect to find or would even make sense in real life , and that 's the gag , " Brooks said . "  It was part of what the show was about . You 'd watch wondering what 's next , where 's the phone going to be next time . ... It was like a satire of our fixation with gadgets . " The movie also takes liberties with some familiar devices , such as portable lasers , retinal scanners and a tricked-out Swiss Army Knife equipped with a flame-thrower and a mini crossbow . Despite living in a high-tech world , movie fans still love spy gadgets , the filmmakers said : Just look at the success of the Bond franchise , which will soon introduce its 22nd installment , and spy spoofs such as "  Austin Powers . " Part of it is the undercover element , part of it is a cultural love for technology , and part of it is wishful thinking . "  Human beings are tool-users , " Astle said . "  We would like to believe that our government -- the good guys -- have within their power tools and electronic gadgets that will protect us that are beyond what we could do . " "  There is some reality to it , " Ember said . "  We do have facial-recognition software , but on the other hand , I 'm not allowed to bring shampoo on an airplane . "	New film "  Get Smart " comes to the big screen next week Co-writer says the film exaggerates many gadgets that can be bought online The original TV show debuted in 1965 , when the nation was "  future-focused " TV historian says the show was a satire of America 's fixation with gadgets
Beijing , China  CNN  -- As the Middle East erupts into turmoil , and protesters take to the streets , China 's fear of "  luan "  chaos  has resurfaced , analysts say . There have been whispers of a "  jasmine revolution " on the internet and although calls for street protests have fallen flat so far , no matter : China appears jittery . The turmoil in the Middle East has n't gotten much coverage in state-run media . There have been more police on the streets , dissidents reportedly under house arrest and social networking sites selectively blocked . Why ? What does China fear ? China has had a history of walling itself from the outside world , fearful of foreign invasion and domination , from the times of the Mongols to the Opium Wars against the British through the brutal Japanese imperialism of the 20th century . Despite the Chinese fascination with things foreign , historically there has been a fear among authorities of the influence of Western culture . Within its Great Wall , China has exerted strong control over its people . From the era of feudal warlords to modern China , rulers have been obsessed with avoiding bottom-up peasant revolts . "  The perpetual question in the minds of all Chinese was how chaos could best be avoided , " writes Erik Ringmar in "  The Mechanics of Modernity in Europe and East Asia . " "  Political thought as it developed from the earliest times onward , including Daoism , Legalism and Confucianism , was more than anything attempts to answer this question . " These dual fears -- domination from without and revolution within -- have been inherited by successive national leaders , especially after Chairman Mao . For two decades until his death in 1997 , Deng Xiaoping was driven to modernize China quickly while maintaining stability , ordering the brutal Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989 while single-mindedly pushing the reforms that opened and transformed his country . President Hu Jintao , seeking to build a "  harmonious society , " last month called on Chinese officials to learn "  social management " to maintain stability . In his book "  The Beijing Consensus , " Joshua Cooper Ramo wrote that "  the fear of chaos , of losing political and social control ... runs like an iron spine through the entire Chinese body politic . " China 's economic transformation has been extraordinary . Market reforms have unleashed individual initiative and entrepreneurship . Hundreds of millions of farmers have been lifted out of poverty . Gleaming new cities have been built . China 's economy is now the second biggest in the world after the United States . Yet despite these achievements , the Communist Party remains sensitive to criticism . Analysts say the lack of a popular mandate through direct elections makes the party unsure of its own legitimacy and fearful of overthrow and disintegration . "  They have no ideological justification for being in power , " said David Zweig , social science professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  Their political institutions -- the parliaments , courts , police -- are not independent ... They are often forced to rely on coercion to maintain power . " China 's problem , Zweig said , is that the country is undergoing the most rapid social change in history but with a weak legal system . "  So problems like pollution , land transfers , urbanization all lead to grievances that have no medium through which people can have their grievances resolved , other than local protests and state repression , " he explained . But the government is apparently trying to address those issues . To meet the challenge of governance , China has been advocating "  rule by law " instead of "  rule by man . " To better manage rural affairs and address the farmers ' day-to-day concerns , China has been experimenting with direct village elections . When successful , the system allows many grievances to get addressed on the grassroots level . Still , citizens complain about a slew of socio-economic concerns , among them inflation , jobs , housing , education and affordable health care . The gap between rich and poor remains the country 's biggest fault line . Many have compared the protests in Cairo 's Tahrir Square to those in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in 1989 . China today shares many of Egypt 's problems -- income inequality and corruption among them -- but analysts say the Chinese leadership is in little danger of becoming the next failed regime . The Chinese people themselves do n't appear to have an appetite for revolution . "  I think most Chinese do feel that things are going pretty well in China , economically at least to date , " said Orville Schell , director of Asia Society 's Center on U.S.-China Relations . "  Obviously there are some dissatisfied elements , but I do n't think that there 's the same level of cause for a populist uprising . " The Chinese economic reform has trickled down to benefit the majority of the population , analysts said , while the Communist Party 's grip on military , state media and the internet is a lot tighter and more sophisticated . In the Middle East , the poor and the disenfranchised have risen up in revolt . In China , many of those same people have risen from poverty . Analysts say continuing to spread the wealth remains one of China 's biggest challenges .	Turmoil in the Middle East has n't gotten much coverage in state-run media China has had a history of walling itself from the outside world Within its Great Wall , China has exerted strong control over its people Last month President Hu Jintao called on Chinese officials to learn "  social management "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- In the face of deadly violence gripping the east of his country , Ukraine 's Prime Minister had a defiant message for his fellow countrymen and women Saturday on the eve of national elections : We are going to the polls . Voters will be choosing a president to lead their country , Arseniy Yatsenyuk said , "  for whose freedom , prosperity , European future , the Ukrainians are paying the highest price -- the price of their own lives . " This means , he said , in a statement posted on the interim government 's website that "  the choice we make on Sunday and the responsibility of each of us is even higher . " The presidential election is being held amid ongoing separatist violence in eastern Ukraine , centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Voters will choose a successor for ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in a country riven by Russia 's takeover of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula and aggression blamed on pro-Russian factions . Increasingly bloody clashes this week have raised the question of whether pro-Russian forces are trying to disrupt the election -- a move that the United States and its European allies say could trigger tougher sanctions on Moscow . The pro-Russia militants who control a swath of Donetsk and Luhansk have held a referendum on independence and refuse to accept the legitimacy of the government or the presidential election . But Yatsenyuk insisted that Ukrainians would have their say Sunday at the polls . "  Tomorrow we will prove to the whole world , and first of all to ourselves , that it is not possible to intimidate us , that we are going to decide ourselves how to rebuild our home and how to work in it , " he said . "  But we have fought for these elections . We are defending our land , restoring our military , rebuilding the destroyed industry , destroying the schemes that had been washing billions out of the country ; we are learning to control the power and laying the ground for further development , " he said . Ukraine 's ` Chocolate King ' aims for top job Election interference investigated The Prosecutor General 's office said Saturday it was investigating 83 cases of alleged interference in the election process in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Police chief Volodymyr Grynyuk of the Interior Ministry said district and local election commissions in 12 regions nationwide were under protection as of Saturday , according to the Cabinet press office . Of the 34 district election commissions set up in Donetsk and Luhansk , half are out of action because buildings have been seized by separatists and equipment destroyed , it said . But ballot papers have still been delivered to those regions . The self-declared mayor of rebel stronghold Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , has said that anyone who tries to vote in the presidential election will be arrested . And according to protesters speaking Saturday outside the headquarters of the self-declared "  Donetsk People 's Republic , " as well as the body 's Twitter account , Donetsk and Luhansk have united to form a new separatist republic called "  Novorossiya . " The government in Kiev , which launched an "  anti-terrorist operation " against the separatists , has so far been unable to dislodge them from the towns and cities they hold . But Yatsenyuk suggested their days in charge were numbered . "  I would like to assure our compatriots in Donetsk and Luhansk regions , who will be prevented from coming to the polling stations by the war waged against Ukraine : The criminals do n't have much time left to terrorize your land , " he said . Overall , 600 crimes have been registered in relation to separatist activity , threats to the country 's integrity , terrorism and financing terrorist activities , the Prosecutor General 's office said . More than 100 people have been detained . Russian recognition Russia 's President Vladimir Putin on Friday told an economic forum in St. Petersburg that he would respect the will of Ukraine 's voters in Sunday 's election . But he reiterated Russia 's assertion that according to Ukraine 's Constitution , the ousted Yanukovych remains the nation 's legitimate president and questioned whether the election should be held now , given the violence in eastern Ukraine . The front-runner in the presidential contest is billionaire businessman and politician Petro Poroshenko . Speaking Saturday , Putin again addressed the issue of Russia 's natural gas supply to Europe , much of which flows through Ukraine . Moscow has said Kiev owes Russian energy giant Gazprom $ 3.5 billion for natural gas and warned that any disruption to supplies will be Ukraine 's fault . "  We are seriously concerned by the statements of some of the Ukrainian radicals and their direct threats to interfere with the transit of the Russian gas to Europe and we hope that common sense will prevail and that wo n't happen , " Putin said . Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Meshkov said Friday that Russia would decide whether or not to recognize the Ukraine vote only after it takes place , according to state media . U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently said that disruption of the Ukraine vote by Russia would bring further sanctions targeting specific sectors of the Russian economy . So far , U.S. and European sanctions have targeted individuals and some banks and other entities Kiev and Western powers have accused Russia of coordinating and supporting the unrest . Russia denies direct involvement with or influence on the separatist groups . Valentyn Nalyvaychenko , the head of Ukraine 's security service , said Friday that no military operations were planned for the election , but alternative secure voting places would be arranged for some people in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions because of the separatist threat . On Friday , Ponomaryov , in Slovyansk , showed a CNN crew missile launchers known as man-portable air defense systems that he said were obtained on the black market in the 1990s and now could be used on Ukrainian military aircraft in the event of civil war . Luhansk , Donetsk clashes As tensions simmer ahead of the vote , at least 32 people were killed and 44 injured in clashes Thursday between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists in the Luhansk region , according to the country 's anti-terror office spokesman , Vladislav Seleznev . Thirty pro-Russian separatists and two Ukrainian soldiers were among the dead , while the injured included 37 separatists and seven Ukrainian soldiers , Seleznev said Friday . Ukraine 's defense ministry said 20 separatists died , with more than 30 wounded . The reports could not be independently confirmed , and some previous casualty claims by Ukrainian sources have proven unreliable . On Friday , pro-Ukrainian militias heading to shut down a pro-Russian checkpoint in Donetsk region came under attack , according to a regional Ukrainian authority and the chief of staff of one of the groups , called Right Sector . The Donetsk regional authority said one person died and nine were wounded , while the Right Sector official said four pro-Ukrainian fighters were trapped and may have been killed or captured . There were no further details on the affiliations of the casualties , and the reports also could not be independently confirmed . Ukraine 's Security Service said Saturday that border guards this week had detained an alleged Russian national who told them he was a sniper under orders to join militia groups and target Ukrainian soldiers . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Slovyansk and journalist Victoria Butenko from Kiev , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Prosecutor General 's office probes suspected election interference in eastern Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says Ukrainians will show they can not be intimidated "  We are defending our land , " says Yatsenyuk of Sunday 's presidential vote The election is taking place despite the separatist unrest gripping eastern Ukraine
CNN  -- More than 50 years ago , military brass sat down the couple who 'd become Susan Green 's parents . They told them how horrible it would be if a black man and a white woman wed at a time when interracial marriage was illegal in parts of the United States . They did it anyway . Six years later , in 1967 , they celebrated when the Supreme Court ruled in Loving v. Virginia that no state could stop different races from marrying . For years , Susan Green knew their anguish , their struggle , their determination . Today , she knows their joy . Green thought of her parents three years ago as she tearfully filled out a license to wed her partner Robin Phillips in Provincetown , Massachusetts . The seaside enclave was more than 2,500 miles away from their home state of Arizona , where same-sex marriage has been banned . She cried more tears of joy Wednesday , when the Supreme Court struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act in ruling the federal government can not treat legally married gay and lesbian couples differently from heterosexual ones . ` What about us ? ' ask couples who still ca n't marry "  This must have been what Mom and Dad felt like when the Loving case was decided , " Green said . "  It was the beginning , and it was the acknowledgment they had the right to marry , they had the right to be together . " Green and Phillips have n't kept secret the fact they 're lesbians , or that they 're together . They joke about being the only married couple on the faculty at Arizona State University 's Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication and are grateful for their colleagues support . It has n't been easy , though . In November 2008 , Arizona voters passed an amendment to the state constitution defining marriage as "  only a union of one man and one woman . " That meant -- as it does for others in 37 states where same-sex marriage is not or will soon not be legal -- Green and Phillips were , in legal terms , little more than roommates . Even after their Massachusetts nuptials , Green fought through health ailments and worried that if something happened to her , Phillips would n't get her Social Security benefits . "  As we start to get older and think about retirement and things like that , all of these issues come into play , " Green said . What 's next for gay rights ? Wednesday ended up being a "  little crazy " in the best possible way with laughter , tears and relief . They breathed easier not having to worry about things that they might have the day before . They rejoiced the federal government finally will recognize their union as valid . They celebrated that gay rights had come so far , and that they 'd been around to see it happen and to talk to the world about it . "  This is a great thing , " Phillips said . "  And it helps us share our stories . " They 've been doing that at Arizona State for years , where Green said students she 's never met regularly show up at her door , asking for help figuring out how to come out to their families and friends . Others come to them fearful of getting outed at work , and theoretically fired , given that most states still do n't have laws that prohibit terminating someone because they are gay or transgendered . "  I 'm out , and I 'm there for them , " Green said . " ... I serve in a lot of different ways . " Rulings hailed as historic Having the chance to help people is one reason the pair wants to stay in Arizona . It may be easier to go elsewhere , to a state like New York or Washington , where there would be no questions about whether they 'd get the same rights as heterosexual couples . Wednesday 's Supreme Court ruling , notably , did n't mandate everyone recognize same-sex marriages : That 's still up to the individual states . It does n't change anything in Arizona , for instance . But Arizonans need to know that there are happy , productive same-sex couples in their midst , not for them all to go elsewhere , Green said . It 's harder for them to be foreign or an unknown if they work down the hall , live down the block or shop at the same store . Besides , Green said , her parents did n't teach her to give up when they steadfastly insisted on getting married , whatever anyone else thought . "  Some states may be easier to live in , " she said . "  But I ca n't let my mom and dad down . " CNN 's Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	Susan Green 's father was black , her mother was white when they married in 1961 She says they wed despite pressure not to do so as an interracial couple Green is now married to her partner , but their same-sex marriage is n't valid in Arizona Her parents ' story encourages her to keep fighting for equal rights
CNN  -- One U.S. Army soldier was killed Thursday and two others wounded when one soldier shot another , then turned the gun on himself at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , authorities said . All three soldiers were from the 525th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade , the installation said in a statement . The shooting occurred during a unit safety brief , said Fort Bragg spokesman Col. Kevin Arata . The suspected gunman was injured and was taken into custody , Arata said . A third soldier nearby suffered slight injuries from the shooting , which occurred in a unit area , he said . "  We do n't yet know the reasons for the shooting , but are working with the unit and the affected families to help them through this difficult period , " he said . Notification of next of kin was under way , he said . Special agents from the Army Criminal Investigation Command were on the scene and investigating . Fort Bragg soldier reported missing See more on this story from WTVD and WGHP .	All three soldiers were from the Army 's 525th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade The suspected gunman is one of the injured and taken into custody Authorities do n't know what prompted the shooting
CNN  -- A porn actress who was with actor Charlie Sheen in a New York hotel when , according to police , he became emotionally disturbed this week wants his probation on a Colorado assault conviction revoked because of the incident , her spokesman said Thursday . Christina Walsh , who has made adult films under the name Capri Anderson , will fly to Aspen , Colorado , on Monday to speak with Pitkin County officials about the incident , which left her "  pretty shaken up , " spokesman Kevin Blatt said . Sheen , 45 , spent several hours in a New York hospital Tuesday after police responded to an early morning call about "  an emotionally disturbed person " at the Plaza Hotel , a law enforcement source said . Sheen 's representative blamed an "  adverse allergic reaction " to a medication for the hospitalization . Police did not file any criminal charges against Sheen and none are expected , a New York Police Department spokesman said . While Blatt offered no details about what happened in Sheen 's hotel room that left Walsh "  pretty scared , " he called it "  a hard situation . " Walsh , 22 , is a "  young girl " who has "  never been in a situation like this before , " he said . Sheen 's three months of unsupervised probation from Pitkin County ends on November 2 , according to an Aspen court official . Walsh has not contacted anyone in the prosecutor 's office about the incident or her plans to meet with them , according to Chief Deputy District Attorney Arnie Mordkin . Without a criminal investigation -- which has n't happened in New York -- a probation violation case could not be made , Mordkin said . Sheen 's conviction there stemmed from his arrest last Christmas Day after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen police he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . A Colorado judge allowed the actor to count his time at a Malibu , California , rehab center toward a 30-day jail sentence after he entered a guilty plea in August to a misdemeanor third-degree assault charge . Sheen initially faced felony domestic violence charges ; they were reduced by a plea deal . The son of actor Martin Sheen , Charlie Sheen signed a contract last summer to continue with his hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : A Colorado prosecutor downplays the possibility that Sheen 's probation is at risk Christina Walsh was "  pretty shaken up " after the hotel incident , spokesman says She plans a trip to Colorado to talk to Sheen 's probation officer Walsh stars in adult films as Capri Anderson
CNN  I do n't always talk about news events with my daughters , but there was something about the story of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry and the wildly offensive way she spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up . One of the main things I preach to my girls , ages 7 and 9 , is the importance of respecting other people , no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish . It 's something that my husband and I just do -- we show respect to everyone from a taxi driver to a teacher to the President of the United States . Let me say right here that I have lost my cool from time to time , whether it 's been a phone call with a credit card company to complain about late fees or an experience of bad service at a restaurant . In those cases , when I feel like I 'm going to pop , I keep saying , "  This is unacceptable , This is unacceptable , " and either hang up in disgust or storm off .  Not perfect ways of handling these incidents , but at no time would I ever think to insult or demean the other person in these situations . Some of McHenry 's comments , such as how she 's "  on television , " imply that she may have the dangerous thinking that she , by dint of her career , education and income , is better than people who do n't get paid what she does or have the same kind of career or educational opportunities . McHenry showed that she either forgot those "  golden rule " lessons from childhood or that she has n't really lived her life with that mantra . McHenry has since apologized on Twitter , saying she said "  some insulting and regrettable things , " and that as frustrated as she was during an experience at a towing company in Virginia , she should "  always choose to be respectful and take the high road . " But it 's not clear that apology will satisfy anyone who watched the video of her exchange with the towing company worker . "  I see this Britt McHenry video , and think : it 's not just about how a celebrity should n't act in public , it 's how all of us should n't act , " wrote "  Cait " on Twitter . Said "  Shannon , " also on Twittter , "  I had no idea who Britt McHenry was before but ... now I know she 's the kind of woman I hope I 've taught my daughters not to be . " "  Her language and disdain brings shame on her , her profession , and her employer . People do n't all of sudden have such a vile tirade . This comes after years of practice and a pattern of similar behaviors . Let 's let her be an example to others , " wrote C Cooper on a Change.org petition asking McHenry 's employers to fire her . The McHenry story seemed to strike a chord in our household because my older daughter asked what was going to happen to her . This morning , I told her McHenry was suspended for a week by ESPN , and that led to another conversation . My kids seemed to get it and many celebrities also seem to remember to "  treat other people the way you would want them to treat you " even in uncomfortable moments . Celebrity apologies : The good , bad and uncomfortable So , Britt McHenry , check out these examples of how the rich , famous and powerful handled stressful situations with grace and dignity . After British journalist Katie Hopkins seriously fat-shamed pop music star Kelly Clarkson , saying a host of insulting things about the singer 's weight , Clarkson won praise for her graceful response . "  That 's because she does n't know me . I 'm awesome . It does n't bother me . It 's a free world . Say what you will . I 've just never cared what people think , " she said . A college baseball player gets suspended for calling Little League baseball phenom Mo ` ne Davis a "  slut . " Her response ? She emailed Bloomsburg University asking that the college reinstate him . "  Everyone makes mistakes and everyone deserves a second chance , " Davis , the first girl to earn a win and to pitch a shutout in Little League World Series history , told ESPN . " ... I know right now he 's really hurt and I know how hard he worked to get where he is . I mean , I was pretty hurt on my part but I know he 's hurting even more . " When an Argentinian journalist wrote an open letter to Pope Francis expressing concern about the pontiff meeting with the country 's president ahead of the general election in October and possibly influencing the outcome , what did the Pope do ? Well , he picked up the phone and gave the journalist a call . Wish we could have been a fly on the wall for that conversation ! The pope appears to have been more than graceful , because after the conversation , the journalist pledged to learn how to pray . When Queen Bey faced immense criticism after allegedly lip-synching the national anthem in honor of President Obama 's inauguration in 2013 , she did n't come out swinging . Instead , she admitted to singing along with her "  pre-recorded track " at the inauguration but only after she opened her news conference with what was described as a stirring , a cappella rendition of the national anthem . Finally , Reese Witherspoon may be the closest example for McHenry to consider when it comes to overcoming a very offensive episode . When Witherspoon and her husband were pulled over in 2013 for suspicion of driving under the influence , the Academy Award winning actress was recorded making comments to the officer such as , "  Do you know who I am ? " and "  You 're about to find out who I am . " She ultimately issued an apologetic statement , and then went on morning television to apologize some more . "  We went out to dinner in Atlanta , and we had one too many glasses of wine , and we thought we were fine to drive and we absolutely were not , " she said on "  Good Morning America . " "  It 's completely unacceptable , and we are so sorry and embarrassed . We know better , and we should n't have done that . " And , she added , "  When a police officer tells you to stay in the car , you stay in the car . I learned that for sure , " she told the GMA host . Now , did McHenry learn that when a towing company worker or anyone else makes you incredibly angry , you never berate them for their weight , job , appearance and income ? Let 's hope so . Can you think of other examples where the rich and powerful responded to a stressful situation with grace instead of disrespect ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	ESPN reporter Britt McHenry caught on video berating a towing company employee CNN 's Kelly Wallace used the story as a teachable moment for her daughters Wallace : McHenry could learn from other celebrities who responded gracefully in stressful situations
Wired  -- Mars is a crazy place . In recent years we 've discovered some of the strangest things on the Red Planet : ice spiders , Swiss cheese terrain , and perfectly spiral-shaped lava tubes . And the more we explore our near planetary neighbor , the weirder the things we find get . NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which has been circling Mars since 2006 , provides the clearest and highest-resolution images of the planet 's surface . Looking through the image archive of its HiRISE camera , which can resolve things about a meter wide on the ground , reveals a vast supply of strange and wonderful things . Here we share some of the orbiter 's most recent weird sightings from the last few months . The images provide incredible scientific insights into Mars . But , perhaps just as important , they are beautiful , fascinating , and reflective of the alien world that sits not too far from our own . Just a note on the colors in these images : HiRISE has cameras that see in slightly different wavelengths than our own eyes . Many of the photos it produces are in "  false color , " meaning the different wavelengths have been assigned colors for purposes of clarity or to highlight an important feature . There are no actual turquoise dunes on Mars . But the false color pictures do allow scientists to differentiate various textures and materials on Mars . Water discovered in Martian soil Evidence of supervolcanoes on Mars Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Mars reconnaissance Orbiter continues to send new images to earth Pictures highlight unusual topography Images use ` false color ' to highlight important features
SEQUOIA NATIONAL FOREST , California  CNN  -- Beyond the towering trees that have stood here for thousands of years , an intense drug war is being waged . Authorities uncovered more than $ 1 billion worth of pot plants in Sequoia National Forest this week . Illegal immigrants connected to Mexico 's drug cartels are growing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of marijuana in the heart of one of America 's national treasures , authorities say . It 's a booming business that , federal officials say , feeds Mexico 's most violent drug traffickers . "  These are n't Cheech and Chong plants , " said John Walters , director of the National Drug Control Policy . "  People who farm now are not doing this for laughs , despite the fact Hollywood still thinks that . They 're doing it to make a lot of money . " Walters spoke from a "  marijuana garden " tucked deep into the Sequoia National Forest , a two - to four-hour hike from the nearest road , far removed from the giant sequoias the region is best known for . Watch Hollywood needs to chill out , get serious about pot " Ten thousand marijuana plants , some 5 feet tall , dotted the mountainside 's steep terrain amid thick brush , often near streams . This garden 's street value is an estimated $ 40 million , authorities said . Walters clutched three plants he said were worth $ 12,000 on the streets . "  This is about serious criminal organizations , " Walters said . "  They 're willing to kill anybody who gets in their way . They 're taking money back to those who kill prosecutors , judges and law enforcement . " See photos of pot farm sweep in heart of U.S. national treasure " Over the past eight days , a federal , state and county law enforcement initiative called Operation LOCCUST has eradicated 420,000 marijuana plants here worth more than $ 1 billion on the street . By comparison , authorities eradicated 330,000 plants over the six-month growing season last month , said Lt. Mike Boudreaux of the Tulare County Sheriff 's Department . Authorities have arrested 38 people and seized 29 automatic weapons , high-powered rifles and other guns , Boudreaux said . For years , Mexican drug cartels have used the remote forest to conduct and conceal their business . But the pot production has intensified because it has become harder and harder to smuggle marijuana across the U.S.-Mexico border , Walters said . "  They come into our own national parks and risk the lives of sheriffs and others , " Walters said . Watch Mexican pot farms in U.S. forest " Sequoia National Forest is more than 350 miles from the border , named in honor of its 38 groves of giant sequoia trees dating back thousands of years . The forest covers 1.2 million acres in the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Some of the workers have established residency in the United States , Boudreaux said . Most are in the country illegally , he said , many brought for the sole purpose of growing pot , maintaining production and protecting the camp . "  They 're using family or very trusted family friends . They do n't just use anybody , " he said . Authorities arrested nine people in one bust recently , all of them brothers or cousins ranging in age from 20 to 27 , Boudreaux said . Boudreaux described a sophisticated web in which workers and supplies are delivered to the camps by separate groups of people who do n't know all the details about the marijuana operation . "  You 're recruited in for that purpose as long as you 're trusted . ... Each person has his function . " Once at the national forest , the growers carry with them everything they need : tents , food , guns , fertilizer , irrigation hose and marijuana seeds . Armed men keep watch over the gardens day and night during planting season , officials say . They dam mountain creeks to create pools and then siphon the water into miles of gravity-fed hoses that lead to smaller tubing to irrigate the plants . Nearly all of the marijuana plants have individual drip lines . "  The people that are growing this are good at what they do , " said Boudreaux . The battle is being waged by a coalition of local , state and federal agencies . They rip up and remove the intricate irrigation systems , eradicate the plants and develop intelligence on the workers . "  The goal is not just to eradicate the plants but to go after the organizations , " Walters said . What 's different this year from years past , officials say , is that they 're working to destroy the entire infrastructure of the marijuana grown in this region , from the irrigation systems to capturing the growers to ripping up the plants . And they 're trying to get at the heart of the cartels . Walters said they have a "  unique relationship " with Mexican law enforcement to go after organized crime -- that they will take names of those arrested here and try to work back to the crime families . "  In the past , all we 've been able to do is what we call ` whack and stack , ' " said Bill Wittman , sheriff of Tulare County . Wittman says he has had "  well over 200 people in the field every day " eradicating the plants and removing the irrigation systems as part of the operation . "  We 're not just pulling the plants , we 're targeting mid-level and upper-management of these trafficking organizations , " Boudreaux said . How do they find the gardens in such remote areas ? They use aerial surveillance , human intelligence and other means . "  Often times , we have people who will lead us to these gardens , " Boudreaux said . Allen Ishida , a member of the Tulare County Board of Supervisors , said the illegal activity is alarming . "  I want to state that the guys growing the marijuana are not the guys I went to college with , " he said . "  These are organized drug cartels out of Mexico . " Boudreaux says authorities are furious that cartels are operating in a U.S. forest . "  It 's something that 's troubling for many of us in law enforcement , " he said . "  You have illegal criminal activity in the mountain regions not only destroying the natural beauty of the landscape but as well as the potential for this product to reach the children of this community . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report from Atlanta .	Drug czar stands in pot garden : "  These are n't Cheech and Chong plants " Authorities say Mexican drug cartels send illegals to grow marijuana in forest $ 1 billion worth of marijuana plants destroyed in Sequoia National Forest , cops say "  They 're willing to kill anybody who gets in their way , " drug czar says
CNN  -- A Colorado teenager is facing a first-degree murder charge , accused of stabbing her mother 79 times in the face and neck in the bathroom of their Aurora home . Isabella Yun-Mi Guzman , 18 , is being held without bond at the Arapahoe County Jail in the August 28 stabbing death of her mother , Yun-Mi Hoy , 47 . The teen 's stepfather , Ryan Hoy , told authorities that Guzman and her mother had often fought in the past , but Guzman spit in her mother 's face and became "  more threatening and disrespectful towards her mother " in the days leading up to the killing , according to an arrest affidavit . Hoy told police that his wife showed him an e-mail Guzman allegedly sent her on the morning of the killing , which included the words , "  You will pay , " the affidavit states . That e-mail prompted Yun-Mi Hoy to call police later that day and ask them to come to her home because her daughter had threatened to harm her , according to the affidavit . After speaking to Yun-Mi Hoy and Guzman , responding officers determined there "  were ongoing family issues between them and it appeared to be resolved , " court documents state . Ryan Hoy told authorities that after the officers left , Guzman went to her bedroom and remained there the rest of the evening while her mother went back to work . When Yun-Mi Hoy arrived home around 9:30 p.m. , Ryan Hoy said , she went upstairs to take a shower . Hoy told police he then "  heard a thumping sound coming from upstairs and his wife call his name , " according to the affidavit . Hoy told authorities that as he tried to open the bathroom door , Guzman was pushing against it with her back to keep it closed . Hoy said he then went downstairs , called 911 and told a dispatcher that his "  wife and daughter were inside the bathroom and he could see blood coming from under the door to the bathroom , " the affidavit states . Hoy also told police that when he went back upstairs , he saw Guzman standing in the bathroom doorway holding a knife . "  Hoy then observed his wife lying on the floor of the bathroom covered in blood " with a baseball bat lying next to her body , the affidavit says . When police arrived at the home , they found Yun-Mi Hoy 's nude body lying on the bathroom floor with numerous lacerations and stab wounds . She was pronounced dead at the scene at 10:28 p.m. . An autopsy showed she had 31 stab wounds to the face and 48 stab wounds to the neck , according to the affidavit . Guzman was arrested Thursday at a parking garage by Aurora police . On Friday morning , a judge ordered that she be held without bond . Calls to the Aurora Public Defender 's Office to locate an attorney for Guzman were not returned .	Isabella Yun-Mi Guzman , 18 , held without bond in mother 's stabbing death Yun-Mi Hoy , 47 , suffered 79 stab wounds to the face and neck , autopsy says Guzman sent mother an e-mail stating , "  You will pay , " before the killing , affidavit states
RALEIGH , North Carolina  CNN  -- Men arrested last week on suspicion of plotting a "  violent jihad " overseas had weapons , thousands of rounds of ammunition and $ 13,000 cash in their home , an FBI agent testified in court Tuesday . An FBI agent testified he considers Daniel Patrick Boyd and six others "  a risk of flight " who should be denied bail . Also found at the home of Daniel Patrick Boyd and his sons were gas masks and a book that FBI special agent Michael Sutton called "  essentially our playbook to how we respond to acts of terrorism . " The seven men arrested last week should not be released on bail , he said . "  I think all of them are a risk of flight , your honor , " Sutton testified , noting allegations that all the defendants had traveled overseas . All face charges of supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad . Authorities are seeking an eighth suspect in the case . Officials identified three of the men as U.S. native Daniel Patrick Boyd , 39 -- who had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan -- and Boyd 's sons , Dylan Boyd , 22 , also known as "  Mohammed , " and Zakariya Boyd , 20 . The four others are : Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan , also a U.S.-born citizen ; Hysen Sherifi , identified as a native of Kosovo who is a legal permanent resident of the United States ; and Ziyad Yaghi and Anes Subasic , both naturalized U.S. citizens . Sabrina Boyd -- the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds -- said last week the allegations against her family are false . "  I know that my husband and my sons are free of guilt , " she told CNN on July 28 , when they were arrested . "  I 'm hopeful that the truth will come to light . " Watch Sabrina Boyd state her family 's innocence " Sutton testified Tuesday that Daniel and Dylan Boyd were arrested in Durham , North Carolina . Both were carrying weapons , and had permits to do so . The arresting agent told Sutton that Daniel Boyd attempted "  to acquire his sidearm , " and that Dylan Boyd "  failed to comply with their instruction and had to be subdued . " In a later interview , the younger Boyd told Sutton he had not gone for his gun . Five surreptitiously recorded audio tapes were played in the hearing , along with a cell phone video showing someone firing an AK-47 . On a tape made in May 2009 , the elder Boyd talks about getting the money needed to wage jihad and hitting Wells Fargo trucks and banks . He makes reference to how he had robbed a bank in Pakistan . In the search of the Boyd home the FBI says agents found : • Several weapons ; • 27,000 rounds of ammunition , including some armor-piercing types ; • $ 13,000 in cash . In addition , Dylan Boyd had a deposit slip for $ 16,000 ; • Four gas masks ; • A book called "  Emergency Response to Terrorism , " which Sutton said would be useful to someone trying to counter law enforcement ; • A document described as a fatwa  Muslim religious edict  of jihad  holy war  against America . It includes the assertion that the killing of Americans and their allies "  is an individual duty for every Muslim . " • An old identification card . Sutton said an FBI linguist says it reads "  monotheism , jihad and power . ... No God but God . Mohammed is his messenger . " On the flip side it says that the carrier is allowed into a certain house alone but should surrender the card when leaving . They also found a trench under the deck of the house , which a witness told the FBI was a bunker to store and conceal weapons , and a plywood plank placed in a tree so that someone sitting there could see anyone approaching the house , according to Sutton . The indictment against the men makes no reference to a direct threat to individuals or property in the United States , but said the men had practiced military tactics in a North Carolina county that borders Virginia .	"  I think all of them are a risk of flight , your honor , " FBI agent Michael Sutton testified In search of suspects ' home , authorities said they found guns , gas masks Seven face conspiracy charges ; eighth suspect being sought Wife and mother of suspects : "  My husband and my sons are free of guilt "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In the last two months , eight people in Cambodia have died from bird flu , a rare but deadly disease causing concern among health authorities . Six of the victims have been children . The H5N1 virus , known to be highly contagious to poultry , typically resembles the flu when contracted by humans . But it kills more than half the people it infects , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Of the nine confirmed H5N1 cases in Cambodia this year , only an 8-month old infant has survived . The infant had received medical attention early , said Dr. Ly Sovann , the Ministry of Health 's deputy director for communicable diseases control in Cambodia . The eight bird flu deaths in the last six weeks -- considering that Cambodia has had 19 reported deaths from the disease in the last 10 years -- has sparked increased surveillance efforts . Health officials are warning people to wash their hands often , to keep children away from poultry and to avoid eating sick poultry . So far , the nine cases are not believed to be related , although most of them came from the southern region . Bird flu research resumes , but not in U.S. . The eight H5N1 deaths in Cambodia occurred with a 15-year-old girl and a 35-year-old man on January 21 , and a 2-year-old girl and a 9-year-old girl on January 28 . In the next month , a 5-year-old died on Feburary 7 , a 3-year-old girl died on February 13 , a 2-year-old boy died on February 19 , followed by a death of a 35-year-old man on Monday . He came from the Kampong Cham province in central Cambodia and died after developing fever , coughing and difficulty breathing earlier this month . The patients experienced symptoms such as coughing , fever , difficulty breathing , sleepiness and vomiting . Bird flu does not usually pass from person-to-person , but the disease is closely monitored because of concerns that the H5N1 virus could mutate allowing to spread more easily among people . "  We conducted investigations and found that all the cases were transmission from the poultry , " said Sovann . "  There is no evidence of transmission from human to human at this stage . " All nine patients are believed to have been exposed to sick or dead poultry , according to health authroties . H5N1 typically spreads between birds , but can jump to humans , especially if they 're living in close proximity . The greatest risk of exposure to the virus is through the handling and slaughter of infected poultry . "  Home slaughtering and preparation of sick or dead poultry for food is hazardous : this practice must stop , " said Dr. H.E. Mam Bunheng , the Cambodian minister of health , in a statement . "  Children also seem to be most vulnerable and are at high risk because they like to play where poultry are found . I urge parents and guardians to keep children away from sick or dead poultry and prevent them from playing with chickens and ducks . " Health teams are carrying out "  enhanced surveillance " in the villages and communities where bird flu cases have been reported , according to the World Health Organization . Officials are also telling people with flu-like symptoms who have difficulty breathing to seek medical attention immediately . The disease is transmitted through the infected bird 's saliva , nasal secretions or feces . It can spread in markets or places where eggs and birds are sold in crowded conditions . The recent cases prompted China to announce temperature checks on people traveling back from Cambodia , according to the country 's General Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine . China had two deaths from bird flu this year . The patients , a 31-year-old man and 21-year-old woman died in mid-February in the southwestern area of the country . Both had close contact with birds , according to Xinhua , the Chinese news agency . The only other country with a confirmed H5N1 case this year was Egypt , where a 36-year-old woman died in late January . Mexico slaughters 1.2 million chickens infected with bird flu	Eight people , mostly children have died in Cambodia from bird flu Cambodia has had 19 reported deaths in the last 10 years , before recent oubtreak H5N1 is rare among humans , but potentially fatal
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal admitted his knee injury continues to "  bother " him after the Spaniard suffered double defeat in the final of the singles and doubles tournaments at the VTR Open in Vina del Mar , Chile . The clay court event was the former world No. 1 's first tournament in seven months due to an injury to his left knee , which caused him to miss both the U.S. Open as well as the Australian Open . "  The knee is still bothering me , but you have to face adversity with the best possible face and look forward to keep working and enjoy what I like the most , to play tennis , " said the 11-time grand slam champion told the ATP World Tour 's website . Despite his discomfort and a 6-7  2-7  7-6  8-6  6-4 loss to Argentina 's Horacio Zeballos , Nadal stressed the positives he had taken away from the event having played nine matches in six days . "  A week ago we did n't know how the body would respond , " the 26-year-old Mallorcan . " -LSB- Now -RSB- at least I know we can compete at a certain level . "  I think that was a positive week ... I will try to keep improving my physical sensations day-by-day , which is the most important thing because I do n't feel that my tennis level is bad . I need more time on court . World No. 43 Zeballos picked up his first career Tour title and became just the third player to beat Nadal in a clay court final , following in the foot steps of Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic . It was only Nadal 's fifth defeat in 41 clay court finals . "  The tennis is important , but for me the best thing was to have the feelings I 've had this week , with a full stadium and one of the best crowds I 've ever had in my life , " added Nadal . "  It 's a place I wo n't forget because of the love people gave me . "  I was two points away from winning the title , but I said from first day that the result was not the most important thing , although I would 've liked to win . "  My opponent won , he deserved it and I congratulate him . Still , to win four matches in a row is good news for me . " Nadal and Argentine partner Juan Monaco lost the doubles final to Italians Potito Starace and Paolo Lorenzi . This week Nadal will continue his rehabilitation in South America , where he will be top seed at this week 's Brazil Open in Sao Paulo .	Rafael Nadal loses both the singles and doubles finals at the VTR Open The event in Chile was Nadal 's first for seven months after a knee injury The Spaniard beaten 6-7  2-7  7-6  8-6  6-4 by Argentina 's Horacio Zeballos Zeballos becomes only the third player to beat Nadal in a clay court final
CNN  "  Beauty " has found its Beast . The new live-action "  Beauty and the Beast , " which cast Emma Watson as Belle , will also star "  Downton Abbey 's " Dan Stevens as the Beast . Watson herself welcomed her co-star on board after the news was reported in the Hollywood Reporter . The animated Disney character was voiced by Robby Benson in the 1991 film . The film , to be directed by Bill Condon  "  Gods and Monsters , " the final two "  Twilight " films  , also named its Gaston , the conniving lout who pursues Belle , though she resists his advances . He 'll be played by Luke Evans , a musical theater veteran who starred as Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson 's "  Hobbit " films . After Watson tweeted her congratulations , Evans immediately responded with a side-by-side set of photos of him and the animated character . The resemblance was striking . Now , if only Disney will cast Lumiere , Mrs. Potts , Cogsworth and the rest , we 'll have a real movie on our hands . No release date for "  Beauty and the Beast " has been announced , and filming has yet to begin .	Dan Stevens of "  Downton Abbey " is to play the Beast Luke Evans is cast as Gaston in the live-action film Emma Watson is playing Belle
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's main political parties Sunday reached a deal designed to allow non-U.S. foreign troops to stay in the country past the end of the year , when a United Nations resolution authorizing their presence expires . Iraqi and British soldiers during an Iraqi army training session in Basra last week . The deal would set a deadline of July 31 , 2009 , for all non-U.S. foreign troops to withdraw , according to Abdul Hadi al-Hassani , a lawmaker with the main Shiite parliamentary bloc , who spoke to Iraqi state television on Sunday . The agreement awaits approval by Iraq 's Parliament , which is expected to vote on the measure on Monday , several Iraqi lawmakers said . The emergency negotiations came after lawmakers Saturday rejected a similar proposal that would have been law . Sunday 's proposal , by contrast , was drafted as a resolution that would empower the Cabinet to authorize international troop presence without requiring Parliament to pass a law . Washington and Baghdad have already worked out a separate agreement that will keep U.S. troops in Iraq but tighten restrictions on them . Countries other than the United States that have troops in Iraq could be left with no legal cover for their presence there if Baghdad does not act swiftly . Iraq 's Cabinet had approved a draft law authorizing non-U.S. foreign troops Tuesday , the first step in passing legislation , but it fell at the next hurdle -- Parliament . That left lawmakers scrambling Sunday for a way to give foreign troops legal cover quickly . Lawmakers expect Sunday 's agreement to cut through the problem , because a resolution can be passed in a single day , while it takes at least a week to pass a law . British government lawyers , meanwhile , are studying "  all possible options " to legally extend the presence of British troops in Iraq beyond New Year 's Day in case Iraq 's Parliament rejects the new compromise . Britain has the second-largest contingent of foreign troops in Iraq -- about 4,100 -- after the United States , which has about 142,500 . All other countries combined have only several hundred troops in the country . Britain and Iraq announced last week that British troops would begin leaving Iraq in May 2009 , while a "  handful " of British military personnel would remain after that date to continue naval training for Iraqi sailors , primarily to protect oil platforms . The United States reached a security agreement with Iraq in November . That deal , which was ratified by the Iraqi Parliament , calls for American troops to leave Iraqi cities by June 2009 , and to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 . Beginning New Year 's Day , U.S. commanders will have to get prior Iraqi government approval for any operations . American military personnel who commit crimes while not on duty or who commit grave crimes while on duty would be subject to Iraqi legal jurisdiction under the new agreement . The U.S. security agreement does not govern the presence of troops from other coalition countries . The Parliament 's rejection of the Cabinet 's proposed law allowing foreign forces to remain in Iraq after January 1 came after heated arguments that lasted for days . The session became so contentious that Parliament 's speaker threatened to resign , lawmakers said . Some political blocs , notably the Sadrists , oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq . That group , headed by Shiite leader Muqtada al-Sadr -- an anti-Western cleric -- is demanding an immediate withdrawal of foreign forces . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Deal would permit non-U.S. troops to stay into 2009 NEW : Agreement would set July 31 withdrawal deadline for those troops U.K. examining options in case Iraqi Parliament does n't OK deal Sadrists oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq
CNN  -- With a breezy sweep of his pen President Vladimir Putin wrote a new chapter into Crimea 's turbulent history , committing the region to a future returned to Russian domain . Sixty years prior , Ukraine 's breakaway peninsula was signed away just as swiftly by Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev . But dealing with such a blatant land grab on its eastern flank wo n't be anywhere near as quick and easy for Europe 's 28-member union . Because , unlike Crimea 's rushed referendum , everyone has a say . After initially slapping visa restrictions and asset freezes on a limited number of little known politicians and military men , Europe is facing urgent calls to widen the scope of its measures to target the Russian business community in particular . The logic of this is that those who run Russia and own it are essentially two sides of the coin . Alexei Navalny , one-time Moscow mayoral contender now under house arrest for opposing the current regime , called for Europe 's leaders to ban everyone -- from Vladimir Putin 's personal banker to Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich from keeping their money and loved ones abroad . Asset freezes and visa restrictions are especially palatable options for the EU because they can be rolled out on a discretionary basis , without requiring cumbersome legal procedures and recourse . In fact Russia cancels visas for people it does n't like all the time . Just look at Hermitage Capital founder Bill Browder who lost both his right of entry and Moscow-based money in 2005 and dare not go back . Russia also banned the adoption of its orphans by Americans in retaliation for the US 's implementation of an anti-corruption law named after Sergei Magnitsky , Browder 's lawyer who died after a year in a Moscow detention center , apparently beaten to death . Yet in playing the ` money talks ' card , Europe must be ready for the consequences of such action . Because money also walks . As such EU leaders must be ready to accept sanctions are a two-way street and will hurt both sides . Targeting Russia 's peripatetic business community would be one way of sapping their tenuous support for President Putin . And such a strategy might also turn out to have a silver lining : awarding EU countries a chance to finally deal with some of the more unpleasant sides of their patronage , including money laundering and corruption , which have inflated prize assets like London property and Picasso paintings for years . Where Europe should hold fire though is trade . Two decades of post-Soviet rapprochement and almost $ 500 billion worth of commerce is a lot to put at stake . It 's true that any trade war would hurt Russia far harder than it would the EU - not least because 15 % of the former 's GDP comes from exports to the bloc . But Europe - with its hefty reliance on Russian gas - would have a hard time keeping its factories going and citizens warm without power from the east . And while Putin flexes his political muscle , open trade channels keep the dialogue going giving all sides a chance to change the subject and talk less tensely . No one can afford to cut off that lifeline , especially now with Europe 's economy on the rebound and Russia 's one on the wane .	Nina dos Santos says Europe must be ready to accept sanctions will hurt both sides Targeting Russia 's business community would be one way of sapping their support for President Putin , she says But she says Europe would have a hard time keeping its factories going without power from the east
CNN  -- Newsweek 's cover story "  Muslim Rage " has inspired a comedic rage . The magazine 's newest issue features an article by Ayaan Hirsi Ali , who purports to lecture the West on how to best handle Muslim rage . Newsweek , in an effort to promote the article , turned to Twitter , asking people to tweet their thoughts on the article , followed by the hashtag #MuslimRage . What happened next was not what Newsweek or Ali could have anticipated or wanted . Instead of an academic discussion about the article , or hate-filled diatribes by Islamophobes , it turned into something extraordinary . Opinion : Should Google censor an anti-Islam video ? Thousands of tweets bearing the hashtag #MuslimRage filled Twitter , showcasing satire at its best -- the type , by definition , which uses "  wit , irony , or sarcasm used to expose and discredit vice or folly . " The tweets -- posted mostly by Muslims it seems -- are a comedic roast of the specious proposition that was peddled to us by Newsweek and Ali . Here are just a few samples : Danya Hajjaji @DanyaHajjaji When everyone in history class turns to you once 9/11 is brought up . #MuslimRage AidWorkerAfghanistan @petey_jee I told my shrink I was feeling suicidal and he reported me to the FBI #muslimrage Dalia Mogahed @DMogahed When I wear a white hijab to a TV interview with a white backdrop . #floatingHead #MuslimRage Juan Cole @jricole Television ` experts ' saying Iran is an "  Arab " country . #MuslimRage Efe Ozturk @Efe_Ozturk Could n't toss football around since the ball was made of pigskin #MuslimRage And as University of California professor Reza Aslan poignantly and instructively tweeted : Reza Aslan @rezaaslan Memo to those few violent MidEast protesters , this is how you fight Islamophobia . You make fun of it . #MuslimRage We know that some Muslims were truly outraged by the anti-Islam video uploaded to YouTube that sparked protests in the Middle East . Some of those protests were peaceful , while others turned violent and deadly . We also know that plenty of Muslims were horrified by the killing of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans in Libya . The U.S. government is looking into whether this atrocity was premeditated or not . What is disheartening is that some of the media coverage of the protests embodies the worst form of sensational journalism . There were headlines and stories that made it seem as though millions of Muslims across the world had taken to the streets , with Muslim countries in riots and businesses closed . Free speech or incitement ? French magazine runs cartoons of Mohammed One of the most outrageous comments came from MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough , who said on Monday that Muslims hate us because of the religion itself . Scarborough , to the deafening silence of his co-hosts , further commented , "  If you gave every street vendor , from street vendor to prime minister in that region , a chance to throw a rock at the U.S. Embassy , they would . " How is this different from a radical Muslim cleric telling his followers that every American hates them -- from street vendors to the president -- because of their faith ? Scarborough would be right if a majority of Muslims in the world had been protesting . But that is far from the truth . In Indonesia , a nation of over 200 million , several hundred people took part in protests . Just a few months ago , 50,000 Indonesians bought tickets to see a Lady Gaga concert before it was canceled . So , what does this say about Muslims in Indonesia ? In Egypt , a nation of over 80 million , about 2,000 people protested on Friday . Of those protesters , a few hundred were arrested by the police . In Lebanon , no protests occurred until Monday . Why ? Because the pope had been visiting the country , and the leader of Hezbollah , which the U.S. has labeled as a terrorist group , did n't want to do anything to interfere with the pope 's historic three-day visit . A small number of protesters should not define the entire Muslim population of over a billion . The media should know this and report the truth accordingly . Reaction to anti-Islam film fuels debate on free speech versus hate speech Let 's look closer to home . Monday was the one-year anniversary of the Occupy Wall Street movement . It was marked by protests in a number of cities . In New York City alone there were over 1000 protesters , with 185 getting arrested . Do these protests imply that all Americans are protesting ? Of course not . And remember the Chick Fil-A Appreciation Day this summer , which was held to support the fast-food chain amid a debate over its president 's opposition to same-sex marriage ? It set sales records for the chain and attracted over 600,000 supporters on its Facebook event page . Would it be fair for a foreign news media outlet to report , "  Americans rage against gay marriage " ? No . The U.S. media -- and we 're not just talking about Newsweek or Joe Scarborough -- need to act in a more responsible way . It appears that our media are more focused on ratings than facts and accuracy . While the media jump on the story and then quickly move on to another story , their impact in defining a people and a culture can be lasting . Let 's hope the wave of #MuslimRage responses prompts the media to think twice before they react . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Newsweek 's cover story about Muslim rage turned into satire on Twitter Dean Obeidallah : The media need to be less sensational in their coverage He says a small number of protesters should not define the entire Muslim population Obeidallah : Let 's hope media can focus more on accuracy and facts
WIRED  -- The holidays are over , and the slew of smartphone debuts at the Consumer Electronics Show have come and gone . It 's now safe for retailers and carriers to start dropping prices on 2011 and early 2012 smartphone inventory , and that 's great news for those looking for a good deal . Since CES has ended , a number of smartphones are now available at very affordable prices . You 'd be safe , nay , smart to pick up one of these options if you 're looking to make the big switch from a feature phone to a smart device , or perhaps you recently bore witness to the death of your Droid in a wave of spilled beer . If you 're itching to try a Windows Phone for the first time , you 're in luck . The Nokia Lumia 710 went on sale January 11 for a budget-friendly $ 50 , and is now available for only a penny from Costco , with the purchase of a T-Mobile data plan  which can be had for as cheap as $ 50 a month  . The 3.7-inch , more spec-ed out Lumia 800 has n't had a U.S. launch date announced yet , and the new 4.3-inch Lumia 900 will land sometime "  in the coming months , " representatives said . Motorola dropped the price of its ultra-thin 16GB Droid Razr from $ 300 to $ 200 , with contract from Verizon . The cheaper price tag dumps the 16GB microSD that previously came bundled with the phone , but if you still need that extra storage , you can pick up your own microSD for around $ 10 . Why the price cut on a phone that just launched in November ? In Motorola 's case , it 's time to make room for the new kid in town , the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx , which will be available starting January 26 . It 's essentially the same phone , only the Maxx has way better battery life . The Samsung Infuse 4G , which launched this summer with a brilliant 4.5-inch Super AMOLED Plus screen , is on sale at AT&T for a mere penny through January 24 . And Apple 's iPhone 3GS is always just 99 cents  with contract  on AT&T . At Verizon , the Droid Pro and Droid 3 are also on sale , priced at $ 0 and $ 100 , respectively . With the Sony Xperia S rumored to arrive January 30 , it would n't be surprising if prices on 2011 Sony handset prices start dropping soon . If you 're in the market for a new smartphone , and none of these models tickle your fancy , keep your eyes open : There will definitely be more smartphone steals over the next few weeks as 2012 smartphone models start landing on store shelves . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Nokia Lumia 710 went on sale January 11 for a budget-friendly $ 50 Motorola dropped the price of its 16GB Droid Razr from $ 300 to $ 200 Samsung Infuse 4G is on sale at AT&T for a mere penny through January 24
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder has asked federal prosecutor John Durham to examine whether CIA interrogations of suspected terrorists were illegal , the Justice Department announced Monday . President Obama wants the FBI to question terror suspects from now on , sources say . The move came as senior administration officials said President Obama had OK 'd a special interrogation unit to be housed within the FBI , and as a redacted CIA inspector general 's report on interrogation methods was made public for the first time . Durham has been investigating the destruction of CIA interrogation tapes since January 2008 . He was initially appointed to do so by then-Attorney General Michael Mukasey . Holder said he decided to expand Durham 's mandate after examining reports from the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility as well as a classified version of the 2004 CIA inspector general 's report into questionable interrogation techniques , among other documents . Watch what tactics a rights group calls "  illegal " " "  As a result of my analysis of all of this material , I have concluded that the information known to me warrants opening a preliminary review into whether federal laws were violated in connection with the interrogation of specific detainees at overseas locations , " Holder said in a written statement . He said he recognizes his decision to open the investigation "  will be controversial , " and he reiterated earlier statements that there would be no prosecutions of CIA personnel "  who acted in good faith and within the scope of the legal guidance given by " Bush administration lawyers . "  This preliminary review will not focus on those individuals , " he said . He did not specify a focus for Durham 's investigation . President Obama issued a statement echoing Holder 's comment that Obama would "  look forward and not backward when it comes to issues such as these . " Then-President George W. Bush authorized "  enhanced interrogation techniques " for terror suspects in the years following the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . Those techniques , which included the practice of waterboarding -- simulated drowning -- drew sharp criticism from opponents , who said they amounted to torture . Liberal groups have pushed for an investigation , stressing that it should include those who ordered the use of the techniques . Prior to his appointment to looking into the interrogation tape destruction , Durham was an assistant U.S. attorney in Connecticut , where among other cases he oversaw the investigations and convictions of a pair of Connecticut mayors . He also oversaw a federal investigation that broke up a corrupt law enforcement situation in Boston , Massachusetts , that was the basis for the Oscar-winning movie "  The Departed . " Durham was tasked with investigating the destruction of tapes of CIA interrogations of terror suspects . The tapes were destroyed in 2005 and never handed over to the courts or the special 9/11 commission . Holder said Durham 's investigation has given him "  great familiarity with much of the information that is relevant to the matter at hand . " Earlier Monday , senior administration officials said Obama approved the establishment of a special unit of terrorist interrogators based out of the FBI . The move comes in the wake of criticism of questionable CIA interrogation techniques , such as waterboarding and the transfer of detainees to countries where torture is common . The decision to place the FBI , rather than the CIA , in charge of interrogating suspected terrorists represents a major shift in U.S. national security policy . The change is based on the recommendation of an interrogation task force that Obama established shortly after taking office in January . The interagency High Value Detainee Interrogation Group will be overseen by the National Security Council and "  draw on interrogators from defense , intelligence , and law enforcement , " a senior administration official said . The group will be tasked in part with ensuring that future interrogations comply with restrictions outlined in the U.S. Army Field Manual . The manual provides "  adequate and effective means " of conducting investigations , the administration officials asserted , though they left open the possibility of adding new methods based on the latest scientific research regarding what are called "  best practices " for interrogation . "  There will be full transparency " regarding "  any new techniques that might be allowed " as a result of such research , one of the officials promised . The State Department also will play a more prominent role in overseeing transfers of suspected terrorists to other countries for interrogation , the official said . The department will help ensure that suspected terrorists are not abused or tortured . "  The new policies proposed by the Task Force will allow us to draw the best personnel from across the government to conduct interrogations that will yield valuable intelligence and strengthen our national security , " Holder said in a written statement . "  There is no tension between strengthening our national security and meeting our commitment to the rule of law , and these new policies will accomplish both . " Asked to comment on the transfer of responsibility for interrogations from the CIA to the FBI , two former senior CIA officials said the agency never intended to handle detentions , and that it essentially was forced to do so as a result of its pursuit of suspected terrorists after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Some of the questionable tactics used in that pursuit were highlighted Monday by the release of a 2004 report from the CIA 's inspector general . The report outlines the use of multiple unauthorized detainee interrogation methods . Among the findings : U.S. interrogators threatened a captured al Qaeda operative with a power drill to try to scare him into giving up information . Interrogators also threatened to kill another top captive 's children in an effort to get the men to talk , the report says . The gun and drill were used in two interrogation sessions against Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , according to a source familiar with the report 's contents . Al-Nashiri is accused of plotting the 2000 attack on the USS Cole , which left 17 U.S. sailors dead . The report says interrogators told al-Nashiri that if he did n't talk , "  we could get your mother in here . We can bring your family in here . " Interrogators also reportedly told Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , that "  if anything else happens in the United States , we 're going to kill your children . " Unauthorized detainee interrogation methods also included , among other things , "  the making of threats , blowing cigar smoke , employing certain stress positions , the use of a stiff brush on a detainee , and stepping on a detainee 's ankle shackles , " the report says . The report also states that interrogators staged mock executions -- which are banned by the U.N. Convention Against Torture -- to try to frighten detainees into talking . In one instance , a gun was fired in an adjacent room to make a terrorism suspect think another prisoner was being killed . "  When the guards moved the detainee from the interrogation room , " the report states , "  they passed a guard who was dressed as a hooded detainee , lying motionless on the ground and made to appear as if he had been shot . " A federal judge in New York had ordered a redacted version of the report to be released as part of a lawsuit filed by the ACLU . "  This is in many ways an old story , " CIA Director Leon Panetta said in a written statement . "  The outlines of prior interrogation practices , and many of the details , are public already . The use of enhanced interrogation techniques , begun when our country was responding to the horrors of September 11 , ended in January . For the CIA now , the challenge is not the battles of yesterday , but those of today and tomorrow . " The interrogations took place in the CIA 's secret prisons before 2006 , when Bush moved all detainees from such facilities to the detention center in the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . A CIA spokesman would not talk about specifics of the inspector general 's report but said all the incidents described in it have been reviewed by government prosecutors . "  The CIA in no way endorsed behavior -- no matter how infrequent -- that went beyond formal guidance . This has all been looked at ; professionals in the Department of Justice decided if and when to pursue prosecution . That 's how the system was supposed to work , and that 's how it did work , " CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano said . One of the sources , a former intelligence official who is familiar with the report , said that while the report "  reaffirmed " the interrogation program , it "  also showed some had strayed off center . " The official said about a dozen cases of potential misconduct by interrogators were referred to the Justice Department . Of those , only one person was prosecuted , the official said , with the rest being referred to the CIA accountability board , an internal disciplinary body . Two people resigned rather than face the CIA board , the official said . This official said that when CIA leadership found out about the drill incident , they were "  angry as hell . " The official called it "  nickel-and-dime foolishness " that was not tolerated . The individual who used the drill was pulled from the program and "  sharply reprimanded , " the official said . Anthony D. Romero , executive director of the ACLU , released a statement Sunday saying , "  Leaked portions of the CIA inspector general 's report offer more proof that government officials committed serious crimes while interrogating prisoners . So-called ` enhanced interrogation techniques ' like mock executions and threatening prisoners with guns and power drills are not only reprehensible but illegal . " In anticipation of the release of the report Monday , Romero added , "  Releasing the report with minimal redactions is essential to knowing what crimes were committed and who was involved . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Elaine Quijano , Kevin Bohn and Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigator oversaw federal probe forming basis for "  The Departed " movie NEW : Report says interrogators threatened families , faked murders Attorney general wants "  review into whether federal laws were violated " Officials promise transparency on research that alters interrogation "  best practices "
CNN  -- Los Angeles Dodgers baseball manager Joe Torre 's new book about his old club has been burning up best-seller lists even before it hits stores . Joe Torre speaks candidly with CNN 's Larry King about his controversial new book , "  The Yankee Years . " In "  The Yankee Years , " Torre candidly details his life as the former skipper of the team he led to four World Series titles . In the book , Torre slams some of his old players such as Alex Rodriguez and longtime Yankees owner George Steinbrenner . In his first TV interview , Torre talked with CNN 's Larry King about the controversial tell-all book . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Did you ever think you would become , at this stage of your life and career , controversial ? Joe Torre : No . And I 'm a little surprised , you know , not really , you know because it came out of New York and it involved the Yankees , obviously . You 're always in the storm 's eye , so to speak , when you 're with the Yankees . To me , the book is much more than controversial . I think it 's very informative . I 'm very proud of , you know , coupling with Tom Verducci and how he wrote this book . King : Did you realize that some people might get upset at this ? Torre : You know I think there 's always going to be something that someone is going to resent . That 's what I 'd like to think that my reputation is -- being honest . I do n't really think , it certainly was n't my intention to shock anybody with stuff in this book . I just wanted to , you know , maybe put a heartbeat on some of these players that people think are robotic and basically tell the story -- and tell people my feelings -- of course , you know , the good years . We won the World Series . We were in the World Series -- to explain my feelings and my thoughts and my decisions . And , of course , you have to talk about the years you did n't win , too . Watch Torre discuss controversial book with CNN 's Larry King " King : How about those who say you violated the code ? That , like Vegas , what happens in the clubhouse stays in the clubhouse ? Boomer Wells , a pitcher who certainly has his own problems and wrote a book himself , calls you a punk for breaking that code . Torre : Well , Boomer and I have always had this type of relationship . We 've had problems . But , really , I think we 've always respected each other professionally . King : All right , here 's some of what you say in the book about Alex  Rodriguez  "  When Alex came over , it became strained in the clubhouse . When it comes to a key situation , he ca n't get himself to concern himself with getting the job done instead of how it looks . Alex monopolized all the attention . When Alex came over , he certainly changed just the feel of the club . And he needs all those statistics he needs every record imaginable . " Now , what 's your overall view here ? TORRE : I ca n't disagree with any of that . I mean Alex is a special player . I do n't think there 's any player that 's more talented than Alex Rodriguez . He cares very deeply about doing well . Baseball is his life . He puts a lot of pressure on himself . And when he first came over , I mean you ca n't put an Alex Rodriguez into a clubhouse and not think it 's going to change , just based on , you know , who he is , his ability and what he 's done in the past . King : But the "  A fraud "  comment  was ... Torre : The A fraud thing was more of a joking-type thing . I know Larry Bowa used to take him out to hit ground balls after he had maybe a bad night or had made an error , and he says , ` Who is it today , is it A-Rod or A-Fraud ? ' It was right there in front of him . It was n't like anything was said behind his back . King : When did you last have contact with A-Rod ? Torre : I have n't talked to Alex for a while . I 've had , you know , best wishes through people . But , you know , I text him on occasions . But I have not talked to Alex since I left . King : Do you think you 'll hear from him ? Torre : I do n't know . I may . As I say , I do n't think there 's anything in this book that 's going to , you know , make Alex angry . King : You say you never got trust from the Yankee front office , not even when you were winning . You say it bothered you . So were you even , during the winning years , angry inside ? Torre : I would n't say they did n't trust me . You know , the thing is George , God love him , he , you know , always wanted to go to the whip . George is that kind of owner that , you know , wants to be in total control . And , again , he really did n't give you an opportunity to enjoy what you had done , because he was always striving for the next good thing to happen . King : So then it was n't fun ? Torre : It was exciting . It was exciting , and the winning is fun . King : You have had some tough stuff to say about Steinbrenner . Here 's a couple quotes . "  He would be a tyrant who would second-guess a lot of stuff " that you did . "  He was resentful of the credit I got . " He wanted to scare you in front of other people . It drove him nuts when it made sense when I talked to him . Torre : That 's not saying bad things about him . King : That 's not ? Torre : That 's not . All of those things I think George would be proud of , King : Are you proud of it ? Torre : Yes . He liked being the boss . Everybody in the world knows he 's tough . They know he , you know , can threaten you at any time , but that was the excitement . The thing that I kept telling George -- I want to make him proud of what we are doing , and for a long period of time , we did do that . King : On steroids , you write you never saw it . Players never talked about it . You said you respected guys ' privacy ? Torre : I always did that , even before the steroid issue . I never went in players lockers or tried to sneak around the corner . In regards to steroids , I think we 're all to blame , all of baseball . I never realized how far reaching this problem has been . I 'm not saying that we as managers and coaches , that you do n't look across the field and said , ` you know , this guy has gotten big from last year , and stuff like that . ' But again , it 's not like loading a bat . I was always a little hesitant to accuse people of loading a bat to hit a ball farther . I was always very hesitant to approach people because I never had any evidence that I had firsthand knowledge of .	Former Yankee skipper Joe Torre defends comments made in new book Torre criticizes Alex Rodriguez , George Steinbrenner in "  The Yankee Years " Torre says he never saw steroid use in clubhouse
There is no shortage of parties to blame for the frightening turn of events in Iraq over the past week . An incomplete list would include , above all , ISIS , the spearhead of a broader Sunni Arab revolt and the group famously rejected by the al Qaeda leadership as too violent and puritanical even for them . ISIS grew out of the former al Qaeda franchise in Iraq that worked so hard after the fall of Saddam Hussein to provoke the sectarian bloodbath that was eventually unleashed in full in 2006 . Also high on the list of culprits would be Iraq 's Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki who rarely misses an opportunity to alienate Iraq 's Sunni Arabs and frustrate openings for reconciliation between the country 's various communities . Special mention must also go to Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad . His decision in 2011 to respond violently to the legitimate , peaceful and democratic demands of his people set off the civil war which provided ISIS with a new battleground just after Sunni Arabs in Iraq had turned against it . ISIS exploited this opening to the full , securing control over territory and oil reserves , and methodically building up its strength in preparation for a dramatic return to Iraq . Some of the greatest offenders , however , are to be found in the west , appearing in television studios or writing opinion pieces , offering their analysis of the situation and advice on what action their successors should take . Displaying an almost comical lack of self-awareness , George Bush 's Vice President Dick Cheney , former U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair now deny their past actions had any bearing on the current crisis  or , in the case of Cheney , simply ignore their own record completely  while recommending renewed military engagement from the U.S. and UK . Responding to the shameless re-emergence of these ghosts from the past may seem like a futile exercise in score-settling , but in fact it is of vital current importance . The 2003 invasion was a war of choice , that Kofi Annan called "  illegal " under international law , yet there remains no prospect of accountability for those responsible . That being the case , it is vital to ensure that the likes of Blair , Cheney et al are at least forced to pay a political cost for their actions , with the shame that attaches to them acting as a deterrent to any future leader tempted to emulate their record . The invasion and subsequent occupation of Iraq helped lay the ground for the current crisis in a number of important respects . The occupying forces set the divisive tone early on , using sectarian quotas to select Iraqi politicians to sit on the Interim Governing Council that acted as the initial façade to U.S. authority over "  liberated " Iraq . The summary dismantling of the Iraqi state and army -- a measure still defended by Wolfowitz -- hit the Sunni community disproportionately , further alienating them from the post-Saddam settlement . Iraq 's descent into a failed state provided conditions that ISIS , in its original incarnation , was able to exploit to the full . Of course , the presence of occupying western armies played directly into the al Qaeda narrative , acting as a magnet for jihadis from across the region and beyond . The horrific abuses uncovered at Abu Ghraib and the U.S. military 's brutal military tactics -- for example in the devastating assaults on Falluja in 2004 -- were all gifts to jihadi recruiting sergeants , as was the continued support for the by now Shia-dominated Baghdad government as it ran death squads during the height of the civil war . The likes of Cheney , Wolfowitz and Blair , who oversaw all of this , are scarcely qualified to offer authoritative counsel on how to deal with the disastrous effects of their own actions . And even if it were not for their own record , their advice does not stand up on its own terms . Returning to Iraq with air strikes , or an extension of the extrajudicial execution program that the Obama administration has been running with its drone operations in Yemen and Pakistan , would serve only to inflame the situation further . What Iraq needs , above all , is a political solution whereby Sunni Arabs , who have no love for ISIS and who have turned decisively against it in the recent past , are given a full part in a government of national reconciliation , independent of compromising foreign interference and capable of reintegrating all Iraqi communities into the new dispensation . Air strikes in support of Maliki 's rigid , sectarian regime will inevitably lead to major civilian loss of life , deepening divisions and making political reconciliation harder to achieve . International jihadis had no real presence in Iraq before the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 . Now , in no small part due to the ironically titled "  war on terror " waged by Cheney , Wolfowitz and Blair , those forces now exert joint control over a huge swathe of the country . All in all , now would be a good time for the neo-conservatives and liberal interventionists who helped bring us to this point to commence a prolonged period of silence . Their advice is no longer required . READ : Opinion - Dick Cheney 's amazing chutzpah on Iraq	David Wearing : Those to blame for Iraq crisis include ISIS , PM Nouri al-Maliki , Syria 's Bashar al-Assad Main offenders include former Western leaders who are defending their actions - Wearing Cheney , Wolfowitz and Blair have no right to offer advice on how to deal with the crisis , he adds Iraq must not endure more U.S. military devastation , Wearing says ; it needs political solution
CNN  -- Mark Sanford is another step closer to political redemption , but the real headline out of his Tuesday victory in a Republican primary runoff for his old congressional seat was a rare public appearance by his former mistress -- who 's now his fiancée . And while the former South Carolina governor is considered the favorite in next month 's general election showdown with Democratic nominee Elizabeth Colbert Busch , the sister of satirist and Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert , his past infidelity remains front and center in the race and could continue to hurt him with crucial female voters . Democrats wasted no time in attacking Sanford over the affair . "  This is the same Mark Sanford who , as governor , disappeared from office and used taxpayer money to visit his mistress . With all the issues we are working on , we do not need him in Congress , " wrote Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York in a fundraising e-mail for Colbert Busch sent in the hours after Sanford 's victory . "  Fortunately , there is a strong independent woman running to give us a better alternative named Elizabeth Colbert Busch . " Sanford addressed his "  incredibly long journey " at his victory celebration over former Charleston County Councilman Curtis Bostic . "  In that journey , I am humbled . " He added that while God forgives , "  sometimes the voters are n't so forgiving . " Sanford thanked supporters , family , and his fiancée , Maria Belen Chapur of Argentina . The former governor said Wednesday on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that he was surprised by her appearance at the victory celebration . "  She completely surprised me , " Sanford told CNN Chief Washington Correspondent Jake Tapper . "  It was an awfully , awfully nice surprise . " Sanford wins GOP nomination for House seat "  I did n't know she was coming , but I 'm excited to see her , " he said . The affair came to light in 2009 , after Sanford disappeared from public view for several days and re-emerged , claiming he 'd been hiking the Appalachian Trail . He later admitted that he was actually in Argentina , seeing his lover . The episode sank any hopes Sanford had of making a bid for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination . Sanford and then-wife Jenny were divorced in 2010 and he finished his second term as governor in January 2011 , exiting to what many thought would be political obscurity . Sanford is touting his fiscal conservative credentials as he campaigns for Congress , but he 's also asking the public for a second chance , telling CNN that he was seeking "  redemption " by running for office again . He came in first in a 16-candidate primary two weeks ago , but only with 37 % of the vote , far short of the 50 % needed to avoid a runoff . He topped Bostic in Tuesday 's runoff by a 57 % -43 % margin . Bostic appeared to try to make infidelity a key issue in the runoff campaign . "  Trust is a crucial issue . In fact , it has become a crucial issue in this race , " the candidate said at a debate with Sanford last week . Bostic added that the former governor was a "  compromised candidate " because of the affair . Now Sanford faces off May 7 with Colbert Busch , an official with Clemson University 's wind turbine drive testing facility . She is expected to have an uphill climb in the general election because the district is heavily Republican . The 1st District has been in GOP hands for more than three decades . Rep. Tim Scott won re-election to the seat by 27 percentage points in last November 's election . But when Republican U.S. Sen. Jim DeMint stepped down from his seat late last year to take over as the head of the conservative Heritage Foundation , GOP Gov. Nikki Haley named Scott to fill the seat , triggering the special election to fill the seat that Sanford held for three terms before becoming governor . Mark Sanford : Shamed politician fights for comeback Colbert Busch 's famous brother has campaigned on his sister 's behalf . "  She 's my sister , and I 'm willing to , you know , break the jewel of my own creation to try to do something for her , " Colbert told Jake Tapper , CNN 's chief Washington correspondent and anchor of CNN 's "  The Lead . " Colbert will team up again with his sister for fundraisers later this month in the nation 's capital and in New York . But Democrats are focusing on Sanford 's affair . "  The families of this district need a representative who they can trust , " Colbert Busch campaign spokesman James Smith said Tuesday night . "  Mark Sanford simply has the wrong values for our community . Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee press secretary Emily Bittner tried to put Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , a senior House Republican , on the spot . "  Even Republicans acknowledge that Congressman Sanford 's behavior was a disgrace and that he betrayed the public trust , so will Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers support Mark Sanford in his quest to return to Washington ? " Sanford disagrees , saying his runoff victory shows he does n't have a problem with female voters , at least those in his party . There were a lot of Republican conservative women that voted last night . And what they did was decided to send me in as the Republican standard-bearer in this congressional seat , " Sanford told Tapper . But some South Carolina Republicans disagree , saying that the female vote could be an issue for Sanford . "  Surveys show Sanford has a problem with women , and some may never forgive him , " said Republican strategist Bruce Haynes , a partner in the consulting firm Purple Strategies . "  Acknowledgment of perceptions is the first step in rebuilding any reputation , and his choice to bring his fianceé forward is smart . " "  His past and his present relationship with her is an unavoidable issue in this race . It 's best that he acknowledge it , deal with it on his terms rather than let others define it for him . Otherwise , silence is hiding , and hiding is guilt , and guilt is losing , " added Haynes , who served as chief of staff for former Republican Rep. Bob Inglis of South Carolina , and as a staff member for former GOP Gov. Carroll Campbell . Haynes thinks Sanford can win a race that focuses on policy , but says a race on personality will be much harder to win . Republican strategist Hogan Gidley , who served as executive director of the South Carolina Republican Party , agreed . "  It 's going to be virtually impossible for Mark Sanford to attack Colbert Busch , " said Gidley , who worked for Sanford rival state Sen. Larry Grooms in the primary . "  It 's extremely tricky political territory for several reasons : One , Sanford ca n't effectively execute an apology tour and consistently be on the attack ; two , any political attack on Colbert Busch would be used against Sanford and the party as proof of a perceived ` war on women ; ' three , we have a huge problem right now with the women vote -- so any candidate perceived to be one who disregards women -- is going to face issues getting votes . " But the geography of the district may be in Sanford 's favor . "  The new 1st District is a coastal area , so it 's generally the most socially liberal of South Carolina 's GOP-held districts , " Haynes said . "  This is because coastal communities are historically more diverse and concerned about issues like the environment that carry less importance inland . "	Disgraced former Gov. Mark Sanford won a runoff for U.S. House seat in South Carolina He 'll now face Democrat Elizabeth Colbert Busch , sister of "  The Colbert Report " star National Democrats started attacks against Sanford shortly after Tuesday 's win While GOP acknowledges Sanford 's liabilities , his district might be more forgiving than others
EW.com  -- The ladies of Litchfield really are a family : The cast and crew of Netflix 's Orange Is the New Black has banded together to raise funds for series costar Michelle Hurst , who suffered serious injuries in a car accident in December . Hurst â $ " who plays Miss Claudette on Orange â $ " "  had major injuries so the doctors put her in a medically induced coma to avoid movement while they did multiple surgeries near her spine , " the team explains on a fundraising page for their comrade . "  She is out of the coma  after 16 days  and has opened her eyes ! We ca n't send flowers yet because she is in ICU at UNC Chapel Hill Hospital . So we have set up a fundraising page , " the text continues . "  All the money will go through Michelle 's sister to help pay for her medical expenses & time off of work . " The page has already exceeded its fundraising goal of $ 5,000 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actress Michelle Hurst was hurt in a car crash She was placed in a medically-induced coma Her cast is raising money for her
CNN  -- Heavily armed militants staged an attack on a U.N. peacekeepers ' base that was sheltering civilians in South Sudan on Thursday , killing at least 48 people and seriously injuring dozens more , a U.N. spokesman in the country said Friday . The attack on the U.N. base in Bor , the capital of Jonglei state , began when militants used rocket-propelled grenades to breach the compound , U.N. spokesman Joseph Contreras said . Contreras said the gunmen then opened fire at the base , where peacekeepers had been hosting and protecting nearly 5,000 civilians . Details about how the attack ended were not immediately available , but the death toll is expected to rise , Contreras said . A search of the site continued Friday , he said . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon strongly condemned the violence . Ban called the attack a "  serious escalation . " Any attack on U.N. peacekeepers is "  unacceptable and constitutes a war crime , " the Ban said in a statement released on Thursday . He also called on the government to take immediate steps to protect all U.N. bases in the country . South Sudan erupted in violence in mid-December when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup to oust President Salva Kiir . Since then , militia loyal to Machar have battled government forces . Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . But numerous armed groups have remained active in the oil-rich country .	Militants use rocket-propelled grenades to attack U.N. base in Bor Death toll is expected to rise , U.N. spokesman says South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war
CNN  -- Philip K. Dick 's stories of warped realities , paranoid delusions and authoritarian nightmares have made him arguably the most influential science fiction writer in Hollywood  not that the movie industry has a monopoly on these things you understand  . Yet the film versions of his stories -- "  Blade Runner , " "  The Adjustment Bureau , " "  Paycheck " -- give a highly sanitized , streamlined impression of his work . An inferior remake of 1990 's Paul Verhoeven movie , "  Total Recall " is inspired by the short story "  We Can Remember It for You Wholesale , " about a clerk who dreams of going to Mars , but gets memory implants of the trip as the next best thing  or does he ?  . The 1990 version of "  Total Recall " starred Arnold Schwarzenegger . In the new movie , the guy , Doug Quaid  Colin Farrell  , commutes halfway around the world from Australia -- "  The Colony " -- to the only other liveable land left , the United Federation of Britain , to work on an assembly line putting together robots . Miserable about his lot in life , and plagued with a strange recurring dream , Doug takes a trip to Rekall , where they promise to make his fantasies feel true . "  You could be a spy , " they tell him . "  Work for the Resistance . Or the Leader . Or better yet , both . " Then , just as they inject him , the company is raided in a hail of bullets , and Quaid is running for his life , no longer sure of who he is or what he believes . Screenwriter Kurt Wimmer  "  Salt , " "  Equilibrium "  has cut Mars out of the proceedings entirely , but he 's also eviscerated the playful , post-modern wit that spiced Verhoeven 's proudly gory shoot-em-up . The new PG-13 "  Total Recall " can still be read both ways , as the story of a "  sleeper " agent who wakes up or the story of an ordinary Joe 's escapist fantasy . But either way it 's an infinitely more pedestrian entertainment , essentially a long succession of repetitive chase scenes , hollow explosions and the kind of speech balloon dialogue that reduces even good actors to robotic mode . Why is it Colin Farrell always seems so much more energized in supporting roles ? None of the new film 's innovations seems to have been thought through . Why would Britain be spared from a chemical apocalypse that claimed the rest of the Northern Hemisphere ? And more specifically , why would Westminster be spared from the fallout , while North London is a toxic wasteland ? Why would workers in the Colony commute , daily , by rocketship , to the other side of the globe to add rivets to robots ? Ca n't they get robots to do that ? What are the rebels rebelling against -- long commutes ? Presumably it 's intentional that Quaid 's wife , Lori  Kate Beckinsale  , could easily be the sister of Resistance fighter Melina  Jessica Biel  -- they might share the same plastic surgeon -- but if there was a point I suspect it wound up on the cutting room floor . As to the look of the film , the shunting gamer action sequences will have you itching for your handset while the teeming CGI almost makes the much-discussed "  Blade Runner " sequel redundant . A rain-soaked , vertical metropolis fusing Asian and Occidental cultures , the Colony replicates Scott 's Los Angeles 2019 right down to the hover cars and parasols , switching Big Ben in for the Bradbury building . It has been given a digital gloss , but that might have been imported from yet another Dick movie , "  Minority Report . " Even the robots are cloned . In short , "  Underworld " director Len Wiseman has ransacked bigger , better imaginations to produce something that looks and sounds like a wholesale rip-off .	New film is a remake of the 1990 movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger This version stars Colin Farrell and Kate Beckinsale Reviewer calls new "  Total Recall " "  a wholesale rip-off "
Washington  CNN  -- No science or religion can accurately predict what will happen in Congress . But looking plainly at the political chess board and listening to sources on Capitol Hill , there is plenty of reason to think that a shutdown of the federal government wo n't happen , at least not next week . Here 's why : Politics . And blame . And 1996 . "  Let 's put it this way , " Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , told CNN . "  I 'm not about to shut down the government and have Republicans take the blame for it . It 's just that simple . " Bluntly , many Republicans fear they will be blamed for a shutdown , just months before a big congressional election year . This makes them highly motivated to find a way to keep government running . A CNN/ORC poll in mid-September showed 51 % of people would hold Republicans in Congress responsible for a shutdown versus 40 % for President Barack Obama . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , might already be in this camp . He initially proposed a spending bill that would have avoided a standoff . Conservatives forced him to go to war with a different version fully defunding Obamacare , but Boehner 's opening move was an important signal that he wants to sidestep a shutdown . Main Street fed up over Beltway shutdown battle There may be some learned behavior from history here , too . "  I saw this movie before , I saw what happened before , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , talking about the sting Republicans felt after the shutdowns in 1995 and 1996 . "  That 's what happened the last time we tried this , " he concluded . Bottom line : Ideal or not , Congress runs on political currency . And multiple House GOP aides tell CNN that the majority of the Republicans in their conference fear a shutdown would cost them with voters . The next fights Republicans are divided over how far to take the Obamacare battle right now . And GOP leaders also are preparing a second Obamacare fight during the upcoming debt ceiling debate . So , they have the option of dropping the anti-Obamacare push from the shutdown debate now and instead including it in the debt ceiling fight coming up . At the same time , Democrats are eager to get past the shutdown debate so they can move on to the debt ceiling and start to deal with yet another fight : budget cuts slated to hit in January at the latest . The numbers Republicans have 233 members in the House , 16 votes more than a majority . Those 233 are divided over how far to take the Obamacare fight , over whether to ultimately shut down government in the name of defunding the health care law . This year , funding measures repeatedly have passed the House of Representatives with a bipartisan coalition . Take a look at the Superstorm Sandy funding vote . Or the last debt ceiling increase . Or the March vote to avoid a government shutdown . Sure , every vote is different . But a bipartisan safety net has magically rolled out during the last funding standoffs . Deadline pressure Something happens in the day or two before a potential shutdown . Whatever the atmosphere and seemingly-firm positioning now , things will ramp up fast if Congress gets closer to a shutdown , especially a shutdown that would go in place during a work week . Workers ask if they will be sent home without pay . Troops  and their families  worry if their paychecks will be delayed . Families may start to cancel vacations . That is the moment when incredible political pressure against a shutdown builds . The deadline itself Finally , we come to a public secret . The government does not necessarily have to shut down at the end of the day on September 30 . Yes , at midnight , funding officially runs out for most programs . But if lawmakers are close to a deal , the president can order agencies to keep running for a few hours or perhaps even a day or two for Congress to pass the legislation . CNN Fact Checks : Obamacare This has happened before . Recently . At midnight at the end of April 8 , 2011 , the funding for most agencies officially ran out . But Democrats and Republicans had struck a funding deal a few hours before , it just had not passed through Congress yet . So the Obama administration told agencies to hold off with any shutdown plans because a spending bill was likely to become law soon . In that case , it waived just a few hours of shutdown , but sources in both parties at the Capitol have confirmed that the president can do this for a longer period if a deal is emerging . Again , Congress works best on deadlines , and the shutdown deadline is not quite as firm as people might think . Why a shutdown  still  might happen All this said , you can not underestimate the swirling , unpredictable dynamics in Congress at the moment and Republicans ' gut-level objections to Obamacare . Once the Senate passes its version of a spending bill , House Republicans are considering attaching another item to it . That could be a one-year delay in the individual insurance mandate in Obamacare , a repeal of a medical device tax , a change in how the government handles congressional employee health plans or possibly something in support of the Keystone pipeline . How this affects you A spending bill with something Republicans want and Democrats do n't would set up a late game of chicken between the House , Senate and president . If no one blinks , which is possible , this would lead to a shutdown . It 's unclear whether House Republicans will do this . It is also unclear how Democrats would react . But this scenario is the reason there is still a chance a shutdown could happen .	The federal government is facing a possible shutdown next week The government has been here before in 1995 and 1996 History may give Congress pause before embarking on another shutdown
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Army sergeant complained about faulty wiring in Iraq months before another soldier was fatally electrocuted in a shower in the same quarters , according to documents released Wednesday by a congressional committee . Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in his shower January 2 . Sgt. Justin Hummer filled out a work order in July 2007 that warned , "  Pipes have voltage , get shocked in the shower . " Hummer told investigators from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that at least once , he had to use a wooden stick to turn off the shower "  because the electrical current was so strong . " Army records show that electricians from contractor Kellogg , Brown and Root found "  several safety issues concerning the improper grounding of electrical devices " in February 2007 . In January 2008 , Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth was electrocuted in a shower in the same quarters where Hummer lived the previous summer . A follow-up investigation "  found nearly all of the same problems and deficiencies that had been reported one year previously , " a committee report states . Maseth and Hummer had been based at a Saddam Hussein-era palace complex near the Baghdad airport . Hummer 's concerns were not shared with the Defense Department 's inspector-general 's office . That office concluded that there was "  no credible evidence " that KBR and the Pentagon agency that oversees defense contractors were aware of electrical problems at the facility , committee Chairman Henry Waxman said during a Wednesday hearing . But the Pentagon 's inspector-general , Gordon Heddell , said that his investigators "  have absolved no one " and that he was not aware of the work orders Hummer filed . "  They 're certainly very dramatic , and they certainly are documents that we will have to spend a lot of time looking at , " he said . Waxman , D-California , has led a House investigation into a series of electrical accidents in Iraq that he said may have been responsible for the deaths of 19 U.S. troops and contractors . But in the first appearance by a KBR executive before the panel , the company 's Baghdad engineering and construction manager blamed the Army for the deaths . "  The reality is that KBR 's actions were not the cause of any of these terrible accidents , " Tom Bruni said . KBR is a former subsidiary of the oilfield-services giant Halliburton , once led by Vice President Dick Cheney , and it holds the largest U.S. service contract in Iraq . Bruni 's argument drew sharp questions from Rep. Tom Davis , the committee 's ranking Republican , who pressed him on who was responsible for the deaths . "  I think that the Army has some responsibility in this , " Bruni said . "  Well , if they have some , who would have the rest ? " the Virginia representative asked . "  Just conceivably , who else could have it , if the Army just has some responsibility ? Would KBR have some then ? " "  The responsibility lies with the Army , " Bruni replied . He said the Army never authorized the electrical repairs identified in early 2007 or in a follow-up report that November . But Waxman said the Army had been warning of electrical hazards in Iraq since 2004 , including one fatality similar to Maseth 's . A report that year warned U.S. commanders that contractors must properly ground electrical systems . "  But despite these warnings , few actions were taken by Pentagon leadership or KBR officials , " Waxman said . Jeffrey Parsons , executive director of the Army Contracting Command , said the service does not have the expertise to adequately oversee contractors ' electrical work . The service is working with the Corps of Engineers "  to obtain this expertise , " Parsons said . Maseth 's parents have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit in a Pennsylvania court against KBR . Despite the attention focused on the issue by Waxman 's committee , Sen. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , said that poor wiring remains "  a genuine danger to our men and women serving in Iraq . " "  My office has heard from several active-duty soldiers a report that as recently as three weeks ago , soldiers in Iraq continued to receive electrical shocks on a regular basis as they carry out their daily activities , including taking showers , " Casey told the committee . Do you have a tip or story idea ? Send it to the CNN : Special Investigations Unit . CNN 's Abbie Boudreau , Scott Bronstein and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	Sergeant complained about bad wiring months before another soldier died Soldier testified Wednesday that he sent a work order to fix the problem in 2007 Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth was electrocuted in a shower in the same quarters in 2008 Executive from electrical contractor KBR blamed Army for wiring issue
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- It 's not just t-t-t-telephones for Lady Gaga . The mega-famous pop star came to the Consumer Electronics Show on Thursday to announce a new line of cameras and photo printers with Polaroid , where she is officially the "  creative director . " Polaroid "  really let me put my hands in there and design this s -- myself , " she said . Polaroid 's Grey Label product line , which is n't available yet , will feature sunglasses with a camera embedded in them , a camera that shoots digital and Polaroid images and a portable photo printer that Gaga says she takes to bars with her -- in her purse . "  I suppose many of you are nerdy enough to carry around a mobile printer , " she said , acknowledging the technophiles in attendance . "  I know I will . " Wearing sunglasses , a black dress and a dark veil , Gaga looked somewhat like Jackie O at a funeral as she took a picture of the audience and printed it on the new Polaroid printer , which creates 3-by-4-inch images that look like classic Polaroids . Video : Watch Lady Gaga introduce camera-equipped sunglasses "  Smile ! You 're so f -- ing famous ! " she said , snapping the shot . "  Oh no , wait , I just took a photo of Canon . Let me go back . " The presentation took place at Polaroid 's booth on the trade show floor at CES . Canon -- a competitor -- had a booth and large ads set up within view . The Polaroid GL20 image-capturing sunglasses , which are a protoype , store photos on a chip in the earpiece of the glasses . Lady Gaga said she had a heavy hand in designing the frames , which sat on a gold mannequin during the short presentation . The over-size glasses covered a good half of the mannequin 's face , coming almost down to its lips . "  You can come to one of my shows and wear them , " she said . "  Take pictures of me dancing on stage . " The GL10 printer , available for $ 150 in March , connects to phones via Bluetooth , allowing for on-the-go prints .  It does n't work yet for the iPhone , a fact that , when revealed by Gaga , got boos and cheers from the audience  . What CES devices interest you the most ? Share your thoughts The GL30 camera , which will be out by the holiday season , takes both digital and Polaroid prints . A future version will connect to the internet so the shots can be uploaded to social media sites . This version does not , she said . "  I think it 's sexy , it 's sleek and it 's hearty , " she said . "  It 's not heavy but it feels good in your hand . " In working on the Gray Label line , Lady Gaga said Polaroid asked her what she thought the camera of the future would be . "  This is ! " she recalls responding , holding up her BlackBerry . The new printer is intended to cater to this cell-phone-photo crowd . But many websites and apps now convert smartphone photos with filters , making them look like old-school Polaroids or like they 've been taken with toy cameras . Those can be printed on any other available photo printer , although not always on-the-go . Some techie attendees at CES waited more than an hour to see Lady Gaga 's announcement , and at least a few started to grow restless when she took the stage more than 40 minutes late . While some of them booed the empty stage , others stood anxiously , holding their cell phone-cameras in the air for minutes at a time . But Gaga was n't first to take the stage . That was Polaroid Chairman Bobby Sager , who was greeted by boos from the audience . He did n't seem to mind . "  This will be very quick because I know you do n't want to listen to me , " he said .	New line includes camera in a pair of sunglasses New printer will connect to phones via Bluetooth Gaga is Polaroid 's creative director
The Arab world 's relationship with media is -- like the region itself -- complicated and often contradictory and one that has been changing rapidly since the Arab Spring . While social media as emerged as a powerful new means of communication and news , two new surveys on media in the region have revealed its rise has not necessarily led to the demise of older , more established media . TV is the most popular  but not most trusted  news source Last month , ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller published their fifth annual Arab Youth Survey . The survey was the result of 3,000 face-to-face interviews with men and women aged 18-24 across 15 different countries in the Middle East and North Africa . While 72 % of those polled listed TV as their main source of news , only 40 % listed it as a trusted source of information -- down from 60 % in 2011 . "  There 's a big family market in the Middle East . You sit in a living room with your parents or peers and watch TV . During Ramadan , it 's the biggest activity . But that does n't mean you trust it , " notes Sunil John , the CEO of ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller . According to John , TV is continuing to lose credibility , particularly as the region 's two biggest broadcasters -- Al-Jazeera and Al-Arabiya -- have each taken notably strong stances on Egypt 's political climate ; Al-Jazeera allegedly pro the ousted Muslim Brotherhood-president Mohamed Morsy and Al-Arabiya in the anti camp . Read more : Iran 's political cartoonists push boundaries "  Most Arabic TV has been questioned in terms of its editorial stance . That two of the region 's most prominent stations are taking a pro- and anti- stance in countries such as Egypt is one of the most discussed issues on the ` Arab street , ' " he says . Matt Duffy , a former journalism professor at the UAE 's Zayed University , said he was n't surprised by the findings . "  I think more youths are noticing that information is different depending on what media outlet you 're turned into , " he says . "  Also , the students were far more connected to social media . They were checking their BlackBerry devices far more than turning on the TV . " Social media has changed the landscape considerably . In 2011 , nobody polled listed social media as a trusted source of news and only 11 % rated online media . This year , 26 % said they trust websites , and 22 % social media . For Duffy the increased trust in these outlets is n't necessarily a good thing . "  I found many of my students had trust in anything : Twitter , blogs , newspapers , Tumblr , TV . Many would see a tweet and just assume it must be true . " Internet freedom is valued , but so is regulation Northwestern University in Qatar also published a survey last month , focusing primarily on media usage in the region . The survey polled 10,000 individuals across eight countries on their media views , and found that , for the most part , Arabs believe in freedom of expression online ; 61 % of those polled in the region agreed with the statement "  It is okay for people to express their ideas on the internet , even if they are unpopular . " Saudi Arabian citizens voiced this view most strongly , with 76 % agreeing with the statement . Conversely , Saudis were also the biggest proponents of curbing internet freedom ; 62 % agreed that the internet should be more tightly regulated in their country . Across the region , half of those polled agreed . "  There 's an enormous inconsistency there , " says Everette Dennis , the Dean and CEO of Northwestern University in Qatar , and one of the survey 's authors . Dennis attributes the discrepancy to the region 's acceptance of constraints on freedom of speech . Read more : Arab youth find comic relief with stand-up "  Whether people see it that way or not , the idea of blasphemy is alive and well in the Middle East . It 's blasphemous to have anti-Islam material online , and there 's a general acceptance in monarchies that one does not criticize the leader . You can criticize the head of state , but not the emir . I gather there 's this acceptance that it 's the way it is . " A free media does not equal a trusted media Some countries Dennis surveyed were predictably cautious of their media . In Egypt and Tunisia , only around one quarter of those polled agreed that news media in their country was credible . Other countries , however showed less predictable results . In Saudi Arabia , for example , where media is tightly controlled , 74 % believed their news was trustworthy . In Lebanon , which has more freedom of press , only 25 % agreed . "  It 's counter-intuitive , " admits Dennis . He believes that , in fact , increased access to media , coupled with diversity , have a hand in shaping the results . "  There 's limited access to media in Saudi ; there 's almost a sense of gratitude for having web access at all . That could be one factor . Lebanon is also much more diverse , so you get more viewpoints , and with it , more controversy . "	Two separate surveys highlight the Middle East 's complicated relationship with its media . One poll finds that while most Arabs rely on TV for their news , few find it reliable . The two top broadcasters in the region may have damaged their credibility with their strong political leanings . Many living without press freedoms still find their media trustworthy .
CNN  -- Police in Nigeria 's capital Tuesday made a U-turn , saying a ban on protests in support of the more than 200 girls kidnapped in April does not exist . The ban was issued one day earlier by Commissioner Joseph Mbu . "  The Police High Command wishes to inform the general public that the Force has not issued any order banning peaceful assemblies/protests anywhere in Nigeria , " his office said in a statement . "  It notes however that against the backdrop of current security challenges in the country , coupled with a recent intelligence report of a likely infiltration and hijack of otherwise innocuous and peaceful protests by some criminal elements having links with insurgents , the Police only issued advisory notice , enjoining citizens to apply caution in the said rallies , particularly in the Federal Capital Territory and its environs , " the statement read . On Monday , the commissioner said the proliferation of such protests was "  posing a serious security threat " in the capital city of Abuja . "  Information reaching us is that too soon dangerous elements will join the groups under the guise of protest and detonate explosive  s  aimed at embarrassing the government . Accordingly protests on the Chibok Girls is hereby banned with immediate effect , " his office said in its original statement . More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria in April by Boko Haram , an act that drew international condemnation . The terror group abducted an estimated 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . Nigerians and others have accused their government of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect the girls seized in the dead of night . Authorities ' apparent change of heart came after an outcry on the part of protesters . One group , #BringBackOurGirls , threatened legal action . "  Our Movement is legitimate and lawful and can not be arrested by the police whose responsibility is to enforce , not betray the law , " it said in a statement . An adviser to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan sought to explain the apparent contradiction . "  This present administration has never , ever tried to violate anybody 's rights . We believe in human rights , we believe in citizens ' rights , " Doyin Okupe told CNN 's Isha Sesay . "  The police command has come to further clear the statement . " "  The ban that the commissioner of police in Abuja proclaimed is like asking people , look , before you go on a protest , you have to come to the police , to come and clear with the police and let us work together to ensure that nobody 's life is in danger , " he said . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The military actually knows where the girls are , "  but as you will understand , you just can not storm a place like that , " Okupe said . He added : "  I believe that by God 's grace , we are very near the end of this whole unfortunate saga . " CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau , Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .	The ban was on protests in support of more than 200 kidnapped girls Police : Citizens should "  apply caution " at such rallies The schoolgirls were kidnapped from northern Nigeria in April
London  CNN  -- It is an unlikely collaboration : She is a fashion designer whose creations have been worn by Madonna , Michael Jackson and Prince while he is a world-renowned polymer chemist . But together , Helen Storey and Tony Ryan are fusing style and substance to create clothes that purify the air we breathe . Their "  Catalytic Clothing " venture makes use of existing self-cleaning technology found in paints and glass which employ photocatalysts to break down harmful airborne pollutants like nitrous oxide emitted by cars and factories . Applying it to clothing is novel though , and potentially far more effective says Ryan , the pro-vice chancellor at the UK 's University of Sheffield . Some rough calculations done while attending a "  really boring meeting " at the UK 's Royal Society of Chemistry , revealed that his suit had a surface area of about 80-square meters . "  The fibers are long and thin , so they have a very high surface area per unit mass , " Ryan said . "  We already knew that we could get self-cleaning windows and paints . But I thought if I put a catalyst  titanium dioxide  on that surface I can do a lot of environmental clean-up , " he added . When ultraviolet light hits titanium dioxide it causes pollutants to break down into non-harmful chemicals . Working with Ecover  manufacturers of ecological cleaning products  Storey and Ryan are hoping to deliver the technology through a fabric conditioner with nano-particles of titanium dioxide attaching themselves to clothes during a normal washing cycle . It 's a vital technical but also democratic component to Ryan and Storey 's approach . "  Rather than going down the traditional fashion route , which make a brand a pre-condition for something to happen , it 's taking advantage of human behavior as it exists -- we all wash our clothes , we all walk in the street , " Storey explains . "  We are empowering people 's existing wardrobes with a technology that will allow them to have a significant impact on the quality of air we breathe , " she added . "  We found out , rather wonderfully , that it works particularly well on denim jeans , " she added while pointing out that there are more pairs of jeans than people on the planet . Ryan estimates that a pair of jeans weighing 500 grams could absorb around two grams of pollution . Storey 's journey away from commercial fashion to her current role -- she runs her own foundation and is currently professor of fashion and science at The London College of Fashion -- began in 1997 with an exhibition called Primitive Streak . Working with her sister Kate  a developmental biologist  she created 27 dresses which depicted the first 1,000 hours of human life . Other projects blending science with art followed before she met Ryan in 2005 collaborating on the Wonderland project where they explored sustainable ideas for packaging and environmentally-friendly fashion , which in turn inspired their latest venture . A four-minute film featuring British model Erin O'Connor and music by Radiohead was launched last year to promote the project and engage the public in the process . Ryan and Storey say more testing needs to be done to assess how the particles released during washing affect the water supply , but they 're confident a product could be on the market within the next two years . Frank Kelly , professor of environmental health at King 's College London , and an adviser on the project , says air pollution is a major challenge in the 21st century and such initiatives could help . "  We need everything possible to deal with the pollution problem in big cities and this is one more approach that has been suggested could be helpful , " Kelly said . "  I think the technology has been proven in the laboratory but what we need now is a demonstration that it works in the real world , " he added . It will also help get the message out about the dangers of pollution , he says . "  My ultimate stance is that we need to make less pollution as a society and then we wo n't need to come up with fancy and potentially expensive methodologies to solve the problem . "	Catalytic Clothing project creates clothes that can purify city air Clothes are coated in titanium dioxide which is used in self-cleaning glass Nanoparticles added to fabric conditioner which cling to clothes during washing Venture is joint effort of UK fashion designer Helen Storey and polymer chemist Tony Ryan
EW.com  -- TNT has offed "  Mob City . " Based on the book by John Buntin , the limited series from "  The Walking Dead " creator Frank Darabont ran for three weeks on the cable net to disappointing results .  The premiere only notched 2.3 million viewers and went down from there . Sharon Stone joins TNT pilot as first female U.S. vice president TNT said in a statement Monday it had decided not to order any more episodes , but that it remained "  proud " of the series . " ` Mob City ' was created as a three-week television event and we are incredibly proud of the six hours we presented of this remarkable drama , " a TNT spokesperson said . Frank Darabont : ` I 'm not out to prove anything ' on ` Mob City ' "  Although the ratings of the limited series have n't warranted more hours we are eager to work with Frank Darabont again and were delighted to bring the vibrant world of ` Mob City ' to life . " "  Mob City " starred "  Walking Dead " alum Jon Bernthal , Ed Burns , and Neal McDonough . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Frank Darabont 's "  Mob City " has been canceled at TNT The three-week TV event premiered to disappointing results TNT has decided not to order more episodes
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Prosecutors can play tapes of 911 calls made by Florida murder suspect Casey Anthony 's mother after she learned her granddaughter was missing , a judge ruled Thursday . Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony , admitted during a hearing Thursday in Orlando that she had made exaggerated accusations about her daughter in those calls in a bid to get police to her home . But Circuit Judge Belvin Perry ruled that Cindy Anthony was trying to use calls to police as a "  ploy " to get her daughter to tell her what she knew about the missing 2-year-old Caylee Anthony . Defense lawyers sought to have thrown out of court as hearsay , but Perry found the tapes were not being used to prove the facts of the case . "  Whether they are true or false really has no bearing , " Perry said . "  They were designed to elicit statements from the defendant in this case , to ascertain the whereabouts of the victim in this particular case . " Casey Anthony is charged with capital murder in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee 's death . The girl was reported missing two years ago Thursday , and defense attorneys were trying to keep recordings of her mother Cindy 's three 911 calls out of evidence . Facing her daughter in an Orlando courtroom , Cindy Anthony said she told police "  whatever I was thinking at the time to get them out there " -- including the claim , made in her first of three 911 calls , that her daughter had stolen a car from her . "  I wanted to speak to a police officer , " Cindy Anthony said . "  And I did n't think that if I said that she would n't take me to see my granddaughter , that they thought her and I might just be having an argument and think that I was some crazy grandmother and not come out and talk to me . " But she testified that she was in a panic after Casey Anthony told her that she had n't seen her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in a month . Cindy Anthony told police her daughter had stolen money from her and that she had asked Casey Anthony to return her car to her brother Lee , from whom she had purchased the Pontiac but never finished paying . She said she did not intend to mislead police with the calls , however . And by the third call , she told investigators that her daughter 's vehicle smelled "  like there 's been a dead body in the damn car . " And Lee Anthony testified Thursday that he tried to get more information out of his sister while their "  frantic " mother yelled at her . "  She was very angry , " he said . "  Her first reaction was she had a clenched fist and hit the bed my sister was sitting on and said , ` What did you do ? We could have found her 31 days ago . ' " Caylee 's skeletal remains were found in the woods about a quarter mile from the Anthony home in December 2008 . Prosecutors say they plan to show Casey Anthony lied repeatedly about her daughter 's fate , and that the 911 calls are a critical part of that progression . The Anthony family had not seen the toddler or her mother since June 16 , 2008 . When Cindy Anthony found her daughter a month later , Caylee was n't with her . Cindy Anthony threatened to call the police , hoping it would force Casey Anthony to say where her daughter was . After two calls to the police , Casey Anthony admitted to her brother that she had not seen Caylee in 31 days and that she believed her daughter was with a nanny , Zenaida Gonzalez . The third and final call was placed immediately after Cindy Anthony overheard what Casey Anthony told her brother . Cindy Anthony seemed to be agitated and excited as she told the dispatcher that her granddaughter had been missing for a month . Cindy Anthony has since said that the odor emanating from the car could have been from rotting garbage . However , forensic examiners have concluded that Caylee 's decomposing body was in the trunk of the car at some point in late June 2008 . Thursday 's hearing was also expected to focus on a motion from the defense . It will ask the judge to modify a ruling by Judge Stan Strickland , who stepped aside in April . The motion concerns a review of documents from Texas Equusearch , a private company that assisted in the search for then-missing Caylee . While Strickland 's order allowed the defense attorneys to review thousands of documents created by Texas Equusearch , the attorneys were prohibited from taking notes during the review . The defense maintains the current arrangement is inefficient and it is seeking a more workable resolution . In Session Correspondent Beth Karas contributed to this report .	NEW : A Florida judge has allowed the 911 tapes to stay in evidence Mother : I did n't want police thinking I was "  some crazy grandmother " The defense argues that taped phone calls are hearsay and should not be admitted Prosecutors say calls are critical to their case against Anthony
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Thursday sent a civil nuclear agreement with the United Arab Emirates to the Senate for ratification , but its passage remains uncertain , thanks to a recently disclosed video . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan allegedly tortured a business associate on videotape . Senior U.S. officials said lawmakers critical of the deal could use the video , which shows a member of the UAE government 's royal family torturing a man , to argue the United States should not have such nuclear cooperation with a country where the rule of law is not respected and human rights violations are tolerated . The senior officials said the Obama administration deliberately held off sending the deal to Congress for ratification because of fears some lawmakers would try to use the video to undermine the agreement . But the administration felt comfortable sending the agreement to Congress at this time , officials said , given that there has been little reaction to the release of the video except for a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier this month from U.S. Rep. James McGovern -- the Massachusetts Democrat who co-chairs the congressional Human Rights Commission . Watch how the video came to light " McGovern expressed "  outrage and concern " and asked Clinton to "  place a temporary hold on further U.S. expenditures of funds , training , sales or transfers of equipment or technology , including nuclear , until a full review of this matter and its policy implications can be completed . " He issued a statement Wednesday after Obama signed the agreement , saying he would not support the deal until the UAE addresses his "  very grave concerns " about its human rights record . In the video , an Afghan grain dealer is seen being tortured by Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , a member of the royal family of Abu Dhabi , one of the UAE 's seven emirates , whose leaders also run the federal government . The government has since arrested the sheikh , pending a full investigation . The video emerged in a federal civil lawsuit filed in Houston , Texas , by Bassam Nabulsi , a U.S. citizen , against the sheikh . The men , former business partners , had a falling out , in part over the video . In a statement to CNN , the sheikh 's U.S. attorney said Nabulsi is using the videotape to influence the court over a business dispute . The U.S.-UAE pact is similar to one the United States signed last year with India . Under it , Washington would share nuclear technology , expertise and fuel . In exchange , the UAE would commit to abide by the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and International Atomic Energy Agency inspection safeguards . The small oil-rich Gulf nation promises not to enrich uranium or to reprocess spent nuclear fuel to extract plutonium , which can be used to make nuclear bombs . A statement issued Thursday by the State Department said the deal will "  serve as a model for responsible nuclear energy development " in the Middle East . "  The UAE agreement contains the strongest nonproliferation conditions of any negotiated by the United States , " the statement said . Of special note , it said , is the UAE 's commitment to obtain nuclear fuel from reliable and responsible suppliers rather than pursue indigenous uranium enrichment and reprocessing , fuel cycle activities that pose the most serious proliferation risks . This commitment "  is reflected within the agreement as a legally binding obligation on the part of the UAE , " the State Department said . The civil nuclear agreement was signed in January by the Bush administration , but had to be recertified because it was not approved before Obama took office . The deal is part of a major UAE investment in nuclear energy , and the government has already signed deals to build several nuclear power plants . UAE Ambassador Yousef Al Otaiba said his country will "  seriously consider " U.S. companies to implement the program . The United States already has similar nuclear cooperation agreements with Egypt and Morocco , and U.S. officials said Washington is working on similar pacts with Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and Jordan . The United States has praised the UAE 's development of nuclear energy , a stark contrast to criticism of Iran , which is suspected of attempting to enrich uranium for a nuclear bomb . But UAE 's ties to Iran have caused concern . Iran is among the UAE 's largest trading partners . In the past , the port city of Dubai has been used as a transit point for sensitive technology bound for Iran . Dubai also was one of the major hubs for the nuclear trafficking network run by Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan , who admitted spreading nuclear technology to Iran , North Korea and Libya up until the year 2000 . He was eventually pardoned by the Pakistani government . Such ties contributed to stiff opposition in Congress to the failed deal for Dubai Ports World to manage U.S. ports . Some in Congress have expressed concern that the new deal could fuel an arms race and proliferation in the region . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , has said she was "  deeply disappointed " the United States signed a "  flawed agreement . " "  Transferring nuclear technology and know-how to this unproven partner is inconsistent with the administration 's expressed commitment to the pursuit of stronger nonproliferation controls , " Ros-Lehtinen said in a statement after Obama signed the agreement . "  The UAE 's long history as a conduit for Iran 's nuclear weapons program , its failure to fully implement effective export controls , and the danger of expanding nuclear facilities and expertise in the Middle East make this agreement a dangerous precedent . " She introduced legislation earlier this year that would prevent the agreement from going into effect until the president certifies that the UAE has met a number of conditions regarding export controls and terrorist financing .	Obama sends nuclear agreement with the United Arab Emirates to the Senate Recently released video shows member of UAE royal family torturing a man Co-chair of congressional Human Rights Commission opposes deal
CNN  -- The man who police say plowed his vehicle into a California Walmart , where he then attacked several customers , was booked Monday on four counts of assault with a deadly weapon and resisting arrest . Haamid Zaid , 33 , of Seaside , California , is suspected of having been under the influence of drugs , but the motive is under investigation , according to Albert Morales , an officer with the San Jose Police Department . "  Once Mr. Zaid emerged from the vehicle , he used some type of metal object to attack people , " Morales said of the Sunday incident at the San Jose store . The suspect was later subdued by a group of customers until police arrived , he said One of the victims , a 61-year-old man , was transported to an area hospital . The injury was considered serious but not life-threatening . Three other unidentified victims were treated for injuries at the scene and released , authorities said . Detectives are reviewing surveillance video to help determine how the vehicle plowed into the store and whether the crash was intentional . Police : Man plows vehicle into a Walmart , assault customers CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report	A man plowed his vehicle into a San Jose Walmart on Sunday , police say Haamid Zaid , 33 , of Seaside , California , faces four counts of assault with a deadly weapon A 61-year-old man was transported to a hospital with a serious injury
Perhaps it 's the recent launch of Google + Pages for brands . Perhaps it 's because Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg called Google + a "  little version of Facebook . " Or perhaps people just enjoy battles between tech titans . Whatever the reason , I 've been asked at least three times in the past week about whether Google + , Google 's social networking service , will ever beat Facebook . Wrong question . Facebook is the undisputed champion of social networking , with more than 800 million active users . It 's deeply interwoven with the Web -- its social plug-ins are now part of millions of websites , and an entire ecosystem of applications relies on Facebook for social functions . If Google 's aim with Google + was to topple Facebook , that 's an audacious goal . Based on the current growth rates of both companies , it would n't seem to be a bet you could win . Toppling Facebook becomes more challenging as that site continues to keep pace -- adding new features along with users . Friend circles , a distinctive feature of Google + at launch , were added to Facebook in the following months , removing a major incentive to switch . What 's more , Facebook 's launch of the "  Subscribe " feature -- which lets you follow public updates from a user -- further erodes the advantages of using a service like Google + or Twitter . Google did n't promote Google + as a "  Facebook killer , " however . Far from it . The search giant instead explained that it was building a "  social layer " to bind its services together . That promise is now being delivered upon : A Google + activity bar now runs across the top of Google Docs , Google Search , Gmail and virtually every other Google service . The real value of Google + is a very small feature indeed : The +1 button . This little widget -- Google 's answer to the Facebook Like button -- is an acknowledgment that links are no longer the only way to rank websites . Instead , people are increasingly discovering content through their friends on social networks . For Google , a company that ranks Web content based on the links between pages , that 's a very scary change that undermines the organization 's core search-engine service . So what did Google do ? It launched a social service and put these buttons on almost all of its pages to start collecting some of those social signals . Now those little +1 votes being cast around the Web are starting to change the order of Google 's search results , helping to keep Google in line with the social trend . If Google 's aim was to create its own source of social voting data and avoid a nightmarish outcome -- being forced to rank your search results based solely on your Facebook connections -- then , by its own standards , Google + is not a failure . Can Google win the social war outright ? My guess is no . Nonetheless , Google could still make a big move to increase the odds : It could acquire Twitter , gaining ownership of one of the biggest databases of social signals on the Internet . Meanwhile , "  social " is not the only battle raging in technology circles . There 's also the fight for the mobile Web : Mobile operating systems and app stores are perhaps a bigger opportunity than the social trend . And while Google is the market leader in mobile operating systems , Facebook merely has a few apps  albeit the most popular ones  . So Facebook , the big blue social network , may be winning a battle with Google + but is losing the mobile war with Google at large . Can Google + beat Facebook ? I think the better question might be "  Is Google better off with Google + ? " The answer , I think , is a clear yes .	Facebook is the champion of social networking , with more than 800 million active users Facebook 's launch of the "  Subscribe " button puts Google + and Twitter at a disadvantage The real value of Google + is a very small feature indeed : The +1 button Mobile operating systems and app stores are perhaps a bigger opportunity than the social trend
CNN  -- A Philadelphia police detective made a promise to a devastated mother : "  I 'm bringing your girl home . " On Wednesday , the promise was kept . Carlesha Freeland-Gaither was found alive , three days after her abduction was captured on a surveillance video in Philadelphia and sparked an all-out manhunt , FBI special agent in charge Ed Hanko told reporters . Freeland-Gaither was found in Jessup , Maryland , southwest of Baltimore , and a suspect was taken into custody , he said . The suspect has been identified as Delven Barnes , 37 , Hanko said . Barnes is currently being held on a Virginia warrant for attempted capital murder in another case and "  then he will be charged federally with the crimes here in Philadelphia , " Hanko said . Authorities credited the public with help in identifying the suspect and his vehicle . "  Tonight we surveilled that vehicle in the area of Jessup , Maryland , " Hanko said . " ... When the subject exited the vehicle , that 's when Ms.  Freeland-Gaither  was recovered . " Freeland-Gaither is in "  good shape " but has some injuries , he said . She has been taken to a hospital and "  she is talking to the agents , " according to Hanko . Freeland-Gaither 's mother , Keisha Gaither , thanked authorities and the public for helping to locate her daughter . Then she hugged the unidentified detective . "  He brought my baby home , " she said . The kidnapping is believed to be a "  stranger abduction , " Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said on CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday night . "  That 's the way it looks now . Of course , we are in the process of interviewing her now , " he said . The news Freeland-Gaither was found alive follows reports that someone used her bank card in Maryland a day after she was abducted . A man used Freeland-Gaither 's ATM card at 6:01 a.m. Monday at a bank in Aberdeen . Police had earlier said the ATM card was used on Tuesday . Aberdeen is about 75 miles from the Philadelphia street where the 22-year-old woman was forced into a car on Sunday night , Philadelphia police Chief Inspector Dennis Wilson told reporters earlier . Wilson did n't say how the card was used or whether cash was withdrawn . But he said surveillance video showed a man "  similar " to one who police say dragged and abducted Freeland-Gaither . A second video , also released on Tuesday but recorded about 24 hours earlier , shows a man police say they want to question in connection with the abduction . The time stamp on the video indicates it was also recorded just after 6 a.m. Monday . It shows a man in a dark hooded jacket making purchases at what appears to be a convenience store . No additional information was provided . On Wednesday , police released an additional video of a man , also wearing dark clothing , making a purchase at a convenience store . Police did n't immediately release the bank video . But authorities earlier released a video that they say shows Freeland-Gaither being accosted by an unknown man in Philadelphia 's Germantown-Penn Knox area around 9:40 p.m. on Sunday . That video , released Monday , shows a man approaching a woman near an intersection and then grabbing her and dragging her down a street , toward the camera . The released footage does n't include audio , but a witness reported that Freeland-Gaither yelled for help , police said . The video shows Freeland-Gaither tussling on the ground with her abductor and being forced into a four-door vehicle , which police say may be a gray Ford Taurus . Her glasses and cell phone were dropped onto the road during the struggle . Just before the vehicle pulled away , she broke out one of the passenger side windows , police said . Freeland-Gaither 's family told CNN affiliate WPVI that she worked as a nurse and was just blocks from her home when she was abducted . Investigators are n't sure whether she knew her abductor , though there 's no indication on the Philadelphia surveillance video that she did , Wilson said . Police have n't publicly talked about a possible motive . CNN 's Ed Payne , Jason Hanna , Ray Sanchez and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Appears to be a "  stranger abduction , " police official says "  He brought my baby home , " mother of abducted woman says of detective Delven Barnes has been arrested in connection with abduction The 22-year-old woman was forced into a car in Philadelphia on Sunday night
CNN  -- The FBI is investigating the death in Mexico of a man who was a U.S. service member , an agency spokesman said Thursday . Jose Gil Hernandez Ramirez was killed Wednesday in Ciudad Juarez . Hernandez was a member of the Texas National Guard , officials said Thursday . Hernandez , a private first class , was a fire direction sensor specialist assigned to Headquarters Battery 3rd Battalion , 133 Field Artillery , the National Guard said . The El Paso , Texas , resident , 22 , had been in the Guard since 2007 . "  The Texas National Guard family has lost a friend and fellow soldier and he will be missed , but more importantly the soldier 's family mourns the loss of a loved one , " the Guard said in a statement . "  At this time there is no more important and honored duty than to surround the family with our love , and support them through this very difficult time . " Hernandez was a student during the week and reported for National Guard duty on weekends and annual training . The FBI is working closely with the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command , said FBI spokesman Michael Martinez , who is based in El Paso , Texas . Hernandez was killed during a drive-by shooting , according to the Chihuahua Attorney General 's office . Ciudad Juarez is in the Mexican state of Chihuahua and shares a border with El Paso . Juarez is Mexico 's bloodiest city , with more than 2,500 drug-related deaths reported this year . Nationwide , more than 28,000 people have died in drug violence since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon took office and started his stepped-up campaign against organized crime . Because of the violence , Juarez is considered off-limits for the U.S. military . A memorandum at Fort Bliss in Texas prohibits soldiers from traveling into Chihuahua . In November , a member of the U.S. Air Force was among six people killed when gunmen entered a strip club in Ciudad Juarez and opened fire . Hernandez was standing on the street by a car when he was shot by gunmen about 1 p.m. , Mexican authorities said . A second person , Rafael Ramirez Reza , 22 , originally from Juarez , was also killed , said Carlos Gonzalez , spokesman for the Chihuahua Attorney General 's office . A third person who was not identified was injured in the shooting , Gonzalez said . A local newspaper , El Diario , said Ramirez was negotiating a car sale when he was shot . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : National Guard confirms the victim was one of theirs The 21-year-old man was killed in the border city of Ciudad Juarez Service members are asked to stay away from the border city
CNN  -- Golf returns to Olympics in 2016 after a 112-year hiatus and some of the greatest names in the sport are battling to put their name to the new course on which the event is to be played . 18-time majors winner Jack Nicklaus , South Africa 's Gary Player and Australia 's Greg Norman are well past their playing primes but the three legends are among eight finalists in the running to design the 18-hole course on which the Olympic golf tournament will be played in Rio de Janeiro in four years time . Gary Player Design , Greg Norman Golf Course Design and Nicklaus Design join Hawtree Ltd. , Hanse Golf Design , Renaissance Golf , Robert Trent Jones II and Thomson-Perret Golf Course Architects in the competition to design the course that will be built in the Barra da Tijuca area of Rio , the part of the city that will host the largest number of Olympic venues . The winner was scheduled to be announced by Rio Games organizers Friday . In soliciting bids for the course , Olympic organizers stipulated that it be available as a place for the public to play once the games end . "  After the Games , the course will be managed by a private operator with the chief purpose of promoting golf in Brazil and South America , representing one of the most important Games ' legacies for sport development in the country , " organizers said . For a nation of more than 200 million , Brazil has about 100 golf courses , many of those only nine holes . In contrast , South Carolina has more than four times that many courses with a population that 's just 2 % of Brazil 's . Nicklaus said the Olympic course can build golf in Brazil and across much of the world . "  I think the Olympics is the greatest thing that could happen to golf on an international basis , " the American said in 2010 , because it means governments will support the game by building courses that young people have access to , and some of those young people will turn to golf in search of glory . "  All the other parts of the world , if you look at the kids when they grow up , they do n't know about the Masters or the British Open or the PGA . They know about a gold medal . And the gold medal is the best you can get in a sport , " Nicklaus said . "  We have one chance for golf as an Olympic sport to stay in the Olympics . ... So we 've got to put our best foot forward . We 've got to get the best golf course . " In an interview with the Golf Channel , Norman emphasized the big responsibility taken on by whoever gets the Rio contract . "  Whoever gets the golf course design job , they have to be the spokesperson for golf in the Olympics , because golf is only in for 2016 . It has n't been voted in for 2020 . "  So whoever gets the job has to be beating the drum for the game of golf for the IOC for four years after that . They have to be a staunch proponent of the game of golf , " Norman said . And Norman echoed Nicklaus on the accessibility of the course . "  It has to be a course built for the general public at the end of the day . It ca n't be a private golf club , " Norman said . On his website , Player said he sees the Olympic course as an opportunity to grow the game around the world . "  The Olympics will expose millions of people in non-traditional golf markets to the game , and that is great for the sport , " Player said . "  This facility can , and should be , a catalyst for golf in Brazil long after the Olympic competition is complete . " Whichever group wins the Olympic bid , Norman says , they wo n't be doing it to make money . And that 's true . Organizers will pay $ 300,000 for the course design . Golf was last an Olympic event at the 1904 games in St. Louis , with Canada 's George Lyon winning the gold medal . Golf was also played at the 1900 Games in Paris . There was no women 's competition in golf in those games , but there will be in Rio . When making a pitch to Olympic organizers to include golf for 2016 , a younger LPGA star , Hawaii 's Michelle Wie , emphasized what it could mean to kids . "  For so many boys and girls around the world , their heroes have been Olympic athletes . Until today , I never thought there was any chance that I could share in that dream , " Wie said .	Jack Nicklaus , Greg Norman , Gary Player among eight finalists to design Olympic course Rio Olympic organizers scheduled to award design contract Friday Golf returns for 2016 Games , was last played in 1904 Competition will be for male and female competitors
CNN  -- He was an outspoken critic of one war , but a hero in another . He was a leading Democrat who came from Republican roots . He was a politician who cared more about being on the right side of an issue than on the popular side . George Stanley McGovern -- a staunch liberal who served South Dakota in the U.S. Senate and House for more than two decades and who ran unsuccessfully as the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1972 -- died Sunday at the age of 90 , his family said . "  Our wonderful father , George McGovern , passed away peacefully at the Dougherty Hospice House in Sioux Falls , SD , surrounded by our family and life-long friends , " his family said in a statement . Highlights of George McGovern 's life "  We are blessed to know that our father lived a long , successful and productive life advocating for the hungry , being a progressive voice for millions and fighting for peace . " President Barack Obama praised McGovern as someone who showed a lifelong love of country . "  When the people of South Dakota sent him to Washington , this hero of war became a champion for peace , " the president said in a written statement . "  And after his career in Congress , he became a leading voice in the fight against hunger . George was a statesman of great conscience and conviction . " Others remembered him for the changes he brought to politics . "  I think he 'll be remembered , obviously , for his stance on the war in Vietnam , " said Bill Richardson , the former governor of New Mexico , "  but also for his contributions on agriculture , on hunger . "  And then the Democratic Party . He transformed the party , the primary system , getting minorities involved . He was a gigantic figure and a classy , good , good guy . " Politicians pay tribute Funeral services are scheduled to take place in Sioux Falls on Friday , one day after a public viewing in the same city . Bill and Hillary Clinton said they first met McGovern while campaigning for him in 1972 . The former president and current secretary of state said McGovern never stopped speaking out for the causes he believed in . "  We must continue to draw inspiration from his example and build the world he fought for , " the Clintons said in a written statement . "  The world has lost a tireless advocate for human rights and dignity . " The son of a Methodist minister who was a Republican , McGovern was born in Avon , South Dakota , on July 19 , 1922 . Six years later , his family moved an hour north to Mitchell , where McGovern graduated from Mitchell High School in 1940 . His debating skills won him a scholarship to Dakota Wesleyan University in Mitchell , where he met fellow student Eleanor Stegeberg . Three years later , they married . All five of their children were born in Mitchell . McGovern 's political skills came to the fore in college , where he was twice elected class president and won the state oratorical contest on the topic "  My Brother 's Keeper , " which laid out his liberal beliefs . In 1942 , he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Forces and went on to fly 35 combat missions as a B-24 bomber pilot in Europe . He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . After the war , he returned to college , graduating in 1946 . McGovern attended Garrett Seminary for a year before entering Northwestern University in Chicago , where he got his master 's and doctoral degrees in American history and government . He returned to Dakota Wesleyan University in 1950 as a professor of history and political science , leaving in 1955 to help the South Dakota Democratic Party and launch his political career . In 1956 , he won a seat in Congress . He was re-elected two years later . After losing a bid for the U.S. Senate in 1960 , McGovern was named special assistant to the president and director of the Food for Peace Program by President John F. Kennedy . Opinion : McGovern , a strong man who overcame defeat Two years later , he was elected to the Senate . He was re-elected in 1968 and 1974 . He served on Senate committees on agriculture , nutrition , forestry and foreign relations , and the Joint Economic Committee . He also served three years on the Commission on Party Structure and Delegate Selection , which changed the way states picked their delegates , before leaving it in 1971 to run for president . In 1972 , McGovern was selected as the Democratic Party nominee for president on a platform that included ending the war in Vietnam at a time when the country was torn over U.S. involvement there . "  Let us resolve that never again will we send the precious young blood of this country to die trying to prop up a corrupt military dictatorship abroad , " he said , to applause , at the Democratic convention in Miami Beach , Florida . He called the unemployment of more than 5 million Americans "  the most false and wasteful economics of all " and said his highest domestic priority would be "  to ensure that every American able to work has a job to do . " He called for an end to a system of economic controls "  in which labor is depressed but prices and corporate profits run sky high , " and he called for national health insurance and "  a fair and just tax system . " But the campaign started out poorly . He selected as running mate Sen. Thomas Eagleton of Missouri , after a background check that did not turn up the fact that Eagleton had been treated for mental illness , which was revealed soon after . Eagleton withdrew and McGovern then tapped Sargent Shriver , a brother-in-law of John F. Kennedy and U.S. ambassador to France . The pair ended up losing in a lopsided vote for incumbent Richard Nixon , with the McGovern ticket earning only 17 electoral votes -- from Massachusetts and the District of Columbia -- to Nixon 's 520 . McGovern reflected on that defeat in a September piece in The Washington Post , calling it "  a significant personal setback " that left him "  genuinely stunned . " Opinion : McGovern was ahead of his time "  The loss is there , an old wound never fully healed . My disappointment was certainly personal , made deeper by the awareness that many thousands of young Americans , and far more Vietnamese and other Asian citizens , were going to and did lose their lives with the Nixon administration 's continuation of the war , " he wrote . "  And I was upset that my supporters would carry the burden of the loss , too -- something that has weighed on me all these years . " But he added , "  I am optimistic about the country , and I am convinced that McGovern for President 1972 helped put those ideals within sight and completion today . " Sen. John Kerry said Sunday that McGovern never let the political popularity of a subject determine whether he supported a cause . "  George McGovern was a voice of clarity and conviction at a time when America needed it most , " Kerry said . "  He spoke to many of us who opposed the war but loved our country , because he was the genuine article , a soft-spoken , decent and gentle man who lived a remarkable life with humility . " After his presidential loss , McGovern returned to the Senate , where he was re-elected in 1974 . But he was beaten when he sought a fourth term in 1980 , a victim of what became known as the Reagan Revolution that swept conservatives into power and their views into vogue . Four years later , he tried again to win the Democratic presidential nomination , but dropped out . Former Vice President Walter Mondale became the nominee -- only to lose to Reagan in another lopsided race . Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said Sunday that McGovern was more than a very down-to-earth man . "  George was actually a very complicated person , " Gingrich said . "  He was not a pacifist . His argument over Vietnam was about that particular war . He was a citizen . " After leaving the Senate , McGovern taught at a number of schools , including Columbia University , Northwestern University , Cornell University , American University and the University of Berlin . He served as the president of the Middle East Policy Council from 1991 to 1998 . President Clinton appointed him ambassador to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome and , in 2000 , awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom . In 2001 , McGovern was named the first United Nations global ambassador on hunger . In the 2008 presidential campaign , McGovern switched his allegiance from Hillary Clinton to Barack Obama . But in a 2009 commentary in the Post , he lashed out at the Obama administration over its policies in Afghanistan and reflected on one of the hallmarks of his political life . "  As a U.S. senator during the 1960s , I agonized over the badly mistaken war in Vietnam , " McGovern wrote . "  After doing all I could to save our troops and the Vietnamese people from a senseless conflict , I finally took my case to the public in my presidential campaign in 1972 . Speaking across the nation , I told audiences that the only upside of the tragedy in Vietnam was that its enormous cost in lives and dollars would keep any future administration from going down that road again . "  I was wrong . " In lieu of flowers , the family is requesting donations to Feeding South Dakota . Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived	NEW : Funeral services are set for Friday in Sioux Falls , South Dakota President Obama says George McGovern fought for country , then for peace McGovern may be most remembered for losing to Richard Nixon in 1972 landslide He served South Dakota in the Senate for three terms , also served in House
CNN  Private spaceflight company SpaceX scrubbed a scheduled rocket launch Tuesday , in which it planned to attempt the pioneering step of landing the rocket 's first stage on a floating platform . The next possible launch attempt is at 5:09 a.m. ET Friday , NASA said via Twitter , "  pending resolution of the issue . " NASA and SpaceX said the problem was with the Falcon 9 rocket 's second stage , rather than the section it plans to try to land . "  During the terminal count engineers observed drift on one of the two thrust vector actuators on the second stage that would likely have caused an automatic abort . Engineers called a hold in order to take a closer look , " said John Taylor , of SpaceX communications . The thrust vector control actuators are used to steer the rocket in flight . The second stage of the rocket delivers the payload -- in this case , supplies for the International Space Station -- to the desired orbit . SpaceX 's attempt to land the Falcon 9 rocket 's first stage has been the chief focus of interest ahead of its latest resupply mission . Recycling rockets Traditionally , rockets have been designed to fall back to Earth after separating from the spacecraft they lifted , and then burn up on re-entry or crash into the ocean . The millions of dollars that go into the production of the rockets burn , too . SpaceX wants to pioneer a reusable rocket , a development that could change the economics of space travel . "  A fully and rapidly reusable rocket -- which has never been done before -- is the pivotal breakthrough needed to substantially reduce the cost of space access , " SpaceX said in a statement . The company has twice attempted soft landings of the Falcon 9 's first stage on water . Those tests showed that the rocket is capable of reducing its speed from hypersonic to nearly zero , and deploy landing legs . In those tests , the rocket tipped sideways and crashed into the ocean , causing damage that made the rocket unusable . That was according to plan , SpaceX said . Landing on a moving target When the launch happens , the company will try the same soft landing for the Falcon 9 's first stage , but this time on a custom-built floating platform it calls the autonomous spaceport drone ship . Landing on the platform "  is significantly more challenging " than the water landings , the company said . For one , the platform is not anchored , and while it looks large from the ground , it is a rather small target for the 14-story-tall rocket . SpaceX described reentry and landing as "  trying to balance a rubber broomstick on your hand in the middle of a wind storm . " The company puts the odds of success at 50 % at best . It adds , however , that this is just the first of a number of tests toward the goal of landing a rocket stage for reuse . As for the target , "  X " marks the spot : The company will try to land the rocket stage on the SpaceX logo painted on the center of the floating platform . Keith Smith , of Britain 's Royal Astronomical Society , told CNN the reason for using the platform -- despite the complications of landing on a moving target -- was that it should prevent any properties on Earth being damaged if the landing goes wrong . It 's not unusual for a launch to be aborted , he said , since there are so many elements at play . "  The payload on this is so expensive to launch that you do n't want to risk anything about it , " he said . The timing of the next launch attempt will depend on how serious the problem is , he said . CNN 's Rachel Crane contributed to this report .	Problem is with a thrust vector actuator on the second stage , Space X says SpaceX 's scheduled launch Tuesday is aborted ; next possible attempt is Friday In a first , the company plans to try to land the rocket 's first stage
CNN  The next time someone accuses you of acting like a Neanderthal , do n't be offended . Just say "  thank you . " A new study published this month suggests Neanderthals were more "  cognitively advanced than we give them credit , " Kansas University 's David Frayer said in a release . Frayer , a professor emeritus of anthropology , was a part of the study published in the journal PLOS ONE that looks at eagle talons found in present-day Croatia . The talons are among the thousands of human remains , animal bones and tools originally excavated between 1899 and 1905 in the area by Croatian scientist Dragutin Gorjanovic-Kramberger . Only recently , however , did Frayer identify the cut marks and notches on the 130,000-year-old bones as ones modified by humans . "  I was stunned , " Frayer said of the discovery . "  It 's so obvious that these are cut . " The markings , including polishes and areas where the bones were "  rubbed together , " show that the talons were "  manipulated into a piece of jewelry , " Frayer said . Frayer co-wrote "  Evidence for Neanderthal Jewelry : Modified White-tailed Eagle Claws at Krapina " with three other Croatian scientists . Their research indicates Neanderthals were more than just the cavemen-like characters depicted in Geico commercials , but sophisticated creatures concerned with ornamentation and possibly even an "  advanced level of prowess " in catching birds , according to Frayer . "  We ca n't prove it , but we suspect that they were catching these birds , " he said . Even with modern technology , catching an eagle is an enormously difficult thing to do . Frayer believes Neanderthals must have had excellent "  planning skills and ritual " they would 've used in catching the bird . "  Neanderthals are often thought of to be simple-minded mumbling , bumbling , stumbling fools , " Frayer said . "  But the more we know about them the more sophisticated they 've become . "	Researchers say marking on eagle talons prove Neanderthals made jewelry Eagle bones used in study more than 130,000 years old Scientist : "  It really shows a level of technical sophistication "
Washington  CNN  -- A bi-partisan group of lawmakers lashed out at officials from the Veterans Affairs Department on Wednesday , accusing the agency of allowing veterans to die from delayed or absent medical care at its facilities and stonewalling a follow-up congressional inquiry . Barry Coates , 44 , said at an unusually emotional U.S. House hearing that he is dying of cancer because a simple medical procedure was delayed at several VA facilities , including the William Jennings Bryan Dorn VA medical center in Columbia , South Carolina . Coates , who was featured in a CNN investigation in January about delayed care and veterans ' deaths , testified how for a year he complained to VA doctors about his excruciating pain and rectal bleeding . CNN investigation : Veterans dying because of health care delays The Army veteran went to several VA clinics and hospitals in South Carolina , trying to get help . But the VA 's diagnosis was hemorrhoids , and aside from simple pain medication he was told he might need a colonoscopy . "  Due to the inadequate and lack of follow up care I received through the VA system , I stand before you terminally ill today , " Coates told members of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs . Congress demands answers The CNN investigative piece found that at least 19 veterans died because of delays in simple medical screenings like colonoscopies or endoscopies at various VA facilities , according to an internal agency document . They were among 82 people who have died or are dying or have suffered serious injuries as a result of delayed diagnosis or treatment for colonoscopies or endoscopies . "  This is an outrage ! This is an American disaster ! " Rep. Jackie Walorski , an Indiana Republican , nearly screamed , her voice quavering . "  My dad was a veteran . He died of colon cancer , " she said crying softly . "  This is so personal to me . " House hearing on VA deaths Rep. Julia Brownley , a California Democrat , told the VA officials she believes the number of veterans who have died from delayed or absent care is likely much higher than has been reported or been identified by the committee . "  I was very saddened to learn of the 19 deaths , " she said . "  But really , 19 ? I believe in my heart of hearts there are probably more . " Rep. Brownley asked Coates , "  Have you had any formal apology from the VA ? " "  None , " Mr. Coates replied . "  I think it is good that we hear these stories , " Dr. Thomas Lynch , a senior VA official , told the committee . "  We need to learn from them , and we need to do better . " But Lynch , the VA 's assistant deputy under secretary for health for clinical operations , came in for tough criticism as lawmakers grew angrier and accused agency officials of withholding information from them and delaying care . "  The department 's stone wall has only grown higher and non-responsive , " said Rep. Jeff Miller , the committee chairman , "  There is no excuse for these incidents to have occurred . " Miller has been pushing for months to get answers about deaths and delayed care , and where the incidents occurred . He told the hearing his committee has received virtually no answers . "  This committee has reviewed at least 18 preventable deaths that occurred because of mismanagement , improper infection control practices , and a host of other maladies plaguing the VA health care system nationwide , " Miller said . He asked Lynch repeatedly when the committee would get more details . Just before the hearing , the VA provided the panel with the first precise details of some veterans who died in various facilities . "  I do n't mean to sound like a broken record , " Lynch told him . "  We know you take this seriously . We will get back to you . " Minority vets receive overdue honor Asked if he was aware of Coates 's situation , Lynch said : "  I have not received specifics of his situation and I assure you I will . " Lynch testified that the "  VA is committed to consistently delivering exceptional health care , which our veterans have earned and deserve . ... Regrettably , as in any large health care system , errors do occur . The "  VA constantly strives to eliminate administrative and systemic errors , including those attributed to leadership and training shortfalls , " he said . First-of-its-kind clinic saves vet 's marriage But as Lynch continued , the committee leaders grew more exasperated . "  I 'm very angry , " said Rep. Dan Benishek , a Michigan Republican . "  This man did not receive the standard of care . ... He did not even receive an apology . It 's hard to understand . " Lynch told Benishek that "  I 'm angry as well , " and "  I share your frustration . " Opinion : Congress lets down military Senator , Iraq war vet introduces military suicide bill Inside the military 's uncounted suicides CNN 's Jessica Jimenez contributed to this report .	One lawmaker cries in remembering her father , a former veteran who died of cancer Agency accused of stonewalling congressional investigators on veterans ' deaths A CNN investigative piece in January found deaths associated with delayed care "  We need to do better , " said a top VA official who appeared before a House committee
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A Spanish politician accused of reckless driving after a car crash that killed two Cuban dissidents was sentenced to four years in prison , Cuban state media said Monday . Angel Carromero had faced a possible sentence of 10 years after the crash that took the life of well-known Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya in July . Paya had been one of the more prominent activists to challenge the Cuban government 's authority and single-party form of rule . His death provoked an outpouring of grief in Cuba and abroad , and also questions about how the crash that took his life occurred . Read more : Dissident Cuban blogger arrested , colleagues say Paya 's widow Ofelia Acevedo said she did not believe the Cuban government 's accounts that the crash was an accident . Instead , Acevedo said she believed Paya had been targeted by the government for his opposition work and that the car he was traveling in had been run off the road . In a short video released by the Cuban government following the crash , Carromero said the crash took place after he lost control of the car when the terrain he was driving on abruptly changed . Read more : Cuban dissident dies in car accident In the video , he asked for the public 's help in securing his release from prison in Cuba . Dissident Harold Cepero was also killed in the crash . Aron Modig , a Swedish politician who also survived the wreck , said he had no memory of how the crash took place . Both Modig and Carromero said they traveled to Cuba to assist Paya in his opposition work . The Spanish Embassy in Cuba did not respond immediately to calls seeking comment on the sentencing .	Angel Carromero is sentenced to four years in prison He was accused of reckless driving after a July car crash Well-known Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya died in the crash His widow said she did n't believe government accounts that it was an accident
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Islamist rebels in Mali have taken over a town in the middle of the country , a rebel leader and a resident said Saturday . Douentza is in central Mali , about 110 miles  175 kilometers  from the key town of Sevare , which is in a buffer zone between the rebel-occupied north and the south . Chaos has rocked Mali since a military ruler overthrew the democratically elected president in March , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . Two Islamist groups , MUJAO and the al Qaeda-linked Ansar Dine , now control Douentza , according to Ansar Dine military leader Omar Hamaha . He said Ansar Dine had allowed the Ganda Izo militia to set up base in the town so they could join Ansar Dine , but the Ganda Izo people had "  betrayed " them . "  We have become aware that there are intelligence offers and security agents of the Malian army among them , " Hamaha said . "  It 's why we have decided to take over Douentza and disarm the so-called Ganda Izo militiamen . " A resident of Douentza , Adama Guindo , said the Islamists disarmed the militia without shooting . He described groups of Islamist fighters riding in vehicles mounted with heavy weapons inside the town . The coup leader who overthrew the democratically elected president stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but ethnic Tuareg rebels and other Islamist militants have taken advantage of the uncertainty to seize control of the northern part of the country , including Timbuktu . Members of the Malian army are currently based in Sevare for training and possible military intervention in the north .	Chaos has rocked Mali since a military ruler overthrew the president in March The country was one of West Africa 's most stable democracies
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Ohio began presenting evidence to a grand jury on Monday in the August 5 death of Cincinnati man John Crawford III , shot and killed by police while carrying an air rifle in a Walmart store . Police contend that Crawford , 22 , was "  waving a rifle-type weapon at customers , including children , " according to statement from Beavercreek Police Capt. Eric Grile . Michael Wright , who is representing Crawford 's family , says Crawford picked up an unwrapped air rifle from a shelf inside the store in Beavercreek and was talking on the phone when he was confronted by police . Witness Ronald Ritchie called 911 to report "  a gentleman walking around with a gun in the store , " according to a recording of the call . Ritchie , who can be heard in 911 recordings released by the Beavercreek police department after the incident , says that a man was carrying what appeared to be a rifle , pointing it at people and "  waving it back and forth . " Then , there are muffled screams heard on the 911 tape , and Ritchie says he heard gunshots in the store . According to police , Crawford did not comply with police commands to drop the weapon . Crawford died shortly after being transported to a nearby hospital . His death was ruled a homicide by gunshot wound to the torso , according to the local coroner 's office . "  The quick response -LSB- by police -RSB- was instrumental in containing this situation and minimizing risks to customers , " Grile said in a statement at the time . The Ohio attorney general 's office , which conducted the investigation into Crawford 's death , has kept all details of its investigation under wraps pending the grand jury reviewing evidence and deciding whether charges should be filed . Surveillance video from inside the store has not been released to the public . "  Because it is an ongoing investigation , we have not released the video , " Walmart spokesman Brian Nick told CNN . Two police officers -- Sgt. David Darkow and Officer Sean Williams -- were placed on paid administrative leave after the shooting but Darkow has returned to active duty , according to Beavercreek city attorney Stephen McHugh . The grand jury proceedings are expected to last several days , according to Hamilton County prosecutors , who are leading the team that is presenting evidence to the Greene County panel . Beavercreek , where the incident occurred , is in Greene County outside Dayton . "  After all the evidence is presented , we would like to see an indictment handed down on the police officers , " Crawford family attorney Wright told CNN . Wright has continued to push for the public release of Walmart surveillance video from the incident , but law enforcement officials have asked the store not to release it publicly , Walmart spokesman Nick said . "  We are deeply saddened about the loss of life that occurred , " Nick added . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and loved ones of those involved . " Crawford was a high school graduate and father of two , according to his father , John Crawford Jr. , who addressed the press shortly after his son 's death . "  My son was not a monster . He was a loving father , he was a loving son , " the elder Crawford said . Wright said that both the victim 's father and his mother , Tressa Sherrod were scheduled to testify before the grand jury on Monday . The grand jury proceedings are expected to last several days , according to a statement by Hamilton County prosecutors . CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	John Crawford III was shot , killed by police inside a Walmart in Ohio in August Crawford was carrying an air rifle when he died A grand jury has convened to review evidence in Crawford 's August 5 death , The death was ruled a homicide by the local medical examiner
CNN  -- Jay Leno took one for the team , in the form of a $ 15 million pay cut , to protect the staff of NBC 's "  The Tonight Show " from further cuts . An NBC Universal representative confirmed Friday that the host took a 50 % pay reduction . The representative also confirmed that Leno extended his contract until September 2014 . A source with direct knowledge of the situation told CNN last month that 20 to 25 employees of "  The Tonight Show " were let go and that Leno made the salary concession to prevent even more staff reductions . According to the source , the layoffs were part of a plan to adjust the show 's expenses to be more in line with typical late-night programming as opposed to prime-time fare . Leno replaced the legendary Johnny Carson as host of "  The Tonight Show " in 1992 , a job he held for 17 years before he left in 2009 to helm "  The Jay Leno Show " with a 10 p.m. start time . But a few months later , in January 2010 , NBC announced that the comedian would return to the 11:35 p.m. time slot . The comic 's venture into prime time three years ago was pitched as an attempt by the network to parlay his proven popularity into a commercially successful show . But lagging ratings prompted NBC executives to change course within a few months . That move ultimately led to fellow talk show host Conan O'Brien 's departure from the network . O'Brien , who had taken over "  The Tonight Show , " now hosts the show "  Conan " on TBS , which , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . Leno jokes about ` Tonight Show ' layoffs CNN 's Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The cut amounts to $ 15 million , NBC Universal says He also extended contract until 2014 , the network says "  The Tonight Show " staff was cut by up to 25 employees , source said
CNN  -- Could the days of trying to cram all your professional accomplishments onto a single sheet of paper be a thing of the past ? Some job experts say we 're already there . With news that Facebook might be joining the ranks of online-employment brokers , it 's looking more and more like the old-fashioned resume might be growing obsolete . Facebook plans to launch its own jobs board , working with some existing sites to let users search listings , the Wall Street Journal is reporting . Yes , that 's right : People may be looking for jobs on the same site where photos of their youthful indiscretions could turn off potential employers . It 's not certain whether such a Facebook feature will pan out  Facebook is n't commenting , and the Journal cites unnamed sources  . But in many ways , we 're already in a post-resume era . What hiring manager is going to make a decision based on an e-mail attachment when they can browse your LinkedIn and Facebook profiles , read the gory details in your blog and hit Google to find out more about you -- good or bad -- all in one sitting ? And paper resumes ? Forget it . Between desktops , laptops , tablets and smartphones , some hiring experts say there 's little reason to peruse a dead-tree summary of someone 's career anymore . "  I do n't ever have anybody come in and hand me a paper resume , " said Gretchen Gunn , a principal at MGD Services , a staffing firm in Stockton , New Jersey . "  Ten years ago , your fax machine was loaded when you came in in the morning . Not anymore . " Gunn blogged about the trend in January , writing that when someone hands her a paper resume at a job fair , she hands it back and asks for an e-mail . Why ? "  Because that paper resume has little chance of leaving my roll-along briefcase , which houses my laptop , iPad and other electronics , " she wrote . "  Our entire recruiting process is now online . " Technically , Rachael King , who works on community engagement in San Francisco for software company Adobe , submitted a resume for her job . But it was just one digital blip that was "  pinned " on a Pinterest board she created . Other pins included a listing of her public speaking engagements , links to news articles in which she 'd appeared , her blog and even an article on how to build a resume on Pinterest . She dubbed it her "  Living Resume , " what she called "  an ongoing collection of decidedly cool things I 've done in my career , side gigs , and other projects . " Some companies , especially those in the tech world , are going even further , saying they 're no longer interested at all in an applicant 's tried-and-true laundry list of jobs , education , awards and activities . Hiring managers often can gain a better sense of a person 's judgment , personality and communication skills by perusing their Twitter feeds or Tumblr posts , they say . Union Square Ventures , a New York venture-capitalist firm that invests heavily in tech start-ups , hired two analysts last month after a search that started last fall . But instead of soliciting resumes when the positions were announced , the firm asked for a glimpse at applicants ' "  Web presence . " "  This could be anything from a Twitter account to a blog or Tumblr to a project you hacked together -- whatever represents you best , " Union Square 's Christina Cacioppo wrote on the company 's site at the time . "  We expect your Web presence to represent who you are , not who you think an employer wishes you were , so please do n't waste time sanitizing your Web presence before sending us there . We get it . " Applicants also were asked to create two Web videos of themselves , one saying why they wanted the job and the other answering the question : ' "  Which Web or mobile services most inspire you ? " Gunn does n't think most employers are going to go that far , at least not in the near future . But she already uses many of the tools Union Square did to augment what a job applicant provides on their own . "  We look at Facebook ; we look at LinkedIn , " she said . "  We love to see what you 've done on YouTube . That makes that person more three-dimensional . " She suspects resumes are here for a while longer , but they may take new forms . "  The concept is not changing . That document , your life history of your work , is n't ever going to be obsolete , " she said . "  It 's the vehicle that I think is changing . " So , if LinkedIn and Twitter have replaced the fax machine of 10 years ago , what might a resume look like a decade from now ? "  I 'm waiting for holograms . Oh , come on : ` Star Wars , ' " she said , referring to the image of a miniature Princess Leia from the 1977 movie . "  We were promised it way back then . If you want a serious answer , I think that 's where the technology is going to take us . "	Thanks to growing number of Web tools , some say the resume is already obsolete Job recruiter says she never accepts a paper resume One New York firm asked for Twitter , blog posts , videos -- but not resumes Reports say Facebook may be launching a jobs board
HLNtv.com  -- It took less than an hour for Joshua Young 's defense team to call four additional witnesses , including his aunt and social worker , before resting its case Thursday . Young , who did not testify in his own defense , is charged with complicity to murder for his alleged role in the slaying of his stepbrother , Trey Zwicker , in May 2011 . Prosecutors say the 17-year-old acted in concert with his father , Josh Gouker , to kill Zwicker , 14 . Gouker , who was Zwicker 's stepfather , pleaded guilty to a charge of murder , and was sentenced July 26 to life in prison . Young 's defense attorneys argue that Gouker acted alone in killing Zwicker . Young 's aunt , Cynthia Guenther , took the stand Thursday in Jefferson County Circuit Court in Louisville , Kentucky , to describe her nephew 's demeanor at Zwicker 's funeral , calling him "  very sad , very distraught , teary-eyed . " The social worker who visited Young 's home once every month between 2007 and 2012 also testified Thursday that she witnessed Young and Zwicker together on two occasions . "  They were sitting together on the couch , playing video games . Very relaxed , kind of joking with each other , " said Allison Miller about a 2011 visit she made to the home . Miller told prosecutors during her short cross-examination that she witnessed the pair interacting for only about a minute before Gouker told them to leave the room . The judge told jurors he expected them to get the case around lunchtime Friday , after attorneys present their closing arguments . The judge also told jurors to pack an overnight bag in case they do n't reach a verdict Friday night , in which case they would be sequestered and continue to deliberate on Saturday .	Josh Young is accused of helping his father kill his stepbrother , Trey Zwicker His aunt , Cynthia Guenther , testifies Young was distraught at the funeral The defense rests its case ; closing arguments are next
EW.com  -- The first weekend in December is a notoriously weak one at the box office , and , true to form , most movies faced harsh declines this weekend after the record-breaking Thanksgiving frame . But Disney 's animated musical "  Frozen " managed to score a not-so-severe 53 percent fall to $ 31.6 million this weekend , which sent it past "  Catching Fire " and straight into the No. 1 spot on the chart . "  Frozen " has earned $ 134.3 million after 12 days in wide release , 39 percent more than 2010 ′ s "  Tangled , " which had earned $ 96.6 million at the same point in its run . The film will match its $ 150 million budget by this time next week , and if it maintains its current pace  which seems likely given its "  A + " CinemaScore  , "  Frozen " could be headed for a finish of about $ 280 million . Movie review : ` Frozen ' The film 's box office success is sending its soundtrack into the upper echelons of the music charts . The soundtrack debuted at No. 18 on the Billboard 200 last week , and it 's risen all the way to No. 4 on the iTunes chart as well . In second place , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " fell 64 percent to $ 27 million , giving the blockbuster a $ 336.7 million domestic total after just 17 days . "  Catching Fire " is still playing about $ 34 million ahead of "  The Hunger Games " at the equivalent point in its run , but as evidenced by this weekend 's drop , it 's falling faster than that film , too . "  Catching Fire " appears likely to finish with just about $ 400-410 million , matching "  The Hunger Games ' " $ 408 million total . Worldwide , though , "  Catching Fire " will be much , much bigger . It 's already earned $ 673 million , and it will take just a few days for the film to blitz past "  The Hunger Games ' " $ 691 million global haul . Movie review : ` The Hunger Games : Catching Fire ' Christian Bale 's latest drama , "  Out of the Furnace , " did n't connect with moviegoers on its opening weekend . The bleak revenge movie , which also stars Woody Harrelson , Casey Affleck , and Zoë Saldana , pulled in a terrible $ 5.3 million from 2,021 theaters , yielding an anemic $ 2,523 location average . Even worse , audiences gave the film a rough "  C + " CinemaScore , which will limit appeal in the weeks to come -- especially given the upcoming release of Bale 's other , more anticipated release , "  American Hustle . " Two Disney films rounded out the Top five : "  Thor : The Dark World " and "  Delivery Man . " "  Thor " grossed $ 4.7 million , enough for a $ 193.6 million total  and $ 610 million worldwide  . "  Delivery Man " earned $ 3.8 million , and the Vince Vaughn comedy has now grossed $ 24.8 million against a $ 26 million budget . Movie review : ` Out of the Furnace ' 1 . "  Frozen " -- $ 31.6 million 2 . "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " -- $ 27.0 million 3 . "  Out of the Furnace " -- $ 5.3 million 4 . "  Thor : The Dark World " -- $ 4.7 million 5 . "  Delivery Man " -- $ 3.8 million In milestone news , Paramount 's "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " passed the $ 100 million mark after pulling in $ 855,000 in its seventh weekend . Johnny Knoxville 's prank film has now out-earned big budget spectacles like "  Elysium , " "  White House Down , " "  The Lone Ranger " and "  Jack the Giant Slayer , " and , unlike those films , "  Bad Grandpa " cost only $ 15 million to produce . Further down the chart , the Coen Bros. ' folky Oscar contender , "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " made a huge splash in limited release . The rootsy tale strummed up $ 402,000 from just four theaters , which resulted in a $ 100,500 per theater average -- the second best of the entire year after "  Blue Jasmine , " which managed a $ 102,011 average from six theaters in July . CBS Films will begin expanding "  Inside Llewyn Davis " in two weeks . Also notable : In the wake of Nelson Mandela 's death , the Idris Elba-starring biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " fell only 8 percent in its second weekend to $ 77,000 from four theaters . For reference , the films in the Top 20 fell by an average of 52.4 percent this weekend . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Frozen " managed to score a No. 1 spot at the box office The Disney release has brought in $ 134.4 million after 12 days Over the weekend , it earned $ 31.6 million "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " was in second place
