London  CNN  -- British Muslim groups voiced their horror and condemnation Thursday over the slaying of a soldier in a London street by attackers who said they were acting to avenge Muslim deaths overseas . But Muslim commentators also suggested there is more that the country 's leaders can do to address issues within the Muslim community , particularly among alienated young men . Woolwich attack : Latest developments According to 2011 census figures , Muslims make up the second-largest religious group in Britain , with 2.7 million people . That represents an increase of 1.2 million  from 3 % to 5 % of the population  since 2001 . The suspected attackers in the Woolwich slaying , who are hospitalized under police guard , claimed to be acting for Islam , but it 's not yet clear if they were affiliated with any group . "  The only reasons we killed this man ... is because Muslims are dying daily , " said one of the suspects , wielding a cleaver with bloody hands , in video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . "  This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth , " he said . "  We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you until you leave us alone . " The Muslim Council of Britain condemned what it called "  a truly barbaric act that has no basis in Islam . " Read more : London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier It urged Muslims and non-Muslims alike "  to come together in solidarity to ensure the forces of hatred do not prevail . " Political and social commentator Mohammed Ansar also urged restraint . "  What we have seen on the streets of London has been particularly sickening , a really , really heinous act of I would say criminality -- and I 'm being careful to say criminality , not terrorism , " he told CNN . The motivation for what happened in Woolwich remains unclear , he pointed out . "  What we need at this time is a sense of calm , a sense of measure and a sense of perspective . What we do n't need are knee-jerk reactions ... to really ratchet up tensions and really stoke and inflame anxieties within communities . " Asghar Bukhari , of the UK Muslim Public Affairs Committee , described the attack as shocking , but said there had been failures by both the UK government and the Muslim community when it came to tackling extremism in Britain . London attack : Terrorist targeting soldiers at home again ? The British government is "  completely denying that it has anything to do with the political situation around the Muslim world , " including its foreign policy , he said . Britain has been involved in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . At the same time , Muslim organizations "  have failed their own community by not teaching these young , angry men how to get a democratic change to this policy that 's ruining so many lives , " he said . He said Muslim leaders were unwilling to bring about change , saying they preferred to debate minor theological issues than take practical steps to educate young people about political action . As a result , young people 's outrage over what is happening in the Muslim world is creating a "  blow-back " effect as they take violent action in the West , he said , as seen with the Boston bombings . The attack in Britain is "  very , very sad , " he added , but reflects an anger bubbling under the surface that could boil over at any time . ` Heads in the sand ' Shiraz Maher , of the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation at Kings College London , said Wednesday 's attack appeared to reflect a tactical shift by terror network al Qaeda toward targeted rather than mass casualty attacks . The suspects may have been radicalized online , he suggested , although police have as yet released no details in the Woolwich case . Authorities have been trying to counter radical websites and messages , but it 's a difficult task , Maher said . Witness : Attackers ` were just animals ' Alongside that , Maher said he believes Muslim leaders in Britain can and should do more to root out radicalization in the community . "  A lot of Muslim leaders have had their heads in the sand for a very long time , " he said . "  A lot of Muslim leaders in this country were n't born here , they do n't speak the language necessarily , they do n't understand a lot of the pressures and debates and issues that young Muslims are having . " There has been a sense of inertia in some cases , he said , and Muslim communities have n't always reacted as quickly as they should have . There has been a small shift in the right direction with the emergence of new community groups and civil society initiatives , he said , but changes need to happen faster . "  We need to have a very strong counter-narrative to the ideas of al Qaeda , " he said , which suggest that there is a war against Muslims led by non-Muslims . "  We need a civic identity , we need to make people understand that we are all British citizens , we are all part of this society . Whether you disagree with a particular issue or not , there are ways to voice your feelings , and killing a serviceman is not one of those . " There is apprehension across Britain , not just in London , in the face of demonstrations by groups like the far-right English Defence League , he said . As each side gets more radical , it fuels the other , he said -- and that has consequences for the vast majority of people who do not share those opposing views . "  Ordinary people always get caught up in the crossfire of extremism , " he said . CNN 's Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	Muslim Council of Britain condemns "  a truly barbaric act that has no basis in Islam " "  What we do n't need are knee-jerk reactions , " says commentator Mohammed Ansar "  A lot of Muslim leaders have had their heads in the sand , " says analyst Shiraz Maher A suspect in Wednesday 's Woolwich killing claimed to be acting to avenge Muslim deaths
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- About 20 years ago , 9-year-old Cameron Kocher fired a rifle out of a window of his home in upstate Pennsylvania and hit his 7-year-old neighbor , who was riding on a snowmobile , and killed her . The prosecutor decided to try the 9-year-old as an adult . When the charge is murder , Pennsylvania is one of a handful of states that has no lower age limit for trying children as adults . The district attorney argued that Cameron had lied when asked about the shooting -- and lying is something that adults do . The trial judge subsequently agreed to keep Cameron 's case in adult court . The boy had seemed normal , the judge said , so there was nothing for the juvenile justice system to treat . Cameron had also dozed during pretrial motions , which showed "  a lack of remorse . " Cameron stayed home on bail -- which is available to "  adults " -- while his case was argued in appellate courts . He eventually pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and was placed on probation . He received no treatment and had no further involvement with the justice system . Jump ahead 20 years , to the Western Pennsylvania prosecution of Jordan Brown , who was 11 when he was charged as an adult with shooting to death his father 's pregnant fiancée . Jordan 's attorneys have asked the trial judge to remand his case to juvenile court . The judge has taken the motion under advisement . It should be an easy decision . There are common-sense reasons to keep Jordan in the juvenile system . Ask any parents of an 11-year-old if they think their child is really just a small adult ! If Jordan is adjudicated delinquent , the juvenile justice system can keep him until his 21st birthday . That is an extraordinary amount of time for an 11-year-old . It is certainly long enough to serve the needs of public protection , and enough time to rehabilitate a child . Indeed , studies routinely show that in these cases , the juvenile justice system protects the public better than the criminal justice system . If common sense is n't enough , examine the recent science on adolescent development . In the early part of the decade , researchers for the MacArthur Foundation Research Network on Adolescent Development and Juvenile Justice found that teenagers are less blameworthy than adults , and that their capacities change significantly over the course of adolescence . The researchers found what many of us were trying to say years earlier about Cameron Kocher : that at the age of 9 , he simply could n't process information and plan a crime like an adult . The MacArthur Foundation Research Network recognized that legal sanctions for misbehavior should not be based only on the harm a youth causes , but on the youth 's culpability . Most people would agree . Every day , different defendants receive different sentences even if they caused the same harm . This is because defendants differ in culpability , or blameworthiness . At no other time are these differences more pronounced than during adolescence , when youths struggle with their immaturity , undeveloped decision-making abilities , impulsiveness , lack of future orientation and susceptibility to negative peer pressure . Recent brain imaging technology reinforces the adolescent development literature . From the prefrontal cortex to the limbic area , the teenage brain is undergoing dramatic changes during adolescence in ways that affect teens ' ability to reason , to weigh consequences for their decisions and to delay gratification long enough to make careful short - and long-term choices . In their 2008 book "  Rethinking Juvenile Justice , " MacArthur researchers Dr. Laurence Steinberg and Elizabeth Scott concluded that young people under age 15 should never be tried as adults . Steinberg and Scott make clear that mitigation because of youth -- the fact that teens are less blameworthy than adults -- is not the same as an excuse . That is , trying youths in juvenile court is not the same as absolving them of responsibility . Ten years under juvenile court supervision , for an 11-year-old , is a very long time . The point is that while youths should be punished for their crimes , it should be done in a developmentally appropriate way . Any parent would know that it makes little sense to punish a 10-year-old the same as a 17-year-old . Another finding of the MacArthur Research Network was that young adolescents are not competent enough to be defendants . Young teens lack the skills to consult with their lawyers and shape trial strategy . Think of Cameron Kocher , who could n't even stay awake for his pretrial motions . Imagine Jordan Brown , now all of 12 years old , advising his lawyer on approaches to cross-examining witnesses , or discussing the pros and cons of pleading guilty . It is in society 's enlightened self-interest to keep young teens in the juvenile justice system , where public safety concerns can be addressed and young offenders can be held accountable and be rehabilitated . This is common sense . An 11-year-old is not an adult and should never be treated like one . The opinions in the commentary are solely those of Robert Schwartz . The Juvenile Law Center , which he heads , filed a friend of the court brief in Cameron Kocher 's case in 1989 and is not involved in the Jordan Brown case .	Robert Schwartz tells of 9-year-old tried as adult ; he was put on probation , received no treatment Schwartz : Jordan Brown should not be tried as an adult for crime committed at 11 Writes : Kids incompetent to be tried as adults ; trying them as juveniles not excusing crime It 's in society 's enlightened self-interest , Schwartz says , to try youngsters in juvenile court
Online delivery services have a checkered history at best . But Uber , the app-oriented car service , is giving it another go . The company , which lets app users hook up with nearby drivers for hire , has announced Uber Rush , which promises to let "  your packages travel like a VIP . " Being tested only in Manhattan , it 's a lot like a typical courier service . First , users summon up a vehicular courier  the company 's reportedly adding bike and foot messengers to its fleet  . Next , the app quotes them a price . And then the courier hauls an item or items from Point A to Point B . The service does n't allow users to order items , such as lunch , and have them delivered . It 's just for transporting items already in their possession . Rush is now an option on the existing Uber app in areas where it is available . During the initial dotcom boom of the late '90s and early 2000s , several online delivery services tried , and failed , to catch on . Kozmo.com is a classic story from the dotcom bubble burst . The website , which promised to deliver items such as DVDs , food and Starbucks coffee within one hour , raised $ 250 million in capital , launched in 1998 and was out of business by 2001 . Webvan , an online grocery-delivery service , went bottom-up the same year , in what some have called the biggest dotcom flop in history . But the emergence of mobile technology has some Web players reconsidering the quick-delivery model . Ebay Now promises delivery of good from local stores in less than two hours for a $ 5 fee . The Postmates app similarly offers food and other goods delivered for prices starting at $ 5 . Prices for Uber Rush appear to be higher  $ 20 - $ 25  , more in line with what New York City couriers typically charge . Uber 's model is to take 20 % of whatever price their drivers charge . Uber uses drivers who have applied to participate and who have passed background checks and other vetting to ensure they are properly licensed and insured . They must be at least 23 . The company says it will expand Rush to other areas of New York if it succeeds in its initial test phase .	Uber rolled out a new delivery service , Rush Rush is only available in Manhattan right now Online delivery services have a checkered track record
Hermiston , Oregon  CNN  -- In war , one family 's story echoes the pain of another . I was reminded of that while watching Larry King interview Pat Tillman 's parents last week . Spc. Pat Tillman , who forfeited a multimillion-dollar football contract to serve his country , died in Afghanistan in 2004 . Many may consider this couple 's relentless pursuit for truth futile -- it wo n't resurrect their son -- but I understand it . It took me eight years to discover what really happened the day my father died in Vietnam 's Ia Drang Valley . They say the man who killed my father went nuts . I do n't know if that 's true or not -- he was dead by the time I got around to looking for him . I wonder sometimes if he took his own life . I could find that out easily enough if I really wanted to know , but I do n't . The men who were there in 1966 know how hard Sgt. C. took it . He and Daddy were good buddies . Our families often gathered for weekend barbecues and fishing along on Oahu 's North Shore before the 25th Infantry , stationed there , shipped out . They say that Sgt. C. drank too much . There 's some that say his drinking is the cause of the fratricide -- that 's what the Army calls it when one of your buddies kills you . After Daddy died , Sgt. C. sent Mama a rambling letter about how he wished he could marry her . That 's the sort of crazy thing a fellow says when he 's talking out of his head . The sentiment does n't offend me . It shows me how much heart he had , sober or not . When his widow learned that I was writing a book about what happened to my father , she hired a lawyer , who sent me a snarky letter by certified mail . The widow threatened a lawsuit if I quoted from her husband 's letter . She did n't have any legal grounds to stand on : You ca n't slander a dead man . I could tell you his name and quote from the letter if I wanted , but hurting others has never been the point . They say when Sgt. C. returned from Vietnam he did n't go home to Alabama . Instead he went to a head hospital in Texas . They say he spent months there , trying to forget everything he remembered . How that blast from Sgt. C 's 105-howitzer pushed my father 's guts straight out into Daddy 's hands . Sgt. C likely overheard , the way others there that day did , my father pleading with the young doctor , "  Please do n't let me die . " These things happen in war , everyone says so , even Mama . She did n't really understand why I needed to know the truth : "  It wo n't bring your father back , " she warned . I was n't trying to bring Daddy back -- I was trying make sense of a world gone mad . I did n't know when I started my search that my father was killed by his buddy . I was n't aware that there were two official Army reports -- the first one the truth and the second one a lie meant to protect Sgt. C. and , if you believe military officials  and I do n't  , to "  protect the family . " Pat Tillman 's family does n't feel protected . They feel betrayed . His parents are in the news again , telling us , this time in a documentary , what they 've been telling us for the last six years : That their son was killed by men in his own platoon and that the military knowingly and willingly participated in covering up the truth to protect , not the family , but their own sorry asses .  Excuse my potty mouth but there are times when behinney is the inappropriate word  . All this reminds me of a quote I read : "  The central defect of evil is not the sin but the refusal to acknowledge it "  Dr. M. Scott Peck , "  People of the Lie "  . The military only needs to practice the integrity they preach . Instead they do the blame-shift thing . In an interview with ESPN 's Mike Fish , the Army officer who directed the first inquiry , Lt. Col. Ralph Kauzlarich , admitted officials knew which shooter killed Tillman but he saw no value in going there . "  I do n't think it really matters , " Kauzlarich said . The point , he said , is n't who really killed Tillman but rather his parents ' lack of faith : "  There -LSB- have -RSB- been numerous unfortunate cases of fratricide and the parents have basically said , ` OK , it was an unfortunate accident . ' And they let it go . These people have a hard time letting it go . It may be because of their religious beliefs . " He went on to say : "  When you die , I mean , there is supposedly a better life , right ? Well , if you are an atheist and you do n't believe in anything , if you die , what is there to go to ? Nothing . You are worm dirt . So for their son to die for nothing , and now he is no more -- that is pretty hard to get your head around that . " You may recall that at Pat Tillman 's funeral , his younger brother Rich chided the crowd for their false piety : "  Pat 's not with God . He 's f *** ing dead . He 's not religious . So , thanks for your thoughts but he 's f *** ing dead . " It 's painful to see a brother come undone that way , in front of God and everybody . But given the propensity we Americans have to manipulate God for our own patriotic , and particularly militaristic purposes , I appreciate the pain that propels the Tillman family . Kauzlrich ought to take a lesson from the General in Isak Dinesen 's tale , "  Babette 's Feast " : "  Man , in his weakness and shortsightedness believes he must make choices in this life . He trembles at the risks he takes . We do know fear . But no . Our choice is of no importance . There comes a time when our eyes are opened and we come to realize that mercy is infinite . We need only await it with confidence and receive it with gratitude . Mercy imposes no conditions . And lo ! Everything we have chosen has been granted to us . And everything we rejected has also been granted . Yes , we even get back what we rejected . For mercy and truth have met together , and righteousness and bliss shall kiss one another . " If Lt. Col. Kauzlrich , and others charged with handling the Tillman investigation , had only been as relentless in their pursuit of truth as they were in covering it up , it would have been a grace to the Tillman family . A grace that may have helped them make sense of a world gone mad . A grace that surely would have enabled them to put their son rest and perhaps , restore to them , in some small measure , a glimpse of the God of mercy and truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Karen Spears Zacharias .	Karen Spears Zacharias said she relates to Tillman parents , who spoke with Larry King Her father was killed by a fellow soldier in Vietnam , she says Military should have put its energy into finding the truth about Tillman 's death , she says Zacharias : Truth would have allowed Tillman 's parents to put their son to rest
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has ordered its inspectors to make sure regional airlines ' training programs are in line with federal regulations , authorities announced Tuesday . Regional airline Colgan Air 's Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo , New York , on February 12 . "  It 's clear to us in looking at the February Colgan Air crash in Buffalo that there are things we should be doing now , " FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said . "  My goal is to make sure that the entire industry -- from large commercial carriers to smaller , regional operators -- is meeting our safety standard . " Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo , New York , on February 12 , killing all 49 passengers and crew members aboard . One person on the ground was also killed . Federal investigators held hearings on Capitol Hill last month on the cause of the crash but have not concluded their inquiry . Several shortcomings of the crew came to light during the National Transportation and Safety Board hearings when it was revealed that Colgan Air Capt. Marvin Renslow failed to reveal two pilot exam failures in his job application . Testimony at the hearings also revealed that fatigue apparently contributed to the failure of Renslow and First Officer Rebecca Shaw to save the plane as it approached Buffalo Niagara International Airport . USA Today newspaper reviewed the safety board 's accident reports over the past 10 years and found that in nearly every serious accident involving a regional airline during that time , at least one of the pilots had failed multiple skill tests . "  In eight of the nine accidents during that time , which killed 137 people , pilots had a history of failing two or more ` check rides , ' tests by federal or airline inspectors of pilots ' ability to fly and respond to emergencies , " USA Today reported Sunday . "  In the lone case in which pilots did n't have multiple failures since becoming licensed , the co-pilot was fired after the nonfatal crash for falsifying his job application . " In addition to reviewing regional airlines ' training programs , Babbitt and Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood have called on representatives from major air carriers , their regional partners , aviation industry groups and labor to participate in a "  call to action " in Washington on Monday , according to a U.S. Department of Transportation news release . The review will address pilot training , cockpit discipline and other flight safety issues , the release said .	FAA to examine training at regional airlines to make sure it meets federal standards NTSB investigation into fatal crash in Buffalo revealed pilot exam failures USA Today inquiry found pilot test failures in eight of nine regional airline crashes
CNN  -- The family of Audrie Pott , a California teenager who allegedly was raped and then committed suicide in September , intends to file a wrongful death lawsuit , the family 's lawyer told reporters Monday . Three boys were arrested last week in connection with the case , accused of assaulting the 15-year-old girl , taking photos of the attack , posting the pictures online and sharing them at school . The boys are all 16 , according to authorities . "  We intend to prove in court of law , that their actions ... broke her . She could n't handle it , and she did the worst thing a parent can imagine -- she took her life , " said Robert Allard , attorney for Pott 's father , mother and stepmother . Authorities say the three boys are accused of raping Pott at an unsupervised house party in Saratoga , California , in early September . Pott had too much to drink at the party and passed out before the attack , Santa Clara County sheriff 's detectives say . She took her own life seven days later , after learning that schoolmates had seen at least one photograph of the attack , Allard said . Related : When images of sex assault go viral The three unidentified boys face two felony charges and one misdemeanor charge of sexual battery , Santa Clara Sheriff 's Office spokesman Jose Cardoza said last week . Formal charges have not been filed . During Monday 's press conference , Pott 's mother , father and stepmother repeatedly stressed they wanted the 16-year-olds arrested to be referred to as "  young men " due to the gravity of the allegations . Allard said that the parents who own the home where the alcohol was allegedly consumed will be made defendants in the wrongful death suit . Those parents were out of town but teens had access to a liquor cabinet , Allard said . The case is similar to one that played out in court this year in Steubenville , Ohio , where two star football players were convicted of rape for assaulting a girl who had too much to drink . Images in that case were posted on social media sites . Healing process after rape never ends In the California case , the boys are accused of taking photos of the attack and sharing them at school , as well as texting them and posting them online . After learning that photos had been posted on the Internet , Pott wrote in an online post that her life was ruined . She took her own life a few days later . During Monday 's press conference , stepmother Lisa Pott read messages that the family found on the teen 's Facebook page after her suicide . Lisa Pott quoted the girl as writing : "  My life is ruined . " "  I ca n't do anything to fix it . " "  I just want this to go away . " "  The whole school knows . " "  I have a reputation I can never get rid of . " "  The boys can die in a hole for all I care . " "  They knew how bad I was . " "  I do n't want to remember . " "  I have a reputation for a night I do n't even remember . " Lisa Pott told reporters , "  Audrie  made her feelings clear in the messages  we  were left to find . The three people who were arrested are responsible for her death . " How to help and support young rape victims Larry Pott said that he wanted other high school students who might know what happened to his daughter -- including those who were witnesses -- to speak up . "  Come forward , " he said . "  Do the right thing . " He choked up when he spoke about losing his daughter . He explained that the Pott family decided to make Audrie 's name public so that "  in some small way ... her story and death could help others . " "  She was so full of life , there was no denying when Audrie walked into a room . She would light it up , always , " he said . "  Audrie filled our house with family and laughter . " She was witty , her dad said , and loved soccer and the outdoors . "  She was sweet and she was kind , " he said . "  We miss her every day . " The morning after Earlier , Lauren Cerri , a Pott family attorney , told CNN affiliate KGO that the teen "  had no idea what occurred until she woke up the following morning and had some drawings on her body and in some private areas . " Rape accusations , teens and Twitter attacks in another U.S. town A fellow student told KGO that along with the shock of Pott 's death , there was chatter about who was involved and how they remained in school . "  That it took that long  for an arrest  was pretty ridiculous , " Samir Ingle told KGO . "  It was maybe half a year . I find that really , really disturbing . " In the Steubenville case , Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 , were found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl who had had too much to drink . That trial gained media attention for its lurid text messages , cell phone pictures and videos , and social media posts surrounding the sexual abuse of the girl . Canadian rape victim 's family : We want justice , not vigilante justice CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Family of Audrie Pott plans to file wrongful death suit against 3 accused teens Suit will name parents at whose house party allegedly took place , lawyer says Pott killed herself ; her family contends she was driven to end life after being raped
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Like that other famous environmentalist , Thomas Friedman began his talk at the Asia Society in Hong Kong on December 16 with a simple PowerPoint slide . But that 's where the similarities between Al Gore and The New York Times columnist end . Thomas L. Friedman has taken on a green hue with his latest book , "  Hot , Flat and Crowded " . Unlike Gore , Friedman is a distinctly different shade of green , a deeply pragmatic green that believes economic forces can usher in a revolution in environmental policy . He argues that systemic change simply requires showing the world that it needs green technology and letting pure economics do the rest . As a journalist , Friedman makes no claims to having scientific expertise in climate change . He is approaching it from a philosophical standpoint . Green capital Friedman 's new book "  Hot , Flat and Crowded " is not a major departure from his previous books . Whether he 's discussing globalization or green industry , he is writing from his deep-seated belief in the markets . He is an unabashed capitalist . For Friedman , the system works but it 's not immune to bad decision-making . Green industry like globalization will come of age if given the right market environment . His faith in capitalism is equal to that in green technology -- for him , these are two things that are clearly reconcilable . So how do we do this ? America as the bastion for innovation , Friedman argues , should play a big role . In fact , he confesses it really is n't a book about the environment and energy , its a book about America . For Friedman , America is slipping down the ranks of hegemonic power and climate change is its big chance to reposition itself as a global leader . The environment is merely an allegory for how the U.S. will achieve this revival . As an extension of that argument , all countries need to do the same . Right now , no country has really taken the lead in environmental technology , so what we have at the moment is an all out race to the top . Indeed Friedman 's book was written before the financial meltdown but recent events have furthered his argument that environmental technology is the solution of all solutions . It 's a sentiment I also came across at the recent Clinton Global Initiative meeting . Green Dream Team Friedman seemed cautiously optimistic about Obama 's ability to lead the green revolution . Given the disarray of many of America 's financial institutions , it 's unclear whether this new green message will get through . A glimmer of hope however is Obama 's newly appointed energy secretary Steven Chu . There 's been extensive chatter about him on environmental blogs in recent days with the media calling Chu the head of Obama 's "  Green Dream Team . " Friedman made a ringing endorsement of Chu as did many in the audience that day . Steven Chu , Nobel Laureate and the head of Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory , is seen as a promising choice for many environmentalists , one perhaps that proves Obama 's intention to fulfill a key campaign promise on energy policy . Chu himself underwent an interesting move from physics to environmental technology . He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1997 but left the world of Quantum Physics to study the science of global warming . As head of Berkeley National Lab , he led projects to the tune of $ 650 million channeling much of it towards green technology to develop advanced biofuels and solar power . Watch a video of Steven Chu from Berkeley University Changing light bulbs and leaders The audience listening to Friedman that day was clearly appreciative of his no-nonsense approach to the green issue . As Friedman puts it , "  it 's not about changing light bulbs , it 's about changing leaders . " He confessed to having attended too many Earth Day concerts in the past and that no matter how many celebrities you get to show up or how you offset the event , it wo n't be enough to set off this green revolution . So as I sat there wondering whether the fish the guests had been eating for lunch was sustainable , for Friedman , it did n't really matter . For his revolution , he had bigger fish to fry .	Journalist and author of "  Hot , Flat and Crowded " spoke at Hong Kong event Pragmatic approach to environmentalism also a means to transform U.S. economy For Friedman , innovation in energy technology is solution of all solutions
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Amid ominous economic forecasts and repeated bleak reports about America 's financial future , messages of hope can be hard to come by . New billboards offer upbeat messages to get people to stay positive during the recession . One advertising campaign , dubbed "  Recession 101 , " has hit the nation 's roadsides with an array of slogans aimed at getting people to think optimistically during the recession . The economic "  lessons , " which include such catchphrases such as "  self worth beats net worth , " and "  stop obsessing about the economy , you 're scaring the children , " started going up in May and now number around 2,000 postings across the country , according to Jeff Golimowski of the Outdoor Advertising Association of America . Members of the OAAA donated printing , materials and billboard space , while a private anonymous donor paid for the campaign 's design , Golimowski said . Recession 101 currently exists in more than 30 states , among them Michigan and Rhode Island , which have been hit particularly hard by the current economic downturn . The clever expressions , presented on backdrops meant to look like lined notepad paper , can be found on digital billboards , traditional billboards and posters . "  This will end long before those who started it are paroled , " one billboard reads . Most of the mottos do not take a cynical view , though . "  Recession 101 is n't selling anything other than the American spirit , " the campaign 's Web site reads .	Recession billboards offer upbeat messages during rough economic times Ad campaign pops up in 30 states , including hard-hit Michigan , Rhode Island Anonymous donor paid for campaign 's design
CNN  -- On February 12 , 2009 , Christopher Savoie received an e-mail from his ex-wife that he had feared would come . Christopher Savoie is in jail in Japan after trying to get back his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . About a month after their bitter divorce , in which Noriko Savoie promised as part of the agreement she would n't return to Japan with their children to live , she threatened to do just that . "  It 's very difficult to watch kids becoming American and losing Japanese identity , " Noriko Savoie wrote her ex-husband in the e-mail , according to Tennessee court documents . "  I am at the edge of the cliff . I can not hold it anymore if you keep bothering me . " Now she is in Japan with the children . Christopher Savoie sits in a Japanese jail accused of trying to kidnap them . He practically predicted it would end this way . The couple , citizens of the United States and Japan , were married for 14 years and lived in Japan . But they came to the United States with 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca . They divorced in January 2009 after Christopher Savoie was unfaithful . Noriko Savoie was given custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . During the divorce , Christopher Savoie was concerned that his ex-wife would move to Japan with the children . After receiving the threatening e-mail , he went to court to try to prevent that . He pleaded with a judge in March to stop Noriko Savoie from being able to travel to Japan for summer vacation . He knew if she took the children to Japan to live the deck would be stacked against him . Japanese law would recognize Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian and he might never see his children again . Noriko Savoie told a judge the words in her e-mail were in the heat of the moment ; she was angry that her ex-husband had just married the woman who caused their marriage to end . "  I was very , very -- at the peak of my frustration ... " Noriko Savoie told a judge , according to court transcripts . "  He actually married three days before that e-mail . He remarried the person -- a woman whom he was having affair -LSB- with -RSB- , so I was very depressed and -- but also angry . " Noriko Savoie was asked repeatedly in court if she would try to take the children and flee to Japan . Her answer was always no . "  I have never thought about taking children away from their father , never , " she told the judge . Christopher Savoie did n't believe her . Their divorce had been rocky , both of them said . The court documents reveal bitter fights and mediations during the divorce . The two accused each other of sending harassing e-mails . They also fought over sending the kids to baseball , Scouts and other activities . Noriko Savoie accused him of not giving her enough money to take English language lessons or go to school so she could get a job . He accused her of not trying hard enough to enroll or find a place to live . Dad paid ex-wife $ 800K in divorce " Despite those issues , Christopher Savoie said his only concern was making sure he would n't be separated from his children . He knew trying to get the kids back would be "  a futile effort " if Noriko Savoie did flee with the children , according to court documents . He laid out in court a scenario similar to what he is facing . "  If she were to go to Japan with the children and with primary custodial rights , there 's pretty much no doubt that I would have a very difficult time enforcing my rights to visitation should Noriko decide not to let the children see me , " he said . He said he 'd have a hard time paying expensive legal fees because most of his money was tied up in his house , car and 401  k  after he gave Noriko Savoie more than $ 700,000 as part of the divorce settlement . With that money , he feared she 'd be able to move and hide the children from him . When appointed parental coordinators asked her if she planned to take the children to Japan , she hesitated and simply answered "  I think the kids will be happy if I 'm happy . " The judge asked Noriko Savoie rhetorically whether she would be willing to put up money , essentially a bond , to ensure she 'd return from Japan . She agreed , but was never asked to do so . Judge James G. Martin III warned Noriko Savoie she would lose her alimony , education funds and other money if she fled with the children , before ruling that he believed she would n't abscond with them and allowed her to travel to Japan . Noriko Savoie followed the court 's rules and took the children on vacation and returned during the required time to the United States . But days later , she took the children back to Japan . The court in the United States granted Christopher Savoie full custody after Noriko Savoie fled the country . But that court order means nothing in Japan , where courts generally favor mothers in custody disputes . The couple is also still considered married in Japan , because they never divorced there , Japanese police said Wednesday . And , police said , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports . A 1980 Hague Convention standardized laws on international child abduction , but Japan is not a party to that agreement . Christopher Savoie knew all this when he decided this week to go to Japan to get his children back . He took the children as Noriko Savoie walked them to school Monday in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan . He headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka on the Southern island of Kyushu , to try to obtain passports for the children , screaming at the guards to let him in the compound . He was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested . Christopher Savoie , who will be in jail for the next 10 days while Japanese officials sort out the situation , told CNN 's Kyung Lah that he was scared and just wanted to see his children . "  I love you , Isaac , Rebecca , " he said . "  Your daddy loves you forever . I 'll be patient and strong until the day comes that I can see you both again . I am very sorry that I ca n't be with you . " Though he had warned everyone this was going to happen , this time he could speak in certainties . He said that though he knows it might be a tough battle , it 's one he will continue to vocalize . "  I want Americans to know what 's happening to me , " Christopher Savoie said in Japanese . "  I did n't do anything wrong . "	After bitter divorce , Noriko Savoie threatened in e-mail to take kids back to Japan Dad pleaded with judge not to allow ex-wife to go to Japan , fearing she might stay Noriko Savoie said repeatedly in court she would n't take kids away from dad Christopher Savoie now in jail in Japan after trying to get kids back from mother
CNN  -- The company at the center of a deadly meningitis outbreak was warned by its own environmental monitors of bacterial contamination of its facility months before the first cases were reported , a government report said Friday . Mold , and in some cases , an overgrowth of bacteria was detected in different areas of the New England Compounding Center 's two "  clean rooms " nearly 90 times since January , the Food and Drug Administration report said . Clean rooms are intended to be sterile environments in which drugs are produced . FDA warns higher-risk patients amid meningitis outbreak Despite the warnings from its own monitors , the FDA report says the compounding center did not investigate the reports of the contamination nor is there documented evidence it worked to decontaminate the affected areas . Tainted medications from the compounding center have been blamed for the outbreak of fungal meningitis that has caused 25 deaths and 338 illnesses . The FDA 's preliminary findings were released following an inspection of the compounding center this month . In addition to documented reports of bacterial contamination , FDA investigators observed "  greenish black foreign matter " and "  white filamentous material " in vials of methylprednisolone acetate -- the steroid linked to the meningitis outbreak . Vials contain fungus linked to meningitis outbreak The Framingham , Massachusetts-based compounding center acknowledged receiving the report Friday , but declined to comment beyond saying it will review the findings . "  We will follow the existing regulatory process and provide our comments to the FDA after we have had adequate time for a complete review of the report , " the company statement said . The FDA report comes the same week that the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy voted to revoke permanently the compounding center 's license to operate in the state as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists . A damning nine-page report released Tuesday by the same state board "  identified serious deficiencies and significant violations of pharmacy law and regulations that clearly placed the public 's health at risk . " Federal authorities have launched a criminal investigation into the center 's safety practices . Authorities were first alerted to the outbreak when a cluster of six rare fungal meningitis cases were reported in Tennessee on September 24 . The patients shared several risk factors , including an epidural injection of a steroid -- methylprednisolone acetate 80 mg/ml preservative free -- that had been compounded at the center . Since then , the outbreak has grown to 18 states . Opinion : Deadly meningitis outbreak was completely avoidable	Compounding center 's monitors found contamination in sterile rooms as early as January FDA found no evidence that the center took action to correct the problems A meningitis outbreak has caused 25 deaths and 338 illnesses
CNN  -- Radiation levels in fish caught near the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant remain high long after the 2011 meltdowns there , suggesting contamination from the site might still be seeping into Pacific waters , a U.S. researcher reported Thursday . The "  vast majority " of fish caught off Japan show no sign of radioactive contamination at levels dangerous to humans , even at the tighter limits Japan imposed after the Fukushima Daiichi accident , Ken Buesseler , a marine radiochemist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , wrote in this week 's edition of the journal Science . But close to the plant , an ongoing high level of the reactor byproducts cesium-134 and cesium-137 "  implies that cesium is still being released to the food chain , " he wrote . Nuclear plant operator admits downplaying risk The sources are likely to be from radioactive particles released by the plant that settled into sediment on the sea floor or from groundwater seeping into the ocean from the plant , as operators continue to pour tons of water a day into the reactors to keep them cool . Researchers ca n't say definitely which is the more likely source , "  but we know both are happening , " Buesseler told CNN . "  We ca n't say whether it 's today 's cooling water or from last April , but we continue to see cesium in the ocean , directly at the plant , is elevated , " he said . But he added that those levels are "  not dangerously high -- I do n't think we need to be alarmist about this . " The plant is no longer venting radioactive steam into the atmosphere , as it was at the height of the disaster . And the plant 's operator , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , has set up a system to absorb cesium from reactor coolant water . But not all that water is being recovered , Buesseler said . Mutant butterflies a result of nuclear disaster Buesseler was one of the organizers of an international research expedition three months after the disaster . He studied Japanese government reports of cesium contamination in about 8,500 fish caught at different locations off northeastern Japan for his latest findings . The tsunami that hit Fukushima Daiichi after Japan 's historic March 2011 earthquake knocked out power and coolant systems at the plant , resulting in meltdowns in three reactors . The result was the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl , as the crippled reactors spewed enormous amounts of radioactive particles into the environment . Most of the fallout from the plant was blown out to sea , where it was diluted in the vast Pacific . But while no deaths have been directly attributed to the accident , tens of thousands of people remain displaced from contaminated towns surrounding the plant . Radiation readings in the contaminated fish varied widely , with bottom-dwellers typically showing the highest results , Buesseler said . That suggests that contamination has settled over the seabed , where it will persist for decades -- cesium-137 takes 30 years to lose half its radioactivity , while cesium-134 has a radioactive half-life of only two years . Record radiation found in fish near Fukushima plant Cesium accumulates in the muscle tissues of fish , which eventually process and excrete most of it . Since April , Japanese authorities have banned fish that show levels of both cesium isotopes higher than 100 becquerels per kilogram of wet weight . Most fish caught beyond the shores of Fukushima Prefecture , where the plant is located , test well below that limit . But levels between 1,000 and 10,000 Bq/kg have been found in fish caught off Fukushima . In one surprising result , two greenling -- a typically bottom-dwelling , near-shore fish -- tested above 25,000 Bq/kg in August , Buesseler found . Buesseler credited Japan 's government for trying to protect the health of its people , noting , "  They certainly are n't hiding these numbers . " But he added , "  There 's a lot of uncertainty in the Japanese public what to believe , who 's telling the truth . And with radiation , there 's a lot of alarmism and fear that goes with it . " Japanese nuclear plant operator admits playing down risk The Tokyo Electric Power Company , the operator of the Fukushima plant , said it is monitoring radiation contamination in fish and has not seen any meaningful change , but has implemented a series of preventative measures as a precaution .	U.S. scientist : Cesium levels in fish point to ongoing source of contamination The source could be from the seabed or from ongoing leaks from the damaged plant Ken Buesseler studied thousands of Japanese catch reports for his study
CNN  -- A Pakistani political party official has publicly named two U.S. CIA officials in connection with a police murder investigation into a drone strike . Police had already initiated an investigation against unnamed persons after a recent drone strike that killed five . In a televised news conference Wednesday , Shireen Mazari , information secretary for the Tehreek-e-Insaf  PTI  party said she filed an addendum to the police complaint , singling out two U.S. officials . She gave the names of U.S. CIA Director John Brennan and a person identified as the CIA 's Station Chief based in Pakistan . U.S. officials did not confirm to CNN the accuracy of her claims . "  I ca n't speak to the alleged operational issues , but more broadly I note we have a strong ongoing dialogue with Pakistan regarding all aspects of our bilateral relationship and shared interests , " a U.S. Embassy official in Pakistan told CNN . If in fact Mazari outed the identity of a high-ranking CIA agent , it could have repercussions . In 2010 , the CIA recalled its top spy in Pakistan after he was identified in a lawsuit filed by a man whose son and brother were killed by a drone strike . The PTI is led by cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , a staunch opponent of drone strikes . His party is demanding that the national government block the ground supply lines to Afghanistan unless the United States ends the strikes , which have focused on Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas where many militants are based . Report : U.S. , Pakistan had secret agreement on dozens of drone strikes The drone strike that Mazari linked the CIA officials to happened in northwest Pakistan . The suspected U.S. drone strike killed six people in Hangu district , targeting a seminary belonging to the Afghan Haqqani Network . It was said to be one of the first U.S. drone strikes outside of Pakistan 's tribal districts . Police initially said that all the victims of the drone strike were Afghans , but there have been conflicting reports , and on Tuesday Mazari also said some victims were Pakistani . The Pakistani police initiated an investigation for murder and waging war on Pakistan . Mazari called for the high-ranking CIA official in Pakistan to be put on a list to prevent him from leaving the country . The country 's interior ministry said that as of Wednesday , it had not received such instructions . CNN has reached out to the CIA for comment on the developments . Bergen : New view of drone death toll Former drone operator shares his inner torment	A Pakistani political party publicizes the name of a person she says is CIA station chief The PTI party gave the police the names of two CIA officials in connection with a drone strike There is a murder investigation into the recent strike If in fact a CIA official was outed , it could have repercussions
Moscow  CNN  Russia was ready to put its nuclear forces on alert over the crisis in Crimea last year , such was the threat to Russian people there , President Vladimir Putin said in a documentary that aired on state TV on Sunday night . Asked if Russia was prepared to bring its nuclear weapons into play , Putin said : "  We were ready to do it . I talked with colleagues and told them that this  Crimea  is our historic territory , Russian people live there , they are in danger , we can not leave them . "  It was n't us who committed a coup , it was the nationalists and people with extreme beliefs . " But this was the worst-case scenario , he added , in the documentary broadcast on state-run channel Rossiya One . "  I do n't think this was actually anyone 's wish -- to turn it into a world conflict . " It was n't known when the interview was originally taped . It aired even as speculation mounted about Putin 's health , following an absence of several days from the public stage . He reappeared in public Monday . Russia formally annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula last March , after Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted following street protests that turned bloody . Russia called his ouster a coup by radical Ukrainian nationalists . Before Crimea was formally absorbed by Russia , unidentified armed men had taken control of its administrative buildings and key military sites . A referendum was held on March 16 , 2014 -- a year ago to the day -- on secession from Ukraine . Ukrainian officials at the time denied there was any threat to Russian citizens in Crimea . On Monday , Russia 's Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said Putin had ordered Russia 's Northern Fleet and other military units to be placed on full combat alert for snap checks , state media reported . "  The main aim ... is to evaluate the capabilities of the Northern Fleet to fulfill tasks on ensuring Russia 's military security in the Arctic , " Shoigu is quoted as saying by Russia 's Tass news agency . The exercise will involve 38,000 military personnel , 41 warships , 15 submarines and 110 planes and helicopters , Shoigu said , according to Tass . In the documentary , titled "  Crimea : Way Back Home , " Putin said Moscow had had no choice but to act . "  Crimea is n't just any territory for us , it is historically Russian territory , " he said . Crimea , a Black Sea peninsula that has been part of Ukraine since 1954 , has a majority Russian population and strong cultural and historical ties to Russia . It is also home to Russia 's Black Sea fleet , at the Sevastopol naval base . But Putin said he had never thought of "  dismembering " the peninsula from Ukraine until Yanukovych 's ouster . "  We can not leave this area and the people who live there to whims of fate , to let the people of Crimea be thrown under the wheels of this nationalist bulldozer , " he said . "  I set certain tasks . I did say what and how we should do , but immediately stressed that we would do so only if we are absolutely convinced that the people who live in the Crimea want it . " The vast majority of people who voted in the referendum approved secession from Ukraine . But the vote , staged while armed men controlled the region , was dismissed as illegal by Ukraine 's then-interim government in Kiev , the European Union and the United States . The West responded with financial sanctions against selected Russian figures and Crimean secessionist leaders . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , meeting with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Berlin on Monday , reiterated that Europe does not consider Russia 's annexation of Crimea to be legal . "  It is important that we work for a peaceful solution , and we will not give up before the full sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine has been restored , " she said . "  This not only includes Crimea but also now in our daily work the areas around Luhansk and Donetsk . " Unrest broke out in Ukraine 's eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions following Russia 's absorbing of Crimea . A fragile truce is currently in place but the conflict between pro-Russia separatists and Ukrainian forces there has claimed thousands of lives . Merkel warned that the European Union was ready to impose more sanctions if necessary against Russian interests to help ensure that a peace plan hammered out in Minsk , Belarus , last month is fully implemented . Putin told the documentary-makers he was certain the United States was behind the ouster of Yanukovych , which Moscow views as an illegal armed coup . "  Formally , the opposition was primarily supported by Europeans , but we knew very well ... that the real puppeteers were our American partners and friends . It was them who helped prepare nationalists  and  combat troops , " he said . He also said that sanctions should have been imposed against those who orchestrated what he called a coup , rather than those involved in Crimea 's annexation . Putin insisted in remarks to reporters last month that there was no chance Crimea would be returned to Ukraine . And it appears Russia is taking no chances . In the documentary , Putin said Russia 's Bastion high-precision coastal missile defense systems had been deployed to Crimea to protect the territory -- "  in such a way that they were seen perfectly well from outer space . " This can only be done following a decision by the supreme commander in chief , he said . "  So , at a certain point , we deployed these coastal systems Bastion to make it clear that Crimea was under safe protection , " he added . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Emma Burrows reported from Moscow , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Russian President Vladimir Putin was interviewed for a documentary on Crimea shown on Russian state TV Asked if Russia had been prepared to bring its nuclear weapons into play , Putin said : "  We were ready to do it "
PEOPLE.com  -- Never one to mince words , "  The Talk " co-host Sharon Osbourne came right out and asked guest Melissa Gilbert when she knew her sister Sara Gilbert was gay . While the question made Sara , 36 , who recently started dating Linda Perry , squirm a bit , the audience laughed and cheered . "  You know what , I 'll put it to you this way , " said Melissa , 47 , best known for her role on "  Little House on the Prairie . " "  I took her to dinner when she was in her teens and I sat her down and I gave her this long speech about how much I love you and it does n't matter and you 're my darling and blah , blah , blah and you can tell me anything . And she looked and me and she said , ` I 'm not gay . ' And I was like , ` OK , whatever . ' " "  Years later she called me and we were having a conversation about something and she said , ` You know , what if I just said that I 'm gay , ' and I went , ` And ? ' I mean I think always I kinda knew . " Sara , eager to change the subject , responded , "  Do n't we have a break coming up ? " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sara Gilbert recently started dating Linda Perry "  I mean I think always I kinda knew " Melissa Gilbert said on "  The Talk " Sara was eager to change the subject
What do you think of Edward Snowden ? By leaking classified documents to the media and revealing that the National Security Agency has been monitoring our phone and Internet usage , is he a traitor or a hero ? Could he simply be a narcissist looking to get famous ? Or do you not care about either him or the NSA surveillance programs ? Chris Cuomo , co-host of the new CNN morning show , "  New Day , " joined us to discuss the top issues in this week 's episode of "  The Big Three " podcast .  Be sure to tune in to "  New Day , " which premieres on Monday June 17 at 6 a.m. ET . I must note that while I disagreed with Cuomo 's view on Snowden , as a fellow graduate of Fordham Law School , his logic and comedy chops were impeccable . It 's something we share and that distinguishes me from my co-hosts Margaret Hoover and John Avlon .  At least that 's what I keep telling myself . Back to Edward Snowden . A poll this week found that 31 % of Americans consider him a patriot while 23 % view him as a traitor . But a whopping 46 % say they do n't know . Is it because these 46 % simply are n't following the story or because they have accepted government surveillance as the price for security ? The Snowden Index : A glance at opinions about the NSA leaker As Cuomo pointed out , Americans have "  matured " since 9/11 over the issue of government surveillance . Consequently , he believes that many do accept increased monitoring if it means that we can prevent another 9/11 or Boston Marathon bombing . But to me , "  we the people " have a right to know when our government is spying on us , especially when officials like James Clapper , the director of National Intelligence , denied such a program existed when asked about it under oath by Congress just a few months ago . How else can we hold our government accountable if we are n't informed of its actions ? To listen to this week 's podcast , click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page or find us on iTunes . The second issue we discuss this week will hopefully outrage and disgust you as much as it did us . There are few things that unite the left and right in America  or Margaret , John and I for that matter  but charities taking advantage of the sympathy and good will of Americans did just that . CNN teamed up with The Tampa Bay Times to reveal the 50 worst charities in America . Anyone considering donating money to a charity needs to first check out this list . These charities have raised millions of dollars pulling on the heartstrings of Americans by claiming to help children dying of cancer , disabled veterans , the less fortunate and others in need . What are they really doing ? Only giving pennies on the dollar to those they purport to assist while keeping 80 % to 90 % of the money raised for administrative costs -- such as paying their officers . We also highlighted some of the best charities in America , including the YMCA , Goodwill and the new "  Dean Obeidallah charity , " where I pledge to use 100 % of the money raised to help me , Dean Obeidallah . Finally , we turned to erotic books and the CIA . No , the CIA has n't started secretly spying on people who read erotica or investigating whether the "  Letters to Penthouse " are real . As the Daily Beast reported , the CIA 's new No. 2 person , Avril Danica Haines , once co-owned a bookstore where she featured "  Erotica nights " during which she and her guests would read aloud racy portions of books . John and Margaret applauded this as showing a human side to Haines as well as making the point that women in power can also be sexual beings . However , my view is that this type of story typifies why it 's so difficult for women to navigate up the government and corporate ladder . Those are our views . More importantly , we would love to hear your views on the three issues featured in this week 's episode of "  The Big Three . " Plus , follow us on Twitter , we are all needy -- me especially .	Chris Cuomo , co-host of new CNN show , "  New Day " chimes in on this week 's podcast Dean Obeidallah and Cuomo disagree on whether Edward Snowden is a traitor or hero Obeidallah , John Avlon and Margaret Hoover are outraged by the worst charities in the U.S. Last , the three discuss erotic books and the scandal involving CIA staffer Avril Haines
CNN  -- Donald Trump visited "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night to tout his new book , "  Think Like a Champion . " In a wide-ranging interview , Trump shared his thoughts on how to prosper in this economy , Bernie Madoff , how President Obama is doing , taxes and his daughter 's love life . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night , Donald Trump said it 's a great time for entrepreneurs . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : Why this book ? Donald Trump : A lot of people wanted me to do a book right now about these troubled times that we 're all in . And it 's been sort of interesting . They 're great times , as an entrepreneur . I do n't think I 've ever seen better times as an entrepreneur . But the world is a mess , and the country is a mess . King : Why -LSB- is it a -RSB- good time for an entrepreneur and not necessarily for others ? Trump : Well , this is a time for smart people . This is a time for entrepreneurial people . This is a great time for people like me -- and maybe people like you , Larry , because I know you 're a great investor . ... Were n't you involved with -LSB- Bernie -RSB- Madoff ? King : A little bit , yes . You were n't , huh ? How did you resist him ? Trump : Honestly , I got lucky . He might have duped me like he did a lot of other people . He is a disaster . But now he 's where he belongs . King : With troubled times like this for the average guy , is this the time to think like a champion ? Watch Larry King 's entire interview with Donald Trump " Trump : This is the best time to think like a champion . As an example , the house is being foreclosed . You go see your bank -- maybe you can make a deal , maybe you ca n't . But you can make a deal with a bank on another house , and much better than the one you 're living in . ... They 'll do any deal to get rid of their product . They have houses by the thousands . And you go see that bank and you make a deal . King : How do you assess -LSB- Barack Obama -RSB- ? Trump : Well , I really like him . I think that he 's working very hard . He 's trying to rebuild our reputation throughout the world . The previous administration was a total disaster , a total catastrophe . And , you know , the world looks at us differently than they used to . ... He was handed a pretty bad deck of cards . And I 'm not saying I agree with everything he 's doing . ... I do agree with what they 're doing with the banks . Whether they fund them or nationalize them , it does n't matter , but you have to keep the banks going . King : Do you assess him as a champion ? Trump : Oh , yes , he 's a champion . I mean , he won against all odds . When he first announced , people were giving him virtually no chance . And he 's just done something that 's amazing . King : Is fear harmful in this -LSB- economic -RSB- situation , Donald , or is it realistic ? Trump : Well , I think it 's realistic . People are afraid . They 're scared . They 're losing their jobs . They 're losing their homes . And certainly there is a word known as fear , and there 's nothing wrong with being fearful . But you have to do something about it . And that 's what I write about in the book . You go out . You go to the right place , where there 's better employment . You get a trade where they really need people . King : Have you had to lay off people ? Because it seems everyone has had to do that . Trump : It 's a sad thing , but whether it 's "  The Apprentice " or not , the fact is you have to say to some people : "  You 're fired . " The world is different . King : You said that this is a good time to buy real estate . What about financing ? What if you want to buy and you ca n't get the mortgage ? Trump : Larry , this is a great time to buy real estate . And as far as financing is concerned , the only financing you should be thinking about is seller financing . If the seller wo n't give you financing , do n't do it , because the banks are not doing their job . They 're not providing financing for deals . King : New York state is planning a so-called millionaire 's tax . It would affect those with incomes starting at $ 300,000 . Yea or nay ? Trump : Well , it 's a ridiculous thing . Albany is going to destroy ... this state . And they are raising taxes on rich people . The rich people have lots of options , Larry . One option is Palm Beach , Florida . You move down to Palm Beach ; it 's not the worst thing in the world . I do n't have to live on Fifth Avenue . I do n't have to live on Park Avenue . It 's hard , psychologically , for me to leave , but very easy physically . King : Why do n't patriots want to pay taxes ? Trump : Well , I do n't know that that 's necessarily unpatriotic . I think they want to pay taxes . Obviously , you have to pay taxes . But they want to pay a reasonable tax , and they do n't want to see the money squandered . Money in this country is being squandered . King : OK . But then we would debate reasonable . Trump : Well , you always debate reasonable . I think unreasonable is the war in Iraq . I mean , there 's $ 1 trillion right there . And , more importantly , thousands of people -- both on our side and the other side -- hundreds of thousands of people killed and maimed and so badly hurt , I think it 's just a shame . Now , to me , that 's unreasonable . And , by the way , ... Saddam Hussein did not knock down the World Trade Center . King : Has the economy at all cramped your lifestyle ? Anything you had to change ? Trump : No , because I think I understand life . I think I understand how to live . I 'm enjoying my life . I do n't really live in an as extravagant a way as people think . As an entrepreneur , this is the best time I think I 've ever seen in business . King : There 's buzz that your beautiful daughter Ivanka is engaged or getting engaged . What 's up ? Trump : She has a beautiful boyfriend . He 's a great guy , but they are not engaged . King : Would you like them to ? Is he the kind of guy you would except as a son-in-law ? Trump : He certainly is a wonderful guy . But it 's all up to her . If she 's happy , I 'm happy .	Trump advises to take advantage of low prices , get seller to do the financing Trump : Obama rebuilding U.S. reputation ; previous administration was a disaster He 's mad about possible higher taxes in New York , says he could move to Florida Trump likes the guy his daughter is dating , but she 's not engaged
If you 've checked into the wrong hotel , business trips can be tedious , if not exhausting . Fortunately , long gone are the days when a "  good " business hotel simply meant having free Wi-Fi and a coffee maker in the room . Whether they 're offering amazing art collections or lessons in Japanese etiquette , these 11 global hotels prove that business travel does n't have to be boring . The Ritz-Carlton , Dubai International Financial Center  Dubai , UAE Located in the heart of Dubai 's financial center , this hotel 's pièce de resistance is its 130-piece art collection . The most popular exhibit is the three-meter  nine feet  aluminum shark in the lobby 's waterfall . Repeat visitor ? The city 's Opera Gallery regularly loans pieces to the hotel to ensure its collection remains fresh . "  Every time I stay I see new pieces of art , " says Sarah Rickard , human resources director at management and consultancy firm WSP . "  Staff go the extra mile to wow you . During my last stay , seeing my toothpaste was running low , housekeeping replaced it with a new tube and left a note to let me know . " The Ritz-Carlton , Dubai International Financial Center , Gate Village , Dubai International Finance Center , Dubai , United Arab Emirates ; +971 4 372 2222 ; from $ 306 per night Trident , Nariman Point  Mumbai Business travelers often moan that they rarely get to explore the cities they visit . Not a problem for guests at Mumbai 's Trident , Nariman Point . Those who stay three nights minimum get complimentary use of a chauffer-driven car for four hours . The hotel itself has some of Mumbai 's largest conference facilities , with nine venues and 10,000 square feet of space . If you find time for the pool in between meetings , the hotel offers complimentary bottled water and sun block . After all , convincing jealous colleagues your trip to India was purely business might be tricky if you 're sporting a sunburn . Trident , Nariman Point , Nariman Point , Mumbai , India ; +91 22 6632 6310 ; from $ 176 per night Europa Hotel  Belfast , Northern Ireland Eating well on business trips can be tricky . Which is why we wish more hotels would follow the lead of the the 272-room Europa Hotel , which has its own rooftop garden . The produce -- which includes rhubarb , thyme , parsley , sage , and chives -- is n't just used in food , but in the cocktails , too . The Europa Hotel has 17 meeting rooms and can cater for meetings of up to 1,200 guests . "  The Europa has the ideal location in Belfast , offering hassle-free access to global transport links , " says former champion boxer Barry McGuigan , now CEO of Cyclone Promotions . "  It 's become a home away from home , and with previous guests including President Bill Clinton , I 'm in good company . " Europa Hotel , Great Victoria Street , Belfast , Northern Ireland ; +44 28 9027 1066 ; from $ 72 per night The Crawford Hotel  Denver , Colorado Denver 's Union Station is home to 13 businesses . In July , The Crawford Hotel opened -- right inside the station -- after a $ 54 million renovation . Added extras that make this hotel special include complimentary car service within a two-mile radius and in-room iPads . "  The Crawford is my top choice because it 's located in a beautiful , landmark building , " says Steve De Marco , vice president of sales for Xactly Corp. . "  It also offers easy access to Denver 's many transit sources , including Light Rail and the 16th Street Mall Shuttle . And you ca n't beat the station 's mix of restaurants and bars for entertaining clients . " The Crawford Hotel , Denver 's Union Station , 1701 Wynkoop St. , Denver , Colorado ; +1 720 460 3700 ; from $ 289 per night More : The world 's 50 best bars Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth  Montreal Another hotel helping time-poor business travelers explore their host city is Montreat 's Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth , where guests can get off the treadmill and check out the area by joining the hotel 's running club . Prefer to go it alone ? The running concierge is an accomplished triathlete who can recommend the best running routes for each individual 's fitness level . The hotel is located directly above the main train station and is also connected to Montreal 's underground network . When it 's time for work , there are 34 function rooms and more than 50,000 square feet of meeting space . Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth , 900 René-Lévesque Blvd. . W. , Montreal , Quebec ; +1 514 861 3511 ; from $ 150 per night Brooklands Hotel  Surrey , UK Brooklands Hotel is about as far-removed from your typical business hotel as it gets . Yet it ticks all the right boxes , offering great transport links into London , and the headquarters of various multinationals are just a short walk away . Perhaps best of all , it 's located near the historic Brooklands motor racing circuit and just meters from Mercedes-Benz World UK , where visitors can work on their team building skills with some laps around the test drive circuit . When it 's time to talk business , there 's the chic 1907 restaurant and bar , which is known for both its enormous steaks and fancy cocktails . Brooklands Hotel , Brooklands Drive , Weybridge , Surrey , UK ; +44 1932 335 700 ; from $ 223 per night Palace Hotel Tokyo  Tokyo It 's scarily easily to make a cultural faux pas while doing business in Japan . Which is why the 290-room Palace Hotel Tokyo has recently introduced its Cultivating Tokyo package , the highlight of which is a four-hour private session with a connoisseur on the country 's etiquette . You 'll learn how to exchange business cards  or meishi koukan  , best practices during meals and the importance of body language in Japanese society . The color palette of the hotel , which is located in the Marunouchi district , was inspired by a kimono . Palace Hotel Tokyo , 1-1-1 Marunouchi , Chiyoda-ku , Tokyo ; +81 3 3211 5211 ; from $ 464 per night St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel  London This historic hotel features 245 guest rooms , including 38 restored suites , is in the same building as the Eurostar train station and just meters from the London underground . Stressed executives staying in the hotel 's Chambers rooms get access to a bath concierge , whose sole job is to prepare the soak of their dreams . They also get a wet shave in the Gentlemen 's Tonic barbershop and VIP Eurostar transfer service . St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel , Euston Road , London ; +44 207 841 3540 ; from $ 401 per night Barceló Málaga  Málaga , Spain If the thought of windowless conference rooms and featureless lobbies bores you to tears , consider this quirky hotel in Málaga 's city center . There 's a giant pair of lips in reception , huge , colorful murals in the rooms and the hotel 's Convention Center consists of 16 rooms which , when combined , can accommodate 700 people . The funky first floor B-Lounge is a great place to chat up clients ... or whoever . And you can leave in style -- via a slide that 'll deliver you  or your client  straight down to reception in a matter of seconds . Barceló Málaga , Calle Héroe de Sostoa , 2 , Málaga , Spain ; +34 952 047 494 ; from $ 165 per night Threadneedles  London This beautiful hotel in London 's financial district was previously the head offices of the London City & Midland Bank . There are several original features , such as a hand-painted dome dating to 1856 . Guests who entertain clients in the Bonds Bar can check out the original banking counter . The hotel has joined forces with tour guide Sophie Campbell to create a series of tours that can be squeezed in between meetings and tailor-made to focus on guests ' interests , whether it 's the history of the financial district or the markets of the East End . Threadneedles , 5 Threadneedle St. , London ; +44  0  20 7657 8080 ; from $ 281 per night Radisson Blu Mall of America  Bloomington , Minnesota If you believe in the power of retail therapy , this hotel is for you . It 's the only hotel attached to one of America 's largest shopping malls , but it 's also just a few miles from St. Paul International Airport . Guests staying in Business Class rooms on the 13th floor get a complimentary breakfast , cocktails , concierge services and use of an iPad throughout their stay . "  The FireLake Grill House & Cocktail Bar has a particularly great vibe , " says regular guest Eric Mandernack , a regional account specialist at ADI . Radisson Blu Mall of America , 2100 Killebrew Drive , Bloomington , Minnesota ; +1 952 881 5258 ; from $ 140 per night	Business hotels are predictably cookie cutter . Not this selection The Ritz-Carlton , Dubai International Financial Center has a 130-piece art collection St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel has views of the city 's Eurostar station from the hotel rooms Worried about blowing the deal in Japan ? The Palace Hotel Tokyo offers classes in local business etiquette
CNN  -- A political battle is shaping up in the Garden State about whether to give gay and lesbian couples the right to wed -- a move that , if approved , would make New Jersey the seventh state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage . How the issue plays out was the subject of a series of political thrusts and parries this week between a Democratic-controlled state legislature and a Republican governor , who supports New Jersey 's civil unions but opposes same-sex marriage . Gov. Chris Christie , a conservative favorite once thought of as a potential presidential contender , called Tuesday for a state-wide referendum to settle the issue . "  This issue that our state 's exploring , whether or not to redefine hundreds of years of societal and religious traditions , should not be decided by 121 people in the statehouse in Trenton , " the governor said during a town hall meeting . "  The institution of marriage is too serious to be treated like a political football . " The referendum would put the decision into the hands of residents of New Jersey , where recent polling suggests that those in favor of legalizing hold a slight majority . It would also largely absolve Christie from making good on a pledge to veto the bill during a legislative session -- a move that analysts say may help preserve his conservative credentials , while presumably stealing a win from Democratic lawmakers who have long pushed for the measure . A recent Quinnipiac University poll found that 52 % of New Jersey voters are in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage . But Christie 's Democratic opponents argue that a referendum should n't be used to decide civil rights issues , pointing to historic legislative and judicial decisions regarding the rights of African Americans and women . "  We do not put civil rights questions on the ballot , " Senate Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg said Tuesday . "  With all due respect to my colleagues at the other side of the table , a couple of them took a cop out . " Christie 's statement Tuesday also frustrated gay-rights advocates , whose spirits were buoyed a day earlier with the governor 's nomination of Bruce Harris , New Jersey 's first openly gay state Supreme Court justice if confirmed . "  It 's abhorrent to put civil rights on the ballot , " said Steven Goldstein , chairman of a gay and lesbian rights group called Garden State Equality . "  They want to corrupt the political system with donor money . The kind of money that we ca n't raise . " The likelihood of a referendum reaching voters is uncertain given the makeup of the Democratic-controlled state legislature . Activists , in opposing such referendums , often point to the politics of Maine and California . In 2009 , Maine state legislators passed a same-sex marriage bill that drew subsequent challenges by opponents who pushed for a referendum that ultimately overturned the law with 53 % of the vote . Still , gay rights advocates in Maine this week garnered thousands of signatures in an effort to force a second referendum in November . In California , a 2008 public vote outlawed gay and lesbian couples ' right to wed. . Two years later , a federal district court overturned the voter-approved measure known as Proposition 8 , saying couples were unfairly denied their rights . The ban has remained in place during the appeals process and could soon get a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court . Similar battles have also unfolded in Maryland and Washington state , where same-sex marriage opponents have pressed for referendums to counter bills that appear to enjoy growing support in their state houses . Earlier this week , Mary Margaret Haugen -- once considered the holdout vote in Washington 's 49-member Senate , said she would step in as the crucial 25th vote in order to pass the marriage bill . Supporters say the legislation already has a majority behind it in the state House of Representatives , and Washington 's Democratic Gov. Christine Gregoire pledged to sign the bill if passed . But opponents told the Senate Government Operations Committee that they are n't done fighting . Joseph Backholm , director of the Family Policy Institute of Washington , said the issue should be put to a public vote . "  If we as a state are going to take the position that mothers and fathers are interchangeable and replaceable , if we are going to send a message to fathers and potential fathers in this state that it is n't important to be in the lives of their children because dads specifically do n't matter , that is something we should all do together , " he said . In June , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed into law a bill that made his state the sixth to legalize same-sex marriage , more than doubling the number of Americans living in places that permit such unions . Five other states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and New Hampshire -- and the District of Columbia currently grant same-sex marriage licenses . With Hawaii and Delaware joining the list earlier this month , five other states now recognize civil unions , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . New Jersey , Illinois and Rhode Island also recognize civil unions providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	Gov. Chris Christie has called for a referendum to settle the same-sex marriage issue Gay rights advocates argue that such issues should n't go to a public vote A recent poll found that 52 % of New Jersey voters are in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage Six states and the District of Columbia currently grant same-sex marriage licenses
CNN  -- Delvin Barnes , who allegedly abducted a Philadelphia nurse 's assistant and held her for three days , made a court appearance Friday to plead not guilty to kidnapping charges . He was indicted Thursday , according to the Philadelphia U.S. Attorney 's office . Carlesha Freeland-Gaither 's abduction on November 2 was captured on a surveillance video in Philadelphia and sparked a manhunt involving the FBI , Philadelphia police , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the U.S. Marshal 's Service . Freeland-Gaither , 22 , was found in Jessup , Maryland on November 5 . Barnes , 37 , was arrested that same day after police tracked him down using his car 's GPS device . Barnes allegedly forced the victim to lie bound and cold in the trunk of his car as he drove from Philadelphia to Maryland , court documents said . When he was arrested in Maryland , he was in the back seat of his car , lying next to the victim . If convicted , Barnes faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment . A month before Barnes allegedly abducted Freeland-Gaither in Philadelphia , he hit a teen with a shovel in Virginia and stuffed her into the trunk of a car , authorities said . Before he appeared in court for the alleged Philadelphia abduction , he was booked and processed in Virginia in connection with the other alleged kidnapping . Maryland extradited him to Virginia , where he was booked and processed Thursday night . Freeland-Gaither was abducted after she got off a bus in Philadelphia 's Germantown-Penn Knox area . As she walked the few blocks to her home , the suspect 's car passed her and quickly parked . A man then got out and met Freeland-Gaither at an intersection , Philadelphia police Chief Inspector Dennis Wilson said . Then her abductor pounced . Surveillance video showed Freeland-Gaither forcibly led away to a car after a brief tussle on the ground . During the struggle , her glasses and cell phone fell to the road . She kept fighting -- even breaking a passenger side window -- but the car sped away . Barnes admitted to the abduction , according to a criminal complaint . The alleged abductor left behind a string of clues . A day after the kidnapping , the suspect allegedly used her ATM card at a machine in Aberdeen , Maryland . The same day , he allegedly used her card to make a purchase at a convenience store . Police released surveillance video of both transactions . A car dealer identified Barnes from the videos and alerted authorities that he had placed a GPS device in the suspect 's car because of concerns about his bad credit , authorities said . The GPS device in the suspect 's car is used to alert customers when they 're behind on payments and also allows dealers to track down the vehicle and stop it , said PassTime USA CEO Stan Schwartz , the head of the company that made the unit . Barnes , who made his initial court appearance in Philadelphia on Wednesday , will be tried there before being turned over to authorities in Virginia . The 16-year-old victim in the Virginia case was sexually abused and doused with bleach and gasoline before she managed to get away , police said . In Virginia , Barnes is charged with abduction , forcible rape and malicious wounding with a chemical , among other charges . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Delvin Barnes pleads not guilty to kidnapping change He was indicted in the kidnapping of a nurse in Philadelphia He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted Barnes is also charged in alleged abduction of 16-year-old girl in Virginia last month
CNN  -- Defending champion Novak Djokovic dropped just five games as he progressed to the third round of the U.S. Open on Friday . The Serb needed only one hour and 39 minutes on court to see off Brazil 's Rogerio Dutra Silva in straight sets  6-2 6-1 6-2  , but said the scoreline did n't reflect the battle . "  It was very windy so it was very important to stay focused , but I played great . Even if the scoreline does n't indicate it , it was a tough match , " Djokovic said . "  It 's important to get a day 's rest and work on some things in my game and get ready for the next challenge , " Djokovic added . That next challenge is likely to be 31st seed Julien Benneteau of France who plays U.S. teenager Dennis Novikov later on Friday . Benneteau 's compatriot Richard Gasquet also coasted through his second round match beating America 's Bradley Klahn 6-3 6-3 6-1 . Earlier , America 's Steve Johnson booked his place in the third round with a four-set  6-7 7-6 6-3 6-4  win over Latvia 's Ernests Gulbris , as did fourth seed David Ferrer . The Spaniard , a semi-finalist at Flushing Meadows back in 2007 , was a comfortable 6-2 6-3 7-6  14-12  winner over Dutch qualifier Igor Sijsling . Andy Roddick will be looking to delay his impending retirement when he plays Australia 's Bernard Tomic later on Friday .	Serb drops five games in comfortable win over Brazilian Dutra Silva Fourth seed David Ferrer through to third round after straight sets win over Dutch qualifier Sijsling Andy Roddick playing against Bernard Tomic late Friday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- After 2,000 years of Christian prayer , many faithful still do n't know how to pray effectively , pastor Daniel Henderson says . "  Most Christians pray out of crisis or pray a grocery list , " he said , making "  God a lifeline of last resort . " Henderson teaches that prayer should be about worshipping God , having a one-to-one relationship through prayer . "  Every believer wants to be intimate with God and experience his power in a personal way , " he said . "  Many are hungry to be more effective , because they have n't been taught . " Teaching is what sends Henderson across the country . He 's on "  The Creative Prayer Tour , " a series of workshops that will have stopped in 14 cities by year 's end . Henderson also is an author and head of a group called Strategic Renewal , based in Forest , Virginia , which aims to strengthen churches through worship-based prayer . The prayer workshop was life-changing , said pastor Jeremy Johnson of Arcade Church in Sacramento , California . Johnson said the training helped turn him from an angry recovering alcoholic to a spiritual life pastor . "  It changed my perspective on prayer from being ask , ask , ask to building a relationship with God , " Johnson said . "  It went from God being a vending machine to actually having a relationship with him , acknowledging who he is as opposed to what he does . " Such is the demand for the prayer summits that Henderson speaks at 20 to 30 churches and to as many as 13,000 college students annually , he said . Even pillars of the Christian faith struggle with prayer . "  As for me , the silence and the emptiness is so great that I look and do not see , listen and do not hear , " Mother Teresa told the Rev. Michael Van Der Peet in 1979 , expressing her concern about decades seemingly going by without her prayers being answered . Henderson cites The Lord 's Prayer in the sixth chapter of the book of Matthew as the blueprint for Christians , containing what could be called the four Rs of prayer . He breaks down the passage this way from the New Living Translation of the Bible : Reverence -- "  Pray like this : Our Father in heaven , may your name be kept holy . " Response -- "  May your will be done on Earth , as it is in heaven . " Requests -- "  Give us today the food we need , and forgive us our sins , as we have forgiven those who sin against us . " Readiness -- "  And do n't let us yield to temptation , but rescue us from the evil one . " The Lord 's Prayer is a simple invocation that is recited weekly at many Christian churches and comes from Jesus ' Sermon on the Mount , a compilation of his teachings . "  It 's OK to use a set formula/pattern , " according Cyndi McDonald , an associate minister at First United Methodist Church in Marietta , Georgia . "  The disciples asked Jesus how to pray , and he gave The Lord 's Prayer . " No matter how people pray , it 's a part of American life , according to a recent poll by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . The study shows that 75 percent of Americans of all faiths -- including Christians , Jews and Muslims -- report praying at least once a week , while 39 percent attend services weekly . McDonald said the numbers could use some interpreting . "  What do they mean by pray ? A quick blessing over a meal ? An hour spent in solitude ? " she asks . For Henderson , the prayer statistics point to a yearning for God . "  The hunger is there for a personal faith . It indicates a spiritual hunger that wo n't be satisfied , " he said . "  It 's a personal thing and very real beyond the walls of church . "	Pastor Daniel Henderson : "  Most Christians pray out of crisis or pray a grocery list " His 14-city "  Creative Prayer Tour " seeks to transform how Americans pray Henderson cites The Lord 's Prayer as the blueprint for Christians Remember the four R 's : Reverence , Response , Requests , Readiness
CNN  -- The teen who stunned the world of tennis Tuesday from Wimbledon 's Centre Court , beating Rafael Nadal in an audacious , four-set victory laced with fun and brazen moves , has had his fairytale first Wimbledon brought to an close . Nick Kyrgios ' run came to an abrupt halt Wednesday , with Milos Raonic , the No. 8 seed from Canada , disposing of the young Australian , 6-7 6-2 6-4 7-6 . But the 19-year-old from Canberra 's achievement will live on as one of the shocks of the tournament . To meet tennis world number one Rafael Nadal on the court at Wimbledon in his first appearance there , and to not only triumph , but to do so with an assortment of tricks , including an opening ace and a sublime between-the-legs flick that left the Spanish great dumbfounded , counts as a memorable introduction . "  Never did I think a week ago I was going to make the quarterfinals of Wimbledon in my first appearance , " the wild-card entry , ranked 144 in the world , said in a press conference after taking this famous scalp . Heightened expectations Until his win over Nadal , he was likely content to experience the tournament , play his Xbox -- which he brought with him from Australia -- and hang out with his father and sister , who accompanied him to London . He said he 'd text his mother a smiley face after the press event ended . Now , expectations are somewhat heightened . On court , Kyrgios carries himself confidence and verve that belies his 19 years of age , as his unorthodox , Nadal-stumping shot clearly demonstrated . After besting the five-time finalist over four sets , the world has been alerted to Australian tennis ' worst-kept secret , a serial winner -- and world junior number 1 -- at youth level who is taking his senior career in his stride . Many are tipping the right-handed , attacking baseliner as a future great of the game . It 's not an Aussie fairytale without precedent , however . In 1996 , at another Grand Slam event , a young Mark Philippoussis -- an Australian who also boasts Greek heritage -- knocked out then-number 1 Pete Sampras to reach the fourth round . "  That 's what it reminded me of , where  Kyrgios  just did n't go away -- he kept going for the shots and kept coming up with the goods , " Australian great Pat Cash told the Sydney Morning Herald . "  It was extremely impressive . It was amazing . It was almost faultless . " He started playing at six , and his background -- Greek-Australian on his father 's side and Malaysian on his mother 's -- is emblematic of multicultural , modern Australia , and currently divides his time between his hometown of Canberra and Melbourne , the spiritual home of Australian tennis . He 's at home on grass -- something that can not necessarily be said for his erstwhile opponent , who has endured a torrid time at Wimbledon in recent years . Becker comparison After his phenomenal win over Nadal , comparisons are plenty , given the number of precocious talents who have graced Centre Court . But perhaps the most flattering is with the great Boris Becker , who as an unsmiling Teutonic 17-year old beat the South African Kevin Curren in the 1985 final , the first of his three Wimbledon titles . "  We keep saying ` who 's the next guy ? ' and I think that we 've found that guy , " former Wimbledon champion and current commentator John McEnroe told the BBC . "  It was absolutely stunning , what he did to the world number 1 . "  He absolutely believed that he was going to win this match , and he 's acting , to me , like he can win this tournament . The last guy I saw like this ... is Boris Becker . That young teenager , no fear whatsoever , no matter what comes my way I 'm going to be better than them . " McEnroe 's confidence in Kyrgios ' ability to go all the way may have fallen flat for now , but for a 19-year-old in his first pro season , defeating one of tennis ' all-time greats still counts as a remarkable success , and he will be relishing his return to the scene in a year 's time .	19 year-old stuns Rafael Nadal in Wimbledon matchup Teen "  never thought " he 'd make the quarterfinals Nick Kyrgios tipped for greatness , inviting comparisons with Boris Becker Update : Teen 's run comes to an end against QF opponent Milos Raonic in four sets
London  CNN  -- British Airways cabin crew members voted overwhelmingly Friday to go on strike -- again . Nearly 79 percent of crew members , who are represented by the union Unite , backed the move . They did not indicate when the strike would occur . BA 's cabin crew employees , embroiled in an ongoing wage dispute , have now voted to go on strike four times in the past 13 months , according to Len McCluskey , the incoming union chief . "  Surely BA management must now wake up and listen to the voice of its skilled and dedicated employees , " McCluskey said . "  This dispute will be resolved by negotiation , not litigation or confrontation , and it is to negotiation that BA management should now apply itself . We are ready . " BA released a statement noting that only 43 percent of its 13,500 crew members had backed a new strike . The statement also claimed Unite has lost 2,500 crew members since the pay dispute started . "  We urge Unite to return to the deal we negotiated , which guarantees pay rises for the next two years and secures terms and conditions for our existing crew that are the best in the UK industry , " the statement read . "  This U-turn reflected the union 's deep-seated internal divisions  and its  dysfunctional relationship with its crew branch . ... It is time for Unite to listen to the majority of crew and to its members in other parts of the airline , who want an end to this dispute . " British Airways is currently in the process of completing a merger with Spanish airline Iberia .	The union representing cabin crew members on British Airways has voted to go on strike The union has voted to go on strike four times in the past 13 months BA crew members are involved in a lengthy dispute over wages
CNN  -- One day before the election , tensions are running high and poll numbers are being crunched every few hours . Nowhere is this truer than in Ohio -- the pathway to victory . So there was a collective gasp Friday when a last-minute directive from Ohio 's secretary of state , a Republican , threatened to invalidate a number of provisional ballots . When the fate of the nation could hinge on a handful of votes , arcane state rules and local politicians ' motives take on a new urgency . Earlier last week the Obama campaign complained to Wisconsin 's attorney general about what it said was "  willful misrepresentation " by the Romney campaign in the materials used to train Election Day poll watchers . At issue was whether people in Wisconsin with felony convictions could vote .  They can , once they complete their sentences , but the Romney documents had said they ca n't .  Given that this fact can be Googled in less than 10 seconds , one must conclude the Romney campaign was either grossly ignorant of election law or intentionally deceiving volunteers in an effort to swing the vote . Opinion : Vote , damn it ! This election year is the culmination of years of Republican efforts to foment confusion and fear to keep certain Americans from voting . That is a subplot of this election , but one that will have massive consequences . In close and bitterly fought elections , there 's far more at stake than who occupies the White House : Americans ' belief in the integrity of our democracy hangs in the balance . These efforts are pernicious , pervasive and professionalized . In a recent New Yorker article , Jane Mayer profiled Hans von Spakowsky , a legal fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation who has been hyping the myth of voter impersonation fraud since 1998 , despite mountains of evidence refuting his claim .  The Brennan Center for Justice has concluded that many more people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud .  Rep. John Lewis -- a civil rights hero who bled to get all Americans the right to vote -- describes von Spakowsky as waking up every morning thinking "  What can I do today to make it more difficult for people to vote ? " Spakowsky is a close adviser to True the Vote , a Houston-based organization funded by wealthy conservative donors that has led challenges against the registration of minority voters across the country . Because of these challenges , thousands of Americans who have voted reliably in the same place every year have had to attend formal hearings to defend their registrations or be disqualified from voting . The group has been so aggressive and so inaccurate in its work that Rep. Elijah Cummings has said it could "  amount to a criminal conspiracy to deny legitimate voters their constitutional rights . " The backbone of the voter suppression movement has been the national push to institute a labyrinth of voter identification laws . Thirty-three states have passed such laws since 2009 . Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 The result has been confusion and sloppy implementation as overburdened poll volunteers have had to memorize constantly changing regulations . Meanwhile , millions of Americans , including tens of thousands of seniors , will be disenfranchised because they do n't have the required ID or they are simply confused by the laws . While advocates claim they are just trying ensure a fair vote , Pennsylvania 's Republican House Majority Leader Mike Turzai infamously spilled the beans in June when he claimed the state 's new voter ID law would deliver the state to Mitt Romney . Recent news reports suggest that if there is an actual attempt at systemic voter fraud , it 's coming from GOP-affiliated groups . Meet Nathan Sproul : a longtime Republican operative paid $ 3 million by the Republican Party to register voters in five states this cycle . Evidence suggests Sproul 's company , Strategic Allied Consulting , has been systematically encouraging falsifying signatures and having workers lie to voters . The GOP severed ties with Sproul 's group when these allegations became public , but his relationships with the party and affiliated groups date back to 2004 , and the allegations against him date back almost as long . A Google search turns this information up in a couple of seconds . Some American values do trump election victories if the choice between the two is laid bare . The American Legislative Exchange Council , the driver for much of the voter ID legislation , has faced a revolt of its corporate members as citizen consumers have expressed their outrage : Thirty-seven companies have left ALEC , including such high-profile names as Sprint , Nextel , and Entergy . Clear Channel has been forced to take down billboards making vague threats of legal action against voters in low-income and minority neighborhoods after a campaign by civil rights group Color of Change . And courts in Pennsylvania ruled that a new voter ID law can not be enforced in this election after hearing from plaintiffs like 92-year old Vivian Applewhite , who showed she would be disenfranchised since she has no birth certificate . Regardless of who wins , if the election proves as close as it appears , it 's likely that the demand for recounts and accusations on both sides will fly fast and furious . But this erosion of Americans ' rights requires a clear and comprehensive solution -- universal legislation that makes it easier to vote for all Americans regardless of their circumstances . Our democracy depends on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : Ohio secretary of state 's 11th-hour directive could invalidate provisional ballots She says it 's part of GOP push to confuse election process to suppress certain voters She says GOP pushed through voter ID laws in 33 states on made-up claim of voter fraud Hogue : Systematic efforts to keep people from voting threaten entire democratic process
The pathologist hired by Michael Brown 's family to conduct an autopsy on the Ferguson , Missouri , teenager will testify Thursday before the grand jury that is deciding whether to indict a police officer in Brown 's killing , according to family attorney Anthony Gray . Dr. Michael Baden , the former medical examiner for the city of New York , conducted a second autopsy on the 18-year-old 's body after a local medical examiner performed one . Though the grand jury has until January to make a decision , the prosecutor 's office has said that an announcement on whether it will indict Ferguson officer Darren Wilson could come as early as mid-November . Residents nervous ahead of announcement There 's intense nervousness in the St. Louis suburb as many residents fear that a repeat of the chaos and violence , and clashes between protesters and police , could happen again when the grand jury 's decision is announced . In the days after Brown 's killing , protesters marched in the streets , enraged because they felt the fatal shooting was the result of an excessive use of force by police . Witnesses to the shooting say that Brown , an unarmed African-American , had his hands in the air as if he was surrendering when he was shot by Wilson , a white officer . Authorities have said that Brown tussled with Wilson and tried to take the officer 's weapon . There was also anger when autopsy results from a first procedure were not released , many felt , in a timely fashion . Brown was shot at least six times , independent autopsy shows Legal opinions differ CNN 's legal experts are offering differing opinions about allowing an expert hired by a party in a case to address a grand jury . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said it 's not an unusual move . "  Grand juries often hear a variety of evidence from many different sources , " he said . "  Calling this expert is consistent with the prosecutor 's promise to present all the available evidence to the grand jury . " CNN legal expert and longtime New York attorney Paul Callan , who has presented cases to hundreds of grand juries , said it is highly unusual . "  When a prosecutor says he 's going to present all evidence available , the implication is that he or she is presenting all sorts of objective evidence of non-interested bystanders , " Callan said . The Brown family pathologist "  is someone hired by the family and presumably to support a civil lawsuit for money damages later , " Callan said . It 's not illegal to call someone hired by an interested party , he added , but the police officer 's side may perceive it as unfair . "  What would stop the cop 's attorney from asking , ` Why ca n't we do our own autopsy now ? ' " Baden is a high-profile pathologist , having testified in the murder trials of O.J. Simpson , Phil Spector and Drew Peterson . He was also chairman of the committee of pathologists that investigated the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Opinion : What Michael Brown 's autopsy tells us The grand jury process Grand jurors ' work is done in secret . Only a prosecutor and the jurors are present ; the defense attorney is not privy to the proceedings . The jurors can ask a prosecutor to see anything -- including , for example , an autopsy conducted by an outside expert , Callan said . But -- if it 's legal -- it 's at the prosecutor 's discretion whether to give it to them , the attorney explained . Everything between the prosecutor and jurors is on the record which is made available later to the public . "  In a case like this which is so controversial ,  the prosecutor  knows everything is going to be scrutinized , " Callan said , adding that he suspects the prosecutor is giving a "  complete presentation " of all material to the jury and informing jurors plainly of the law . Both Callan and Joey Jackson , a criminal defense attorney and CNN legal analyst , said it 's crucial to balance providing the jury with too much or too little information . A prosecutor has to "  be careful " Jackson said on CNN Wednesday . A grand jury should hear information that is explanatory rather than persuasive , he stressed . Complete coverage of Ferguson	The pathologist will testify Thursday , Brown family attorney says The Browns hired Michael Baden after their son was killed in August by a Ferguson police officer A grand jury is deciding whether to indict that officer It 's unusual for an expert hired by an interested party to give grand jury testimony
CNN  -- The airline industry 's latest tactic to increase revenue -- charging premiums for window and aisle seats -- is making it hard for groups to fly together , say passenger advocates . George Hobica , founder of travel site AirfareWatchdog , said his organization had received a spate of complaints from Americans who had struck problems being seated together on flights . Complainants included a woman who had been unable to sit next to her husband , who had a medical condition . He said the problems were arising as airlines set aside more desirable window and aisle seats for passengers who pay a premium , leaving those who do not pay with center-row seats , separated from other members of their party unless they have paid the surcharge . "  The airlines are basically trying to squeeze out more fees in the face of higher costs , and it is inconveniencing a lot of passengers , " said Hobica . The charges for window or aisle seats in the front half of the plane , costing as much as $ 29 each way on U.S. domestic flights and $ 59 on international flights , are the latest of a raft of passenger fees introduced in recent years as the airline industry looks to generate new streams of revenue . See also : In-flight phone calls to become standard The issue has arisen in the United States , where Delta , American Airlines , and low-cost carriers US Airways , Frontier , Spirit and Allegiant have implemented charges for "  preferred seating . " Delta spokeswoman Katie Hulme said the move reflected the fact that some seats were more desirable than others , and that it gave passengers greater choice and flexibility in where they were seated . "  Offering preferred seats for sale to all Delta passengers means that we are offering different seat selection options to enable more passengers to travel in their seat of choice , " she said . See also : Airline seat squeeze : It 's not you The notion of paying extra to reserve more desirable seating is catching on more widely across the industry . Across the Atlantic , low-cost Ryanair rolled out reservations for certain seats across all its routes in January , while its rival Easyjet has also been experimenting with the practice . The implementation of end-of-row seat fees is part of a broader airline trend to charge for amenities previously included in the standard fare , such as movies , water , pillows and blankets . In response to soaring fuel prices four years ago , airlines also began introducing charges for checked baggage , generating huge sums . But last year the revenue from checked bags for U.S. airlines fell for the first time , suggesting passengers were trying to avoid fees by packing light when they traveled . Two U.S. airlines , Spirit and Allegiant , also charge passengers for carry-on baggage . Hobica said part of the airlines ' rationale was "  to cater to the people that have paid the most for their seats . " See also : Seat-review sites put fliers in prime position Kate Hanni , of passenger rights organization FlyersRights , said the aisle and window surcharges made air travel an even more daunting prospect for families . "  Families have already been having a hard time , so this is the icing on the cake , " she said . "  Can you imagine getting on a plane and not being seated next to your three-year-old ? " While gate staff would typically try to seat families together , removing aisle and window seats as options was making this impossible , said Hanni . "  The predictability of air travel has really gone away . This is one more layer where people ca n't predict what 's going to happen -- it 's a crap shoot , " she said . "  They 're holding the aisle and window seats out for higher prices -- and trust me , this is just a revenue grab . " Hobica said while the new price structure was causing problems , he could understand the logic behind it . "  When you buy a ticket to a Broadway show , you do pay more for better seating , " he said . "  If passengers were willing to pay higher fares at the beginning , " he said , the problems could be avoided . Hulme said that the number of rows in which window and aisle seats were set aside as "  preferred seating " varied from aircraft to aircraft , but did not extend through the entire plane . Many of those who traveled in groups were leisure travelers who tended to book their fares in advance , and should encounter few difficulties being seated together , she said . Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap '	A number of U.S. airlines now charge extra for passengers to reserve a window or aisle seat Passengers reporting difficulties traveling in groups as end-of-row seats are already booked Fees are being introduced as airlines try to generate extra streams of revenue
CNN  -- Riot police fired tear gas at protesters in the Egyptian city of Alexandria on Friday , according to state-run Nile TV . Shortly after morning prayers , clashes broke out between supporters and opponents of President Mohamed Morsy . Read more : Morsy backers accused of beatings , detentions There were at least 1,000 people in the crowd , and about 300 of them threw rocks at police , a witness said . The fighting broke out new the Al-Qaed Ibrahim Mosque , the site of similar fighting last Friday . The clashes were apparently inspired by the mosque 's imam , Sheikh Ahmed El-Mahlawy , according to journalist Abdelrahman Youssef , who was at the site of the protest . Read more : Egypt 's prosecutor general quits amid protest The imam encouraged people to demonstrate about a dispute among Egyptians and their government over whether the country 's new constitution is legitimate , he said . Last month , the constitution was drafted by an Islamist-dominated assembly that included people from all walks of life , including judges and religious leaders . Egyptian citizens are going to the polls to give it final approval . Read more : Islamists claim victory in first round of referendum Many in Egypt felt the draft constitution was passed too quickly . They are suspicious that it uses vague language and will not guarantee the rights of the people that Egyptians fought for during a revolution that unseated President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . The draft constitution , some said , was a way for Morsy to give himself unchecked power . Read more : News agency say Mubarak hurt in prison bath fall The first round of voting on the constitution happened last weekend . Then , Egypt 's ruling Freedom and Justice Party declared that the people had approved it . But a coalition of 123 local rights groups that monitored last Saturday 's referendum alleged widespread abuses . Egypt 's electoral commission acknowledged that it received complaints of voter intimidation , bribery and other violations . The commission said it would not announce official results until after the second phase of voting this Saturday . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Saad Abedine and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Protesters threw rocks at police , who tear-gassed the protesters in Alexandria , Egypt Clashes come day before second round of voting on controversial constitution The protesters included those for and against President Mohamed Morsy
Vietnamese Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap , who helped communist forces push French and later U.S. troops to withdraw after decades of war in the southeast Asian country , has died , according to local media reports . He was 102 . Giap helped form Ho Chi Minh 's communist rebels into an army while France tried to hold onto colonial rule in French Indochina after World War II -- and he eventually led the rebels in a key 1954 battle that led to France 's withdrawal . After the French left and Vietnam was partitioned into the communist North and the U.S.-backed South , Giap -- the North 's defense minister and military commander -- helped guide the communists in a bloody 20-year war with the South and U.S. troops . The North took the entire county in 1975 . In 2004 , Giap told CNN that a nation that stands up and knows how to unite will always defeat a foreign invader . Giap made the comments after he was asked about the United States ' involvement in Iraq -- but they also came as Vietnam was marking the 50th anniversary of the battle he led to spark France 's withdrawal . "  When people have the spirit to reach for independent sovereignty ... and show solidarity , it means the people can defeat the enemy , " Giap told CNN . Born into a family of rice farmers , Giap got involved in politics at an early age . At 18 his politics got him thrown in jail , under suspicion of revolutionary agitation . He earned a doctorate and students remember him as unusually passionate about military strategy . Theory became reality for Giap in the 1940s when he joined Ho Chi Minh and battled French colonial forces . In 1954 , Giap led the communist force in one of his most famous victories -- a 55-day seige of French forces at Dien Bien Phu , in the north of the country . The siege ended when the French troops , worn down by constant artillery barrages and unable to resupply by air , surrendered on May 7 , 1954 . That defeat saw the French withdraw , followed by the partitioning of Vietnam . When American forces became involved in Vietnam , Giap championed guerrilla tactics , which became one of the hallmarks of the conflict . Giap was the North 's defense minister during the Tet offensive against U.S. and U.S.-backed forces in 1968 . The surprise attack during the Vietnamese New Year festival targeted dozens of cities in South Vietnam , and both sides suffered heavy casualties before the offensive was repulsed . The Tet offensive is considered as a turning point in the conflict , with the United States soon reducing the number of its troops in Vietnam as the U.S. public increasingly turned against the war . The bulk of U.S. forces withdrew after the signing of the Paris Peace Accords in January 1973 . But fighting between North and South continued until April 1975 , when communist forces took over the South 's capital of Saigon , now known as Ho Chi Minh City . The 1954-1975 Vietnam War cost about 2 million Vietnamese military and civilian lives , the deaths of 55,000 U.S. troops , and about 6,000 service personnel from South Korea , the Philippines , Thailand , Australia and New Zealand . Reflecting on the Dien Bien Phu victory , Giap told CNN in 2004 that the Vietnamese could never be slaves to anyone else . "  Nothing is more precious than freedom , " Giap said . U.S. Sen. John McCain , who as a Navy pilot was held prisoner by the North Vietnamese for more than five years after his plane was shot down , marked Giap 's death on Twitter Friday . "  Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap has passed away -- brilliant military strategist who once told me that we were an ` honorable enemy , ' " McCain tweeted .	Man who helped form Ho Chi Minh 's rebels into an army reportedly dies Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap was 102 Giap masterminded siege of Dien Bien Phu , which led to French withdrawal Giap also commanded North Vietnam 's communist forces against South , U.S.
CNN Student News  -- "  Writing is hard work . If you want to succeed , do n't ever give up ! " says 17-year-old author Michelle Izmaylov . Izmaylov , a senior at Alpharetta High School in Alpharetta , Georgia , speaks from experience . Michelle Izmaylov is an accomplished writer of fantasy-fiction books for young adults . An accomplished writer of fantasy-fiction books for young adults , Izmaylov published her first title when she was just 11 . Izmaylov 's second book , "  Dream Saver " rose to No. 5 on Barnes & Noble 's daily Top 10 fantasy fiction best-seller list . Her third novel , "  Galaxy Watch , " is scheduled to hit book stores in December . CNN 's Lisa Porterfield sat down with Izmaylov to find out how she started writing and the secret to her success . Porterfield : Michelle , what was your first book , and how did it come about ? Izmaylov : My first book was "  The Pocket Watch . " The reason I wrote it is kind of an interesting story . My sister Nicole was 6 at the time , and I was reading "  Harry Potter . " Nicole tried to read it , but she could n't because of the vocabulary . She got pretty upset . I did n't like seeing her upset all the time , so I decided : "  OK , I ca n't do anything with ` Harry Potter ; ' but what if I wrote another story for her , something that she will understand ? " And that 's where "  The Pocket Watch " came from . Porterfield : What inspired you to publish "  The Pocket Watch " ? Izmaylov : The inspiration to publish it came from a schoolteacher . We were supposed to write a short story , and I was like , "  OK , I 'll just bring in my book . " The teacher took it home , read it and loved it . She said , "  Why do n't you try to publish it ? " I mean , it was just bizarre ; I had never even dreamed of that , and suddenly it was an opportunity . And I said , "  OK , I can try . " Porterfield : What steps have you gone through to get your books published ? Izmaylov : This first book was actually self-published , because it was OK , but it was n't super-great . But I was absolutely amazed when "  Pocket Watch " came out . When I held that book in my hands for the first time , I did n't care if it was self-published ; I was proud of it , and it inspired me further . ... I said , "  Let 's do this again on a 14-year-old scale , " which was the age I was when I wrote "  Dream Saver . " "  Dream Saver " came out because of my passion for fantasy . That book I published through a traditional process . As a first-time author , it 's almost impossible to get to a traditional publisher , but I won a short-story contest with the publishing company . Then , I contacted the publishers and said , "  Hey , I actually have a book written . Do you want to check it out ? " And they said , "  OK . " And that 's how "  Dream Saver " got out . So "  Dream Saver " came out , and I was absolutely psyched ! I was holding this book , this real book , that was traditionally published , and I start thinking , "  OK , it 's good , but I can do better . " And so , when I was 15 , I sat down and started writing "  Galaxy Watch . " I 've been working on it for two years . It 's book one of a trilogy , and it 's a science fiction/fantasy story . Porterfield : What 's "  Galaxy Watch " about ? Izmaylov : It 's basically about my life , the way I would love it to be in a fantasy world . It 's about this girl . She lives an ordinary life ... and everything is going great . And then she goes walking and finds a pocket watch and she thinks , "  Wow . This is pretty cool . " So , she picks it up and she 's looking at it and suddenly she presses a button , completely accidentally , and it teleports her to another planet , another world . It 's basically her adventures as she starts to discover that there are things other than just her happy little life on Earth . Porterfield : What 's the writing process like for you ? Izmaylov : It 's a lot about not giving up . I had writer 's block every two days . ... It 's so difficult because of the way I write . I think of the beginning and I think of the end , and then I have to fill in everything in between . It 's a lot of planning and a lot of rewriting . The version of "  Galaxy Watch " I just finished , I rewrote five times from scratch . Porterfield : When you 're writing a book , do you think about it all the time ? Izmaylov : Absolutely ! When I 'm really into the book , it becomes this world for me . In the trilogy , I 've been working with these characters for two years . These characters are as real to me as any of my friends or my family . Porterfield : Does writing come naturally for you , or do you have to work at it ? Izmaylov : Writing is just like everything else : It 's the classic 90 percent hard work and 10 percent talent . It 's just a lot of hard work . My rule is write a little bit every single day . It does n't matter what it is -- a homework assignment , a poem or an e-mail -- but you 've got to write something every single day .	Best-selling author Michelle Izmaylov shares the secret to her success At just 17 , she will be publishing her third title -- "  Galaxy Watch " Her advice for budding authors : "  Write a little bit every single day " An admiring schoolteacher gave her the inspiration to publish
CNN  -- An Australian pilot landed a company plane in the ocean off Darwin on Friday , in a water landing that prompted comparisons to last month 's landing of a US Airways jet in New York 's Hudson River . The Australian pilot has been compared to U.S. hero Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , pictured above . The Australian pilot also encountered problems shortly after takeoff . The twin-propeller plane was carrying the pilot and five passengers when it went down shortly after leaving Darwin International Airport , said Neville Blyth , a senior transport safety investigator with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau . All those aboard were unhurt and managed to walk to shore , he said . Pictures showed the men from the plane soaked and carrying bags and equipment as they walked through the water . "  It 's essentially a good story , " Blyth said . The ATSB is deciding whether to investigate , he said , and the cause of the incident is still unknown . The Piper Chieftain plane was on its way to the town of Maningrida , about 500 kilometers  310 miles  east of Darwin , according to its owner , Australian information technology company CSG . Watch the plane ditch in Darwin Harbor " "  We would like to congratulate the pilot following all emergency landing and evacuation procedures and his very professional handling of the situation , " a CSG statement said . Darwin is in Australia 's Northern Territory , on the coast of the Timor Sea . The city 's airport is near the water . The plane 's trajectory took it over the water , giving the pilot limited opportunities to ditch the plane on land , Blyth said . He said the ocean was a safer option for landing than the beach , where the firmness of the sand was unknown . "  Personally , I think the decision was appropriate , " Blyth said . Australian media dubbed the captain of the Darwin plane "  Sully Lite , " comparing him to the captain of the US Airways Airbus jet that landed safely in the Hudson . Pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger was hailed as a hero for landing the plane safely and ensuring that all 155 people on board survived . Asked about the comparisons , Blyth said the connection was tenuous . "  The correlation for a water landing is as close as it gets , " he said .	Australian pilot lands a company plane in the ocean off Darwin He and five passengers escape injury after emergency landing Australian media dubbed pilot "  Sully Lite , " comparing him to U.S. hero
CNN  -- An out-of-service Bay Area Rapid Transit train struck and killed two workers on a section of track northeast of San Francisco on Saturday afternoon , the transit authority said . The employees were making track inspections near the Walnut Creek station , BART said in a statement . One was an employee and the other a contractor . Their names were not immediately released . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the two workers who 've just been killed on the BART tracks , " BART General Manager Grace Crunican said . She said the accident is under investigation . Paul Oversier , BART 's head of operations , told reporters that the two workers were looking into a possible slight dip in the rail when they were hit . The four-car train was on a routine maintenance run with an experienced operator at the controls , but at the time of the incident , it was being run in automatic mode under computer control , BART said . The cars were being moved back to a train yard after having been cleaned of graffiti , Oversier said . There were a number of other personnel on the train at the time , but officials have not had an opportunity to speak with them , Oversier said . All train cabs are equipped with video cameras . Victims were experienced employees , BART says The victims had extensive experience working around moving trains , the transit authority said . The procedures involved in track maintenance require one employee to inspect the track and the other employee to act as a lookout for any oncoming traffic , it said . They were supposed to stay clear of the track and be able to clear the operating area within 15 seconds of a train reaching them , Oversier said . BART 's union workers are currently on strike over a variety of issues , including wages . Oversier would not answer questions related to the strike , saying those issues were not at the forefront Saturday evening . He did say the BART employee who was killed was a member of American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , one of the striking unions , adding only that the man "  chose to come to work . " Another of the striking unions , Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555 , said it would not picket Sunday out of respect for the victims ' families . "  This is a tragedy of the greatest proportions for the BART family , " Oversier said . Saturday was the second day of the strike that has paralyzed the San Francisco area . BART workers went on strike for four days in the summer over the same issues . The BART system normally serves 26 communities , including San Francisco and Oakland . It has chartered buses during the strike , but those help only a fraction of the roughly 400,000 people who use the service each day .	NEW : Train was returning to yard after being cleaned of graffiti , BART official says NEW : The workers were supposed to stay clear of the track , official says NEW : One of the victims was a union worker who "  chose to come to work , " BART says They were inspecting a possible slight dip in the rail
He 's the war-ending President who , as of Tuesday , has ordered airstrikes in seven different countries  that we know of  . President Barack Obama has always acknowledged there are times when military force is necessary . Even when he accepted his Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , he said there could be instances when war is "  morally justified . " But though he campaigned for the presidency on ending U.S.-led wars , Obama 's administration has certainly been willing to use force when it sees fit . Here are seven places where the Obama administration is known to have ordered airstrikes : Afghanistan America 's longest war became Obama 's responsibility when he took office in 2009 , and like his predecessor he has ordered airstrikes against suspected militant targets in the country . The air campaign -- which has utilized both manned aircraft and unmanned drones -- has been a major sticking point between the U.S. and the local government , which has decried the high civilian death toll . In May Obama announced a plan to withdraw most American forces from Afghanistan by the end of this year , leaving behind a force of about 10,000 to maintain security and train Afghan forces . With a new Afghan president finally confirmed , U.S. officials expect the long-awaited Bilateral Security Agreement to be signed soon , permitting the residual U.S. force . Pakistan Like in Afghanistan , militants have been targeted by U.S. drones flying over Pakistan , causing similar uproar when they strike civilians rather than suspected Taliban outposts . Obama acknowledged that concern during a major speech at the National Defense University in 2013 , saying that U.S. strikes that kill civilians could have the effect of spurring radicalization . Libya In March 2011 , Obama announced the U.S. would join allied nations to launch air strikes on Libya . The move came after a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing use of force to protect Libyan civilians , and though regime change was n't Obama 's stated goal at the beginning of the campaign , the airstrikes ended with the death of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Since then the security situation in Libya has deteriorated . In 2012 , four Americans were killed during an attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi , and in July of this year , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli was evacuated . Yemen Facing threats from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Obama administration significantly ramped-up the use of armed drones . Nearly 100 attacks have occurred since 2009 , according to estimates from the New American Foundation , resulting in the deaths of hundreds of militants , but also many civilians . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen has been a nexus of threats against the U.S. , including the so called "  underwear bomber " who tried to ignite explosives on a U.S.-bound airliner in 2009 . Somalia U.S. drones have targeted militants associated with al Shabaab , a terrorist network that perpetrated a high-profile attack last year at a mall in Kenya . Earlier this month , the U.S. targeted the group 's leader Ahmed Godane using commandos aided by drones , killing him in an area south of Mogadishu . Iraq Citing a humanitarian crisis and potential threats to American interests , Obama ordered airstrikes to begin in Iraq in August , becoming the fourth president in a row to order airstrikes there . The Iraqi government , outmatched by ISIS fighters taking over broad swaths of land , welcomed the strikes . The campaign broadened in September , when Obama announced he would begin targeting ISIS specifically . Instead of seeking specific authorization from lawmakers , Obama said he would rely on a Congressional authorization from 2011 that allowed the President to go after al Qaeda . Syria Obama 's latest front for airstrikes has been gripped by civil war for more than three years . Obama came to the brink of ordering airstrikes there in 2013 , after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons on civilians . But after Congress balked , Obama backed away , brokering instead a deal to rid al-Assad of his chemical stockpiles . How Obama came to launch strikes in Syria A year later , facing a different threat in Syria in the form of ISIS and the al Qaeda offshoot Khorasan , Obama authorized airstrikes on terrorist targets alongside a coalition of other Arab states . Officials say the mission to defeat those groups wo n't be won in day . Instead they 're predicting a sustained effort that will surely be left for the next commander in chief to carry forward . Opinion : America 's wartime president	President Obama has ordered airstrikes in seven different countries Obama was close to ordering airstrikes in Syria in 2013 Obama is the fourth president in a row to order airstrikes in Iraq
Xi Jinping has taken the center stage as China 's undisputed paramount leader . The National People 's Congress this week confirmed Xi as the new state president and chairman of the State Central Military Commission , making him the Communist party chief , head of state and commander-in-chief . This completes the handover of power from Hu Jintao , 70 , who ruled China for 10 years , to the 59-year-old Xi , who was announced as the country 's presumptive leader last November . Conventional wisdom had it that Xi would be a weak leader because he had not been hand-picked by late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping , as had Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao . Pundits also predicted that Xi would need two or three years to consolidate power because Jiang and Hu , his predecessors , were "  looking over his shoulder . " Xi is proving conventional wisdom wrong . In the past four months , Xi has taken steps to set him apart from his predecessor , signaling that change may be afoot . He has , for example , directed officials to minimize pomp and privilege , eschew ostentatious banquets and refrain from "  empty talk . " In his speech to close the National People 's Congress at the weekend , Xi vowed to "  always listen to the voice of the people and respond to the expectations of the people . " He pledged that his government would "  strive to achieve the Chinese dream of great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation . " On assuming the Party leadership last year , Xi symbolically made his first out-of-town trip not to a Maoist or revolutionary shrine , but to Shenzhen , the first laboratory of market reform which in a mere 30 years has evolved from a sleepy backwater village into a vibrant urban center . Shenzhen is the product of Xi 's late father Xi Zhongxun , a revolutionary leader who served as vice premier and governor of Guangdong province . While in Guangdong the elder Xi pioneered market reforms , including the creation of Special Economic Zones , of which Shenzhen was one . It 's not clear what legacy the younger Xi will leave so early into his reign , but analysts say events in the early days of his premiership have already put him to the test . One of Xi 's first challenges came just a month after he took over as party chief . A few days after New Year , staffers of Southern Weekly , a liberal-leaning newspaper in the southern city of Guangzhou staged a protest after a local propaganda official rewrote an editorial calling for stronger rule of law . The dispute escalated with other journalists and Chinese celebrities giving protesters public support and putting pressure on Xi 's new team to respect press freedom and free speech . Days later a tentative compromise was reached , diffusing the crisis , but not all are impressed . "  The crisis ended in a kind of a draw -- no side really won , " said Jean-Pierre Cabestan , professor at the Hong Kong Baptist University . "  The only reform in the pipeline is administrative -- the streamlining of the Chinese cabinet , positive results likely but inconclusive . " Cabestan acknowledges Xi 's new style but wonders if he brings new substance . "  Beyond a new way of speaking and a better ability to communicate and create empathy , Xi has not yet spelled out new policies or reforms , " Cabestan said . "  He has indicated a willingness to deepen the fight against corruption and waste but by relying on the same institutions and methods . He has deepened China 's foreign policy assertiveness but not really modified its modus operandi -- so it 's old wine in a new bottle ! " Some National People 's Congress delegates I interviewed inside the Great Hall of the People are more sanguine . "  He rose up from county chief to the top , step by step , " delegate Cai Shijie told me . "  Even before he became number one , he knew what 's going on in our society , the ordinary people 's disappointments and aspirations . He knows what needs to be done to meet people 's expectations . " Cai is the CEO of Xin Chang ` an Group , a private pharmaceutical company based in Xi'an . He hopes Xi 's team can boost the private sector . "  Private enterprises generate jobs but we find it difficult to get loans , " he explained . "  State-owned enterprises enjoy monopoly and have easier access to capital and resources so they make easy profits . We need equal treatment . " Huang Youyi , a senior editor in a state-run publishing house , likes Xi 's background . "  Xi is of my age , he also spent years in the countryside as an educated youth , just like me , " he said . "  At least he knows the real situation then and now . " And Xi 's new team ? "  It 's a team of doers , " Huang added . "  They are quite confident but they also face huge challenges . " Many challenges demand urgent solutions : a slowdown in economic growth , rising joblessness , growing rich-poor divide , rampant corruption , environmental and pollution problems , public discontent and sharp social tension . On top of these , Xi has to manage a rising China and a surge in nationalism that is pushing China in confrontation with Japan and other neighbors . All these are causing political , social and economic tensions . Xi can not afford put big decisions on hold , analysts said . "  The rising tide of mass resentment , emboldened by social media and ubiquitous communications , and the political scandals of 2012 , all combined with Xi 's sense and vision to give him a power surge , " said China-watcher Robert Lawrence Kuhn . "  He has surprising credibility and abundant political capital . If he is serious about tackling China 's entrenched problems , he will need to spend that political capital . " How Xi handle these issues will set the tone for China 's 1.3 billion people -- and for the entire world .	Xi Jinping endorsed as Chinese president in leadership handover So far Xi has taken steps to set him apart from predecessor Hu Jintao Pledged that his government would "  strive to achieve the Chinese dream " Analyst : "  He has surprising credibility and abundant political capital "
CNN  -- As he surveys the nation 's landfills , chemical plants , waste facilities , and smelters , Robert Bullard sees an insidious form of institutional racism . Robert Bullard is the director of the Environmental Justice Resource Center at Clark Atlanta University . "  When you look at the neighborhoods that are where you have a lot of different waste facilities ... the people who live closest are oftentimes the most vulnerable people who have the fewest resources to escape neighborhoods because of residential segregation , housing discrimination , and limited incomes , " said Bullard , a professor at Georgia 's Clark Atlanta University and the director of that university 's Environmental Justice Resource Center . "  Just because you 're poor , just because you live physically on the wrong ` side of the track ' does n't mean that you should be dumped on . " Those people are predominantly minorities , Bullard said . In fact , more than half of the 9 million people living within two miles of the nation 's hazardous waste facilities are minorities , according to "  Toxic Wastes and Race at Twenty , 1987-2007 : Grassroots Struggles to Dismantle Environmental Racism , " a recent report that Bullard co-wrote . Widely acknowledged as a pioneer in environmental justice , Bullard has worked in the field since 1978 . He is the author of several books on the topic , including "  Confronting Environmental Racism , " "  Dumping on Dixie " and "  Unequal Protection . " In his nearly two decades of work in the field , Bullard said little has changed . "  I 've visited dozens of communities and done these toxic tours , " Bullard said . "  What 's so disheartening is that it looks so familiar . I could have been in Louisiana , Richmond , California ... I could have been in Chester , Pennsylvania . "  And I think this phenomenon of concentrating polluting industries in communities -LSB- of -RSB- working class ... low incomes , communities of color , this phenomenon has to be dealt with . " Living near these facilities puts people at higher risk for health problems , Bullard said . "  We 're seeing elevated asthma rates , we 're seeing higher than average cancer rates , we 're seeing lots of diabetes and kidney failure , " he said . In a response to the "  Toxic Wastes and Race at Twenty , 1987-2007 : Grassroots Struggles to Dismantle Environmental Racism " report , the Environmental Protection Agency said "  The EPA is committed to delivering a healthy environment for all Americans and is making significant strides in addressing environmental justice concerns . Since 1993 , EPA has awarded more than $ 30 million in grants to over 1,100 community-based organizations focused on addressing local environmental and public health issues . " The agency also said that it is developing an Environmental Justice Smart Enforcement Assessment Tool , which will look at environmental , health , socioeconomic and compliance factors to ensure that the EPA 's enforcement activities will focus on communities that need it most . "  EPA expects to begin using this tool later this year , " the agency said . E-mail to a friend	Robert Bullard is a professor at Georgia 's Clark Atlanta University Bullard has worked in environmental justice since 1978 People living near waste sites are predominantly minorities , Bullard says
CNN  -- Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre will meet this week with an NFL official as part of the league 's investigation into allegations that he sent sexually explicit messages to women , an NFL spokesman said Monday . "  It 's no secret , " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said . "  Any time you review a matter like this , you 're going to talk to the person involved . What we 've said is , ` Yes , we will be interviewing him as part of the process . ' " Aiello said the meeting with Favre would not include Commissioner Roger Goodell , but the spokesman would not divulge with whom or where the meeting was to take place . "  We do n't generally provide these kind of details , " Aiello said . Asked Sunday what he expects to come out of the meeting , Favre said , "  I do n't expect anything . As I said last week , during the week , tonight , I 'm concerned about the next game . I 'll let that take its course . " Sunday 's news conference came after Favre led the Vikings to a 24-21 victory over the Dallas Cowboys , going 14 for 18 with 119 yards , one touchdown and one turnover . The claims were first published by the sports website Deadspin.com , which has posted nude pictures , text and voice messages it alleges he sent to a model and former television host who worked for the New York Jets in 2008 . The Jets have given National Football League officials all the information they have regarding the incident , a team spokesman said last week . Jesse Derris , a spokesman for the Jets , told HLN 's "  Prime News " that the team has no role in the allegations against Favre , who played one season in New York and now plays for the Minnesota Vikings . Favre , who has been married for 14 years , has had no public comment on the allegations . He signed with the Minnesota Vikings in August 2009 after emerging from retirement for the second time in as many years . Deadspin first reported in August that Favre sent text messages , left voice mails and sent pictures of himself naked from the waist down to Jenn Sterger , who worked as a sideline personality and host for the Jets at the time . It also published what it said were excerpts from the messages . Afterward , Deadspin reported that a second woman had come forward to allege that she had received other lewd messages from the quarterback and that a third woman , whom the site did not identify , had received similar messages . The site reported the two women were massage therapists hired by the Jets and identified them only by pseudonyms . Derris said the therapists were hired for two days in the team 's 2008 training camp and would not confirm whether they had any direct contact with Favre . CNN could not independently confirm whether the voice in the recordings belongs to Favre or whether he sent the notes . Sterger 's representatives have declined comment . A.J. Daulerio , Deadspin 's editor-in-chief and author of the Favre stories , told CNN last week that no one from the NFL has contacted him about an investigation into Favre . He acknowledged that third-party sources were paid for the story about Sterger and that he could not say definitively that the messages or photos the site posted came from the 41-year-old quarterback . Favre played most of his career with the Green Bay Packers , leading the team to a Super Bowl title in 1997 . He was traded to the Jets after the 2007 season .	Vikings quarterback to meet with NFL official over conduct investigation Meeting will not include Commissioner Roger Goodell Favre : "  I 'll let that take its course "
CNN  -- The year 2012 was declared the globe 's 10th warmest since record keeping began in 1880 and the warmest ever for the Lower 48 U.S. states , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Climatic Data Center . Last year also marked the 36th consecutive year with a global temperature above the 20th century average , the federal agency said Tuesday . "  All 12 years to date in the 21st century  2001 to 2012  rank among the 14 warmest in the 133-year period of record  keeping  . Only one year during the  20th  century â $ " 1998 â $ " was warmer than 2012 , " the center said . In 2012 , the contiguous United States experienced its warmest year since national record keeping began in 1895 , the agency said . The new record broke the prior one , set in 1998 , by 1 degree Fahrenheit , the center said . The year 's average temperature of 55.3 degrees Fahrenheit across the Lower 48 was more than 3.2 degrees warmer than the average for the 20th century , NOAA reported earlier this month . Every state in the contiguous United States saw above-average temperatures in 2012 , with 19 of them setting annual records of their own , NOAA said this month . Meanwhile , the country faced 11 weather disasters that topped $ 1 billion in losses each , including a lingering drought that covered 61 % of the country at one point . That drought shriveled crops across the American farm belt , which is expected to cause a rise in food prices in 2013 , according to the U.S. Agriculture Department . It also turned forests of the mountain West into stands of tinder that exploded into catastrophic wildfires over the summer , scorching millions of acres and destroying hundreds of homes . In October , Superstorm Sandy , a post-tropical cyclone , killed at least 110 people in the United States and nearly 70 in the Caribbean and Canada . Damage estimates from the storm run around $ 80 billion in New York and New Jersey alone . Most of the world saw warmer annual temperatures , including most of the Americas , Europe and Africa , the federal agency said . Western , southern and far northeastern Asia also had the same experience , officials said . Science , satellites and superstorms : Preparing for the next big one "  Meanwhile , most of Alaska , far western Canada , central Asia , parts of the eastern and equatorial Pacific , southern Atlantic , and parts of the Southern Ocean were notably cooler than average . Additionally , the Arctic experienced a record-breaking ice melt season , while the Antarctic ice extent was above average , " the U.S. agency said . At the same time Tuesday , the world 's warming trend was blamed for the postponement of a sled dog race in Minnesota . The John Beargrease Sled Dog Marathon and Mid-Distance Races were rescheduled to March 10 from January 27 because of scant snow . "  For the third time in six years , we 've had to cancel or reschedule the Beargrease sled dog race due to lack of snow , " race coordinator Pat Olson said . "  We recently had a big rain storm . Rain , but no snow , which messed up the trails . Lots of people -LSB- in the sled dog racing community -RSB- are doing what we 're doing . There was a race scheduled for last weekend and this weekend , and both of those races were forced to be rescheduled due to lack of snow , " Olson said . One musher cited global warming -- disputed by some analysts and politicians -- as an explanation . "  Last year all but one sled dog race was canceled in Minnesota , " said Peter McClelland , a sled dog marathon racer and operator of a sled tour business in Minnesota . "  Over the past five years , we 've lost a month of snowy weather on either side of the typical winter season . That 's a big deal , to lose a month when your season is only four months out of the year . "  It seems to be that this is just a climate change issue , " McClelland continued . "  Temperatures are going up . Historically we used to have snow by Thanksgiving , but that has n't happened for over a decade . " The 400-mile marathon race is regarded as one of the most famous dog sled races , held on Minnesota 's North Shore , along the usually frosty Lake Superior . Last year , the Beargrease races were canceled because of "  lack of snow and poor trail conditions , " the race 's board of directors said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	2012 ranks as the globe 's 10th warmest since 1880 , when record keeping began Last year was the warmest year ever for the contiguous United States The 12 years of new century rank among the 14 warmest in the past 133 years With no snow , Minnesota delays a sled dog race ; musher blames global warming
CNN  It recalled one of the most memorable moments in comic book history , but for critics on social media , one comic book cover went too far , and it 's now been pulled . DC Comics pulled the cover for the upcoming "  Batgirl " # 41 , which portrays the Joker threatening a frightened Batgirl with a gun , with "  Joker makeup " on her mouth . The Twitter hashtag #changethecover had been trending since Friday , when the cover was revealed . It 's a variant , aka an optional cover , which tends to grab the attention of collectors but wo n't be the main cover seen in most stores . For the month of June , DC 's variant covers are celebrating the 75th anniversary of the iconic villain . The cover recalls Barbara "  Batgirl " Gordon 's encounter with the Joker in the classic story "  The Killing Joke . " In it , he brutally attacked Barbara , kidnapping her , and it was heavily implied that she was sexually assaulted . After being shot , the character remained in a wheelchair for decades , until DC retconned Barbara 's fate in 2011 , allowing her to walk again and be Batgirl . The criticism of the cover spread over a few days , though others defended it with their own hashtags . DC Comics  owned by Time Warner , which also owns CNN  said in a statement late Monday that artist Rafael Albuquerque 's cover was going to be pulled . "  Regardless if fans like Rafael Albuquerque 's homage to Alan Moore 's THE KILLING JOKE graphic novel from 25 years ago , or find it inconsistent with the current tonality of the Batgirl books -- threats of violence and harassment are wrong and have no place in comics or society , " they said . "  We stand by our creative talent , and per Rafael 's request , DC Comics will not publish the Batgirl variant . " Albuquerque said in his own statement , "  My Batgirl variant cover artwork was designed to pay homage to a comic that I really admire , and I know is a favorite of many readers . ` The Killing Joke ' is part of Batgirl 's canon and artistically , I could n't avoid portraying the traumatic relationship between Barbara Gordon and the Joker . " He continued , "  For me , it was just a creepy cover that brought up something from the character 's past that I was able to interpret artistically . But it has become clear , that for others , it touched a very important nerve . I respect these opinions and , despite whether the discussion is right or wrong , no opinion should be discredited . He concluded , "  My intention was never to hurt or upset anyone through my art . For that reason , I have recommended to DC that the variant cover be pulled . I 'm incredibly pleased that DC Comics is listening to my concerns and will not be publishing the cover art in June as previously announced . " Albuquerque added in a tweet on Monday night that he was never threatened  the "  threats " DC referenced were aimed at those objecting to the cover , per "  Batgirl " writer Cameron Stewart  . Stewart tweeted more : "  I stand behind Rafael as an artist and a friend , and think he made the right decision . The cover was not seen or approved by anyone on Team Batgirl and was completely at odds with what we are doing with the comic . So , we have the creators of the book and the artist himself all agreeing that the cover was inappropriate . There 's no ` censorship ' here . " That did n't stop the controversy on social media . It was just the latest brouhaha involving portrayals of women in comic books and variant covers in particular . In September , Marvel Comics canceled future variant covers from artist Milo Manara after a "  Spider-Woman " No. 1 variant cover caused an uproar for being "  over-sexualized . "  The company later said there was no connection between the two events .	Comic book portraying character with Joker makeup and gun to her head has stirred controversy Critics say it is too violent , creepy and out of step with the tone of the series DC Comics says the scene recalls a memorable moment in Batgirl 's canon
DAVID , Panama  CNN  -- Dozens of families frightened by aftershocks slept outside overnight Wednesday after a magnitude 6.2 earthquake shook coastal Panama near the border with Costa Rica . The quake was centered about 235 miles  380 km  west of Panama City , near the town of David , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The temblor occurred at 1:11 a.m. ET and residents reported feeling three aftershocks . There were no immediate reports of casualties , but damage was reported in the cities of Paso Canoa , David and Puerto Armuelles . The extent of the damage was not immediately known . Many families opted to stay outside their homes , saying that they felt as if the earth were swallowing them and that trees and their houses were falling down . One resident , Carlos Estribi , said he picked up his children in his arms and ran to the public plaza in David , seeking protection since he felt like his house was collapsing . Family members told CNN that patients at the Regional Hospital of David went outside and refused to go back in because aftershocks were still being felt . Patients at the Materno Infantil Jose de Obaldia Hospital and the Regional Rafael Hernandez Hospital also fled their rooms . Cyclists from Costa Rica , Colombia , the Dominican Republic and Germany , who were in David for a bicycle race , also had to leave their hotel rooms . Police and other security officials were inspecting schools , hospitals and private and public buildings for damage . Journalist Demetrio Abrego in David contributed to this report .	NEW : Frightened patients flee hospital and refuse to return as aftershocks rumble NEW : No immediate reports of casualties ; damage reported but extent not yet known Quake struck at 1:11 a.m. ET about 235 miles  380 km  west of Panama City
CNN Student News  -- August 25 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Iraq • Los Angeles , California • Japan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : What does it take to be the most expensive school in America ? You 're going to find out in the next 10 minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News is now in session ! First Up : Home Sales Drop AZUZ : First up today : the economy . We have a new report about sales in the housing market . They 're not good . Sales of existing homes -- homes that have already been built -- dropped more than 27 percent in July . They have n't been this low in more than 10 years . Some experts think a big reason for the drop is the fact that the government 's homebuyer tax credit ended . Basically , that offered people money to help them buy a house . Without that incentive , the sales went down . And the stock market noticed too . When the home sales report came out yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average took a hit . A lot of people use the Dow to figure out how the entire stock market is doing . Obviously , a drop in home sales is a bad thing . But why is this such a big deal ? Why did it affect the stock market ? Some analysts think the drop in home sales is a warning that housing prices might go down . They 're concerned that that might make it harder for the U.S. economy to recover from the recession it 's been in . Iraq AZUZ : Turning our attention to the war in Iraq . For the first time since that conflict started in 2003 , there are fewer than 50,000 U.S. troops in the Middle Eastern country . One White House official explained why it 's the right time for a change . JOHN BRENNAN , WHITE HOUSE COUNTER-TERRORISM ADVISOR : We can anticipate that al Qaeda in Iraq will try to argue that they have been successful . But they are wrong . We are reducing our footprint in Iraq under our terms , and through a transition to over 600,000 Iraqi security forces who have proven up to the task . AZUZ : Okay , there is still violence in Iraq . Yesterday , attacks killed at least five people . How will that affect the U.S. troops who are still there ? Arwa Damon has more on the transition . ARWA DAMON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : And end to Operation Iraqi Freedom and the beginning , on September 1 , of Operation New Dawn . Now , this is officially being called a non-combat mission that is going to see the U.S. military in an advise-and-assist capacity . This does not , however , mean that the war has somehow miraculously come to an end , or that a switch was flicked that would allow peace and prosperity to flourish in Iraq . Those troops remaining here will still be wearing their full battle kit when they leave their bases . They 'll still be carrying their weapons and they will still be on high alert as this does remain an active and dangerous war zone . Race to the Top AZUZ : It 's a race with 10 winners . It 's the government 's "  Race to the Top , " an education program that offers money to states who put together plans for school reform . 35 states and the District of Columbia applied for the current round . D.C. was one of the winners , along with Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Maryland , Massachusetts , as well as New York , North Carolina , Ohio and Rhode Island . They 'll split $ 3.4 billion , although how much they get will be based on the number of students in each state . So you can expect New York to get a lot more money than Hawaii . Now some critics of "  Race to the Top " argue that it could end up actually hurting some school districts . And others have raised questions about the criteria that led to these states winning out over other states . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Wind speed determines the difference between a tropical storm and a hurricane . It 's true ! A tropical storm becomes a hurricane when its sustained winds reach 74 miles per hour . Hurricane Danielle AZUZ : And that 's why Tropical Storm Danielle became Hurricane Danielle Monday evening . Though yesterday , it did drop back down to a tropical storm . Danielle is the fourth named storm of this year 's Atlantic hurricane season , but it 's only the second storm to become a hurricane . It 's out in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean , and the National Hurricane Center says that it probably wo n't hit land . Most Costly School AZUZ : Most expensive American school ever . This place opens next month in Los Angeles , California . And take a look at it : It 's not only big , it 's luxurious . An auditorium modeled after a famous nightclub . Seating like an upscale restaurant . A basketball court floored in maple wood . Your school does n't have this stuff ! Then again , your school did n't cost $ 578 million . The Robert F. Kennedy Community Schools is a complex for kindergarten through 12th grade . It 'll fit 4,200 students . It is a public school ! The area 's superintendent says now the poorest children in his school system will have one of the most beautiful learning environments . But in a district that 's cut academic programs and laid off almost 3,000 teachers in the past two years , some say this just goes way too far . Los Angeles officials say it was planned before the recession , and that the money did n't come out of California 's indebted education budget , but from bonds that voters approved . Blog Promo AZUZ : But as they say , the proof is in the puddin ' . Will a school like this improve students ' education ? We want you to comment on this on our blog . What makes a good school , good ? Is it in the facility itself ? Or is it in the students or teachers or ... What do you think ? Talk to us at CNNStudentNews.com ! Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is the official currency of Japan ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it the : A  Yuan , B  Ruble , C  Yen or D  Dinar ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Japan 's official currency is the yen . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Yen v $ Dollar AZUZ : Different currencies get compared against each other to figure out how strong they are . Right now , the yen is doing great ! Against the U.S. dollar , the yen is higher than it has been in 15 years . But that can be bad news for expatriates in Japan , people who live there but who were n't born there . Kyung Lah helps makes cents out of all this . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , TOKYO : Americans Andrew Wright and Ai Kawano are getting a crash course in the currency market . ANDREW WRIGHT , AMERICAN EXPATRIATE : I 'm kinda surprised , actually . The yen is so high now . AI KAWANO , WRIGHT 'S WIFE : I feel like my income is really decreased from that time . LAH : Your income did n't change , it 's just currency . AI : Yeah , it 's not changed , I know . It 's only the currency . PAULA SHIOI , AMERICAN EXPATRIATE : Going down , down , down . LAH : That 's the paycheck pain shared by expatriates who get paid in dollars or euros and have to pay for food in yen . But it 's the opposite side of the coin across town at the Shinjuku bus station . The Komatsus are heading off to an overseas vacation . TOMOKO KOMATSU , TOKYO RESIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I upgraded the room and reserved a more expensive restaurant , " says Tomoko Komatsu . LAH : They 're planning their next getaway before they 've even taken off on this one . That 's the power of their yen overseas . What it boils down to is the value of the U.S. dollar . Let 's say these sushi erasers cost 100 yen . Three years ago , given the value of the U.S. dollar , I would have spent 79 cents in the exchange . Fast forward to today . For the exact same sushi erasers , I now have to spend $ 1.18 . Analysts say this reflects the overall global downward trend of the U.S. dollar . EISUKE SAKAKIBARA , AOYAMA GAKUIN UNIVERSITY : Currency does reflect such a trend in the world economy . LAH : Professor Eisuke Sakakibara says that trend is the move away from the U.S. and Europe to developing superpowers of India and China . Currency is just the symptom of a world 's economy shifting its center of gravity . SAKAKIBARA : They indicate the further weakness of the U.S. economy . This trend we have experienced in the last month or so will probably accelerate . LAH : That spells trouble for big exporters like Toyota , who at this recent earnings announcement based its sheets on a 90 yen . Analysts say Toyota loses an estimated $ 250 million when the dollar dips one yen on the currency market . WRIGHT : Checking out the food , we 're just moving in . LAH : And it means tough times for the Wrights , who are new Tokyo transplants . Learning to live without , while their Japanese counterparts live it up . Kyung Lah , CNN , Tokyo . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : We 've been doing a lot of animal stories for our "  Before We Go " segment lately , and some are cute . This , you might could go either way on . It 's about ... well let 's just say I smell a rat . And it smells great ! Or at least it 's going to after its bath . An iReporter sent in this video of his rat Tinkerbell -- he named it Tinkerbell -- Tinkerbell apparently loves taking baths and does all the washing herself . You can see right here : She 's got her whiskers , her face ... she might 've missed a spot . Nope , she got it . There is another possibility here , that Tinkerbell does n't like getting wet , does n't like taking baths , but her owner dunked her in the sink anyway . Goodbye AZUZ : And now she 's trapped like a. . . heh , heh . All right . Well , maybe the owner just wanted to show off his pet 's good hygeine . Either way , we totally had to rat him out . We 're going to scurry away for now . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . In the meantime , do n't forget to head to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . Talk to us about what makes a great school great . We will look forward to seeing you on Thursday . Thanks for joining us .	Examine the potential significance of a big drop in U.S. home sales Find out what characterizes the most expensive school in America Consider how currency conversion can impact expatriates in Japan Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- All Lyle Petersen wanted to do was get his mail . Lyle Petersen , a CDC expert who was infected with West Nile virus , says , "  it will ruin your summer . " In the time it took him to walk down his driveway in Fort Collins , Colorado , chat briefly with a neighbor and return to his house , Petersen got infected with a potentially serious mosquito-borne illness called West Nile virus . Within hours of being bitten , he said , he began to feel symptoms he recognized . And how was he sure so quickly ? Petersen , as director of the division of vector borne diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is one of the foremost experts in the world on the condition . A blood test confirmed his suspicion . "  From my own experience , I can tell you it 's not a very mild illness , " Petersen cautioned . "  It will ruin your summer . " Experts are expecting another epidemic of the disease this summer . The incidence of West Nile virus has remained the same for the past four years , and Petersen says he does n't expect this year to be any different . It should reach its peak between mid-July and mid-September . Health Minute : More on West Nile virus risk " "  People tend to discount this as a significant problem , " Petersen said , "  but more than 1.5 million people have been infected so far in the United States , and about 300,000 have had West Nile fever . " West Nile virus emerged in the U.S. nine years ago . The virus is spread by the bite of an infected mosquito . Mosquitoes contract the illness by feeding on infected birds . The CDC reported that in rare cases , West Nile virus has spread through blood transfusions , organ transplants and breastfeeding . The disease is not spread through casual contact . The symptoms range from mild to severe and typically develop between three and 14 days after a person is bitten . Explainer : West Nile 101 " Debbie Koma , a 50-year old hairdresser from Atlanta , Georgia , developed West Nile virus two years ago . She described it as "  unlike anything that I ever had before . I was sick as a dog . " She recalled being hospitalized for three days with a high fever , a horrible headache and body aches . After 14 days , she was strong enough to get out of bed , but she says her strength did n't fully return for three months . Petersen had a similar experience when he was stricken five years ago . "  I discovered I had West Nile virus because I am a long-distance runner , " he said . "  About halfway through one of my runs , I felt terrible . Within a couple of hours , I was lying in bed with severe headaches , eye pain , muscle pain and fever , which lasted about a week . I basically could n't get out of bed for a week . " It was n't just Petersen who became sick , but his daughter and the neighbor were complaining of West Nile virus symptoms hours after being swarmed by mosquitoes at the mailbox . A medical doctor , Petersen actually tested his own blood in the laboratory and diagnosed his own illness . Like Koma , he was sick for a couple of months . His chief symptom : severe fatigue . "  I could barely walk up the stairs , " he said . "  This is not a mild illness , and people should try to avoid it . " Petersen mentioned that some patients with West Nile virus can develop a severe neurological disease that can be fatal . There is no effective treatment for the virus . In more serious cases , the CDC recommends that patients be hospitalized so they can receive supportive care with intravenous fluids . Researchers are working to develop a vaccine , but Petersen notes that it will be years before it is available to humans . The best way to stop the spread of West Nile virus is through prevention , he said . "  Wear mosquito repellent , especially around dawn and dusk , which are peak mosquito biting times , " Petersen suggests . He says bug sprays that contain concentrations of the chemical DEET up to 50 percent work the best . Be sure to read the label or check with a doctor regarding the acceptable concentrations for children . Spraying repellent that contains permethrin on clothing is another option . Experts caution not to put the chemical directly on exposed skin . Petersen added that a natural product such as oil of lemon eucalyptus CQ may also be effective . The CDC says vitamin B and ultrasonic devices do not work in preventing mosquito bites . Another way to reduce the risk of getting bitten by a mosquito is to get rid of standing bodies of water around the house , Petersen said . "  The mosquitoes that spread West Nile virus often breed around people 's homes in small containers like flower pots , rain barrels and bird baths , " he explained . Even by taking precautions , Petersen concluded , the disease wo n't be eradicated in the U.S. anytime soon . "  I think West Nile virus is here to stay , and I ca n't tell you how many cases will occur this summer , but there will be epidemics . "	More than 1.5 million people have been infected in the U.S. Symptoms typically develop between three and 14 days after being bitten High fever , headaches , body aches and severe fatigue are a few symptoms Best way to stop the spread of West Nile virus is through prevention
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Celebrity Chef Jamie Oliver will serve a dinner of Scottish organic salmon , Welsh lamb and a traditional Bakewell Tart for G-20 leaders at the prime minister 's residence Wednesday . Jamie Oliver has devised menu G-20 leaders will eat during a visit to Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's residence . Oliver will use traditional ingredients and recipes inspired from England , Ireland , Scotland , Wales and the Channel Islands for the dinner at 10 Downing Street , a statement on his Web site said . Oliver will cook the meal along with a team of young chefs from the apprentice program at his London restaurant , Fifteen . Because some guests have special dietary requirements , Oliver said he will be offering vegetarian options for both a starter and the main course . Here is the menu , as published on Oliver 's Web site : Baked Scottish Salmon with Seashore Vegetables , Broad Beans , Herb Garden Salad , Mayonnaise and Wild Garlic-scented Irish Soda bread . Vegetarian option : Childwickbury Goat 's Cheese with Roast Shallots , Seashore Vegetables , Herb Green Salad and Wild Garlic-scented Irish Soda Bread  no mayo Slow-Roasted Shoulder of Welsh Lamb , very-first-of-the-season Jersey Royals  potatoes  , first-of-the-season Asparagus and Wild St. George Mushrooms . Mint Sauce and Gravy . Vegetarian option : Lovage & Potato Dumplings with first-of-the-season Asparagus and Wild St. George Mushrooms Hot Bakewell Tart with Homemade Custard . Oliver is known for his healthy , low-budget approach to cooking with local ingredients . In addition to his restaurants , Oliver has published cookbooks and hosted TV cooking shows , including "  The Naked Chef , " which was about hearty , simple food .	Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to serve Scottish organic salmon , Welsh lamb Oliver will use traditional ingredients and recipes from UK Oliver will cook the meal along with young chefs from his apprentice program
CNN  After a grand jury decided in November not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , many shifted their attention to a federal investigation into the killing . But on Wednesday , officials told CNN that federal investigators did n't find enough evidence and that Justice Department prosecutors wo n't recommend civil rights charges against Wilson . Attorney General Eric Holder , who has the final say in the matter , has said he will announce his decision before he leaves office , which is expected to be by the spring . The news that emerged Wednesday is likely to upset those who saw the federal investigation as a way to pursue justice for Brown and his family . "  I think you have a lot of people who will be disappointed if this does turn out to be the case , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis city alderman who lives near Ferguson . "  The community and the family wanted a day in court , an opportunity to see all the evidence laid out , cross-examined . And it looks like that 's not going to happen . " Some legal experts , however , said the prosecutors ' decision was n't surprising in light of the laws involved . But this does n't mean that all legal avenues are closed off for the Brown family . First , let 's explore why analysts are n't surprised by the news . "  These cases are very hard to bring , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  If someone is not prosecuted on state charges , the odds that they will be prosecuted on federal charges are substantially lower , " Toobin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Holder had already acknowledged at the situation in November , saying that "  federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases . " But he also may have raised some people hopes , according to Areva Martin , an attorney . "  Holder traveled to Ferguson , he talked to that community and he talked about how aggressive the Department of Justice was going to be in its own independent investigation , " Martin told CNN . The Brown family does n't appear to have been holding out much hope from the federal investigation . Family attorney Benjamin Crump had expressed pessimism in November about the probable outcome . "  That is a very high standard and it 's not very likely , " Crump said . "  The family understands if there is no indictment it is likely the killer of their child wo n't be held accountable and that 's heartbreaking to them . " Martin said the federal hate crimes statute was n't designed for cases like this one . "  I think there 's a lot of confusion about the federal hate crimes statute and how it should be used , " she told CNN . The key factor in the investigation was likely to be whether Wilson exhibited "  racial hostility , " Toobin said in August . "  The most important thing would be , did he say anything that indicates racial hostility , either before , or after , or during  the shooting  ? " Toobin said . Wilson is white , and Brown was African-American . But race did n't have to be a factor in the shooting for investigators to allege there was a federal civil rights violation , said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos . Federal statute says it 's a crime for government officials "  to willfully deprive a person of a right or privilege protected by the Constitution . " Federal prosecutors could have argued that Brown 's right to life was violated , Cevallos , a criminal defense attorney , said . But it 's a tough case to make . "  They have to show that the officer intended to deprive somebody of that constitutional right , " he said . "  They would have to show intent to kill ... which is not a particularly easy showing to make . " -------------------------------------------------- So , what avenues are still open for the Brown family ? Legal experts still expect Brown 's family to file a civil lawsuit against Wilson and the Ferguson Police Department . Crump said in November that the family is considering the option of civil remedies to obtain "  some sense of justice . " The family could file a wrongful death lawsuit against Wilson and the Ferguson Police Department , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said at the time . He said Brown 's family could file a lawsuit under Section 1983 of Title 42 of the U.S. Code -- a federal statute that permits damages against state officials for violations of legal or constitutional rights . Another CNN legal analyst , Mark O'Mara , noted in November that law enforcement officers are afforded certain legal protections . Wilson 's attorney , Neil Bruntrager , told CNN that he was expecting a civil suit from Brown 's family . But he said he thought they would have a difficult case to make . "  Even though it 's a different standard , in a civil case , you still have elements you have to prove and they 're going to flow very closely to what you have to prove in a criminal case , " Bruntrager said . "  If you do n't have enough for a grand jury even to issue an indictment , it 's going to pretty hard , I think , in a civil suit , " he said . The Justice Department is also carrying out a civil rights investigation into the Ferguson Police Department 's overall track record with minorities . That inquiry is examining accusations that the police department as a whole practiced racial profiling and heavy-handed tactics . But that type of investigation typically looks at possible reforms for a law enforcement agency , rather than punishing past alleged misconduct , analysts say . "  People consistently expressed concerns stemming from specific alleged incidents , from general policing practices and from the lack of diversity on the Ferguson police force . These anecdotal accounts underscore the history of mistrust of law enforcement in Ferguson that has received a good deal of attention , " Holder said in September . "  Our investigation will assess the police department 's use of force , including deadly force . It will analyze stops , searches and arrests . And it will examine the treatment of individuals detained at Ferguson 's city jail , " Holder said . Wilson resigned from his position as a Ferguson police officer in November .	"  These cases are very hard to bring , " says CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Brown family attorney had expressed pessimism about the investigation in November Family is still expected to bring a civil lawsuit against Darren Wilson and Ferguson police
CNN  -- Buycommonthings.com . It 's hardly the catchiest of brand names and Olumide Olusanya knew it . Six months into running his online grocery business , the Nigerian entrepreneur was desperate to find a shorter , more memorable name -- but he 'd run out of ideas . And then it him . Like so many others , his Eureka moment came inside that steamy cocoon of inspiration where dirt is cleaned and geniuses are born : the shower . "  While I was in the shower one day , " recalls Olusanya , "  I just had an epiphany of sorts and then , ` yay , it will be Glue ! ' " he adds . "  For the six months that we were in operation , " explains Olusanya , "  people were coming to site and then you see them coming back repeatedly -- so it looks like our service has a glue effect . " To make it more appealing , Olusanya changed the word 's two last letters and that 's how Gloo.ng was born , Nigeria 's leading online grocery store . A former doctor helping trauma patients in a Lagos hospital , Olusanya says he decided to go into business with his wife to try to cater to Nigeria 's busy women with no time to shop at the supermarket . "  I saw the stress ; I saw the love and passion of trying to keep up a very happy home , a very happy family ; traveling up and down and then  being  busy on a daily basis , " says Olusanya . "  And then you have a husband that is totally useless at cooking or taking care of the house , so all this pressure you see coming on , " he adds . "  This for me was a way of trying to relieve her of that stress -- my own expression of love . " Since then , the company has grown to employ nine staff , operating from inside a 20,000 square feet warehouse . And although it 's yet to make a profit , Olusanya hopes he can expand the brand as more and more Nigerians turn to online shopping . Check out the video below to find out about Olusanya 's efforts to ensure his customers are stuck like glue to his business and how he navigates the challenges of running an online store in Nigeria . READ THIS : Pizza maker ` gets Nairobi naked ' READ THIS : Teen turns $ 14 into paper bag empire	Olumide Olusanya is the founder of Nigerian online grocery store Gloo He wants to help busy Nigerians by delivering groceries straight to their doorstep Olusanya dreams of turning Gloo into Nigeria 's leading supermarket
CNN  -- It 's no shock that people love to hate Facebook . On Friday , for some , the emphasis shifted to hate as Facebook went public , turning its CEO into a billionaire and , as CNNMoney gracefully put it , making "  thousands of millionaires " out of the rest of its staff and stockholders . "  Well most Americans are bitter and hateful toward anyone and anything more successful than themselves , " one commenter wrote on that story . "  Just me or anyone else really hoping for Facebook stock to take a nose dive and never come back up ? I want to watch it drop like a rock , " one Twitter user wrote on the eve of Facebook 's initial public offering Thursday . The anti-social network : Life without Facebook Here 's a rant from one financial analyst , spotted by Time.com , which shares a parent company with CNN and authored a recent post called "  Sick of hearing about Facebook ? You 're not alone . " "  But do I really need to see another article about how the Ferrari dealers in Silicon Valley have brought in extra inventory in anticipation of all the new millionaires ? Or how Menlo Park and Palo Alto housing prices , which were already sky-high , are soaring even higher from all the new money ? " the analyst , Tracey Ryniec , wrote . "  I ca n't wait for this week to be over so we can talk about some other companies . " Some of the venom online was directed at the Winklevoss twins , those rowing-happy Harvard kids who repeatedly have been suing for part of Facebook . Dubbed "  the Winklevii " in the film "  The Social Network , " Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss are set to make millions off of Facebook 's IPO despite the fact that some courts have rejected their claims that Zuckerberg stole their idea for his blockbuster website . They could make $ 228 million for their 6 million shares in the company , according to a CNNMoney gallery on Facebook 's new billionaires . At The New Yorker , Silvia Killingsworth writes that we all should give the Winklevii a bit of a break -- especially since they 've been good sports about their anti-fame : "  Sure , the Winklevii may sound a little cheesy finishing each other 's sentences -- a well-enunciated mix of locker-room pep talk and well-worn entrepreneurial Web-2 .0 jargon -- and they will be subject to Al Gore-style Internet-invention jokes until the end of time . But who 'd have known they 'd be such good sportsmen about it ? In the movie , Cameron gets frustrated at one point and hollers . ` Screw it ! Let 's gut the frigging nerd ! ' In real life , the twins seem to have become entirely content with chasing the nerd around the courts , and collecting their cut of the biggest tech I.P.O. in history . " Others are teasing CEO Mark Zuckerberg himself . The comedian Andy Borowitz posted a fake letter from the 28-year-old to potential investors . It opens : "  For years , you 've wasted your time on Facebook . Now here 's your chance to waste your money on it , too . " It ends like this : "  One last thing : what will , I , Mark Zuckerberg , do with the $ 18 billion I 'm expected to earn from Facebook 's IPO ? Well , I 'm considering buying Greece , but that would still leave me with $ 18 billion . LOL . Friend me , Mark " According to The New York Times , Facebook 's new billionaires may spend their money in subtle  but still over-the-top  ways . On Thursday , the paper looked at spending culture in Silicon Valley , finding that the really rich types spend money in ways that are difficult to detect without a rich-person radar : "  Fabulous home theaters are tucked into the basements of plain suburban houses . Bespoke jeans that start at $ 1,200 can be detected only by a tiny red logo on the button . The hand-painted Italian bicycles that flash across Silicon Valley on Saturday mornings have become the new Ferrari -- and only the cognoscenti could imagine that they cost more than $ 20,000 , " Somini Sengupta writes for the paper . "  Even at Facebook , ground zero for the nouveau tech riche , peer pressure dictates that consumption be kept on the down low . " Part of the reason some people are frustrated with Facebook this week is that all of us -- the users of Facebook -- are essentially the ones making the company so much money . My colleague Doug Gross looked at this on Wednesday . If you want to make the point really personal , check out this widget , which will tell you exactly how many dollars your Facebook page is making for the company . It 's an estimate , of course , but it brings the point home . Here are details on the math they 're using to make the calculations , in case you 're feeling brainy . Others used the opportunity to gripe about Facebook 's privacy settings , which are notoriously complicated  perhaps since the company wants info to be public  : "  Why is Facebook going public ? They could n't figure out the privacy settings either , " wrote one Twitter user . Not all of the reaction is negative , of course . Many tech bloggers and Wall Street watchers are cheering on Facebook 's run at the market , saying it 's yet another Steve Jobsian expression of the American Dream . "  In 2004 , who could have predicted that a Harvard sophomore would be destined to lead his dorm-room creation to a gajillion-dollar IPO eight years later ? " wrote Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg at The Atlantic . "  The life and times of Mark Zuckerberg are dramatic , even epic , and -- you might say -- lyrical . " For more on that , check out this faux-musical about the company 's rise . "  I 'm happy for Facebook , Zuck and others put in their own time efforts and own capital they deserve this reward , " another Twitter pundit said . "  American Dream ! " Some people will see this post and say , "  Yeah , yeah yeah . Haters gon na hate . " That 's the tack Facebook appears to be taking . According to the blog TechCrunch , Facebook 's Toronto office created a poster that counters all the negativity by saying "  Likers gon na like " -- a riff on the site 's mechanism for sharing content with friends . The blog post ends with this little bit of sappy futurism : "  Facebook 's mission is ` making the world more open and connected . ' Sometimes that means making people uncomfortable at first . You do n't have to agree with how Mark Zuckerberg does things , and you can hate if you want to . But remember , Facebook 's just the messenger . The message is the future . " Feel free to complain about that in the comments section .	Facebook IPO is set to create "  thousands of millionaires " That has led some to resent the site , which makes money off its users ' data Facebook tries to counter all the negativity by saying "  Likers gon na like "
Guadalajara , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities found 26 bodies Thursday inside three abandoned vehicles in Guadalajara , Mexico , an official said . All the victims were men , said Ulises EnrÃquez , a spokesman for the Jalisco delegation of the Attorney General 's Office . The vehicles were discovered near a monument on one of the city 's main avenues , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing police sources . Jalisco state Attorney General Tomas Coronado Olmos told CNN affiliate TV Azteca that a message was found with the bodies , but he did not disclose what it said . In a Twitter post , Jalisco Gov. Emilio Gonzalez , a former mayor of Guadalajara , said he was "  appalled and outraged " by the discovery , which came a day after authorities in Sinaloa state found 16 charred bodies inside two trucks that had been set ablaze . Speaking about those bodies and also those found in Guadalajara , Mexico 's new interior minister promised to provide federal support . "  I would like to express our solidarity and support to the governments  of Jalisco and Sinaloa  and , in particular , let them know that the federal government will assist in investigating these cases , finding those responsible and making sure these crimes do n't go unpunished , " said Alejandro PoirÃ © , who was sworn in last week . Also Thursday , the Mexican military said it had seized 15 tons of marijuana in a rural area of Jalisco state several hours from the city . About 43,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . But brutal cartel killings are rare in Guadalajara , Mexico 's second-most populous city . The city recently hosted the Pan American Games and is scheduled to host a large international book festival next week a few miles away from where the bodies were found . In a security report published before the games began , analysts said Guadalajara would probably be the next hot spot in Mexico 's drug war , as the Zetas drug cartel tries to take over turf long dominated by the Sinaloa cartel . The analysis , published in September by Southern Pulse , an online information network focused on Latin America , noted that major offensives were unlikely amid stepped-up security in the city during the high-profile sporting event . "  With over 10,000 police and a quantity of soldiers -- pulled from their duties in Ciudad Juarez -- on special assignment during the games , we would be surprised to register anything more than a slight blip during the games , " the analysis said . "  Though when they are over , a major criminal offensive for the city could surface in early November , developing into a protracted battle for the city that will last though the end of the year , and possibly well into 2012 . " CNN 's Ariel Crespo , Krupskaia Alis , Rey Rodriguez , Rene Hernandez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico 's new interior minister promises federal support A recent analysis says Guadalajara could become the next drug war hot spot The bodies were left near a monument on one of the city 's main avenues Major violence is rare in Guadalajara , Mexico 's second-most populous city
I once uploaded an Instagram of me at Old Navy trying to get all kissy-face with a mannequin . At the time it seemed like a good idea , but she was rather unresponsive . Probably just not into gingers . It was a silly moment , for sure , but it also accurately illustrated my overall artistic contribution to the world of social photo sharing . Which is to say : Little to none . "  Hey , what filter looks best for an Allman Brothers ticket stub ? " Real Ansel Adams kind of stuff . Finally , about two months ago , I took a short break from Instagram . My farewell offering was a three-second video where I simply exclaimed , " ¡ Ay , que lastima ! " Translation : "  Oh , what a shame . " But it was n't . Nobody cared . Nor should they have . I was using Instagram for all the wrong reasons . And I still am . However , recently , a new account started catching everyone 's attention for all the right reasons . Because , unlike my periodic visual odes to my dog 's butt , everything about grandmabetty33 is wonderful . And people care . It all started about three months ago when 18-year-old Zach Belden , a high school senior in Jeffersonville , Indiana , decided to start documenting the final days , months , and  hopefully  years of his great-grandmother , Betty Jo Simpson . Grandma Betty has lung cancer . She was diagnosed in December . She 's 80 . "  Many of my friends knew Grandma , " Belden told me . "  And it was a neat way to connect her to them . " Amazingly , after about a week , Grandma Betty had nearly 100 followers . And because she 's pretty much the cutest thing walking the planet -- sorry , sloths -- her account quickly caught on even more with people who had never even met her . One of Grandma Betty 's biggest fans is the musician Pharrell . Belden says they were amazed when she went over 1,000 followers , but when she reached 4,400 , somehow that seemed to be the magic number . "  I 'll never forget that number , " Belden says . "  That 's when it kicked off . " Soon , they were on TV . Soon , Belden 's phone started ringing off the hook . Soon , they had no idea what they were getting themselves into . And soon , Grandma Betty 's account began growing by the thousands . At press time she had more than 350,000 followers . Of course , with great fame comes great responsibility . Grandma Betty had to become more tech savvy . There are rules to Internet stardom , and the first one is that you take your own selfies . Which was n't easy . Belden admits , "  Teaching her how to take a selfie is harder than it probably seems . " But Grandma Betty 's getting it , and , more importantly , she gets Instagram . Belden says , "  She knows that I post her pictures and videos on the Internet , people like them , and every time we get the chance , we sit down for a couple hours and just read the heartwarming comments she receives everyday . " But never mind the comments . Grandma Betty had to get a P.O. Box . On Saturday , Belden opened one for his great-grandma , and four days later she got her first letter from a fan in Minnesota . Because , you know , that 's what Minnesotans do . Wonderfully nice things . I hate them all . Then , on Thursday , she got 20 additional letters and a package with a handmade lap quilt . People . Sometimes they 're just really good . But all this is about more than just some old lady making duck faces and peace signs for the amusement of strangers on the Internet . This is about two people -- generations apart -- finding a creative , 21st-century extension to a close bond that was built over many years . Belden explains , "  Before grade school , I did n't have a babysitter . I had my grandma . We 're so undeniably close , and I would hate to lose her . She thinks the same of me and my family -- she tells us every day . " But sometimes she just sticks out her tongue . Like she did when she was visiting the "  cancer doctor " and was eating blue candy . You could tell . It was definitely blue . And now that image has become the official Grandma Betty logo thanks to a company called 1facewatch who designed it for her based on the photo . So , Grandma Betty has a logo , and fans just keep pouring in . Belden admits , "  Grandma loves Instagram arguably even more than I do . It gives her something to look forward to . You never know what you 're gon na get with her . " Which is far more than I can say for myself . I 'm recently back on Instagram , and it 's pretty much just more photos of my dog 's butt . ¡ Ay , que lastima ! Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Zach Belden started an Instagram account for his great-grandmother , battling lung cancer Grandma Betty has become an Internet sensation and has hundreds of thousands of followers Belden : "  Teaching her how to take a selfie is harder than it probably seems "
CNN  -- A biology professor charged with killing three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville fatally shot her brother more than 23 years ago , but she and her mother claimed the shooting was accidental , according to documents released Sunday . Amy Bishop Anderson was 19 when she fatally shot her brother , Seth , on December 6 , 1986 , in Braintree , Massachusetts , according to a Massachusetts State Police report released Sunday . She was never charged in that shooting . Anderson was charged this weekend with capital murder in Friday 's on-campus shooting deaths of her colleagues . She could face the death penalty . The state police report in the 1986 shooting , released by the office of U.S. Rep. Bill Delahunt , D-Massachusetts , gives an account similar to a Boston Globe story published on December 8 , 2008 . Delahunt was district attorney at the time ; staffers said he was in the Middle East on Sunday and unable to comment on the case . Earlier this weekend , Braintree police said records from that shooting were missing , and that the department 's log indicated the shooting was accidental . However , Police Chief Paul Frazier said he did n't agree with the Globe 's account . The Globe 's story stated that Anderson asked her mother how to unload a round from a 12-gauge shotgun and that Anderson -- then known as Amy Bishop -- accidentally shot her brother while she was handling the weapon . The article cited then-Police Chief John Polio as the source . According to the state police report released Sunday , Braintree police told state police that "  indications were that Amy Bishop had been attempting to manipulate the shotgun and had subsequently brought the gun downstairs in an attempt to gain assistance from her mother in disarming the weapon " when it went off , shooting her brother , Seth , in the chest . But , Frazier said Saturday , "  it is a far different story I believe than what was reported back then . I can not tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time . " An officer then involved in the case who is still working for the department told him that Anderson shot her brother during an argument , Frazier said . The officer said Anderson allegedly fired a shot in her bedroom without hitting anyone , argued with her brother , shot him and then fired another round in the home before fleeing , according to Frazier . Frazier said the teen was arrested after pointing a weapon at a vehicle near the house in an attempt to get the driver to stop , but it drove on . But during the booking process , then-Chief Polio called and told the officers to release her , Frazier said . He said her mother was at the time a member of the Braintree Personnel Board . In a telephone call with CNN , Polio , now 87 and retired , denied ever calling in the order . He said detectives including lead investigator Capt. Theodore Buker -- who has since died -- had interviewed Anderson and her mother , Judith , who is identified in the state police report as J. Bishop . Buker told him that the shooting appeared accidental and the two men agreed she should be released to her mother , Polio said . A request was then filed with Delahunt 's office to conduct an inquiry , but Delahunt never did so , he said . The state police report , however , said that Buker met with a state police investigator and determined that "  due to the testimony of the members of the Bishop family , and in particular the testimony of J. Bishop , relevant to the facts concerning the death of Seth Bishop that no further investigation ... was warranted , " the report concludes . Seth Bishop 's death was listed as accidental and the investigation was concluded . Delahunt spokesman Mark Forest told CNN the state police and medical examiner concluded the death was accidental , and an autopsy was also conducted . "  The investigative reports ... did not recommend any further action , " he said in an e-mail . Those reports were turned over to state and local authorities , including the district attorney 's office , he said . Anderson 's mother witnessed the shooting , the state police report said . Investigators waited 11 days to interview Anderson and her parents because of their "  highly emotional state " following the shooting , according to the report . In the December 17 , 1986 , interview , Anderson told authorities she "  thought it would be a good idea if she learned how to load the shotgun in the house , " according to the state police report . The young woman told police she was concerned for her own safety after the family home was broken into , although she previously had been afraid of the gun . She said she got the gun and loaded shells into it , but was unable to get them out . Anderson said that while she was attempting to unload the weapon on her bed , it went off . She then took it downstairs to ask for help in unloading it . She asked her brother , she said , and he told her to point the gun up instead of carrying it beside her leg . Her brother was walking across the kitchen between her and her mother , she said . She started to raise the gun , and "  someone said something to her , " she recalled in the report . She turned and the gun went off . "  Amy thought that she had ruined the kitchen but was not aware of the fact that she had struck her brother , " the report said . She fled , and told police she thought she had dropped the gun as she ran away . "  She can not recall anything else until she subsequently saw her mother at the police station , " the report said . The report does not reference any other shots fired besides the one in Anderson 's bedroom and the shot that struck her brother . Anderson 's father was not home at the time . He told police he had had a disagreement with his daughter "  about a comment she had made " before he left to go shopping . He told police he had bought the shotgun about a year before the shooting , after the house had been broken into , and that he and his son belonged to a rifle club . Anderson was not trained to use the gun , he said . Anderson 's mother said that when her daughter came downstairs and asked for help in unloading the gun , she told her not to point it at anyone , and that her daughter turned and the gun went off . The woman told police she did not hear the shotgun fire earlier in her daughter 's bedroom and "  believed the house was relatively well soundproofed and that such a discharge would not necessarily be heard on another floor of the house . " Polio acknowledged that an argument had occurred during the shooting and said that the other shots , including one fired into the ceiling , did not appear aimed at anyone . He also recalled that Anderson had fled the scene . But , he said , he could not remember what he had told the newspaper in reference to the case or why details , including the argument , were not reported . He said Anderson 's mother had worked for the personnel board and at one point was assigned to the police department . But he rejected as "  laughable " any suggestions that the suspect 's mother might have influenced their handling of the case . "  There was no cover-up , " Polio said . "  Absolutely no cover-up and no missing records . The records were all there when I left . Where they went in the last 22 years and two police chiefs subsequent , I do n't know . " Braintree Mayor Joseph Sullivan announced Sunday an effort to locate all materials associated with the shooting . "  The Braintree Police Department will conduct a thorough audit of all its records to identify if there were deficits in its past recordkeeping process , " Sullivan said . "  It is important to note that in 1986 , police records were created and maintained manually , which complicates their review and retrieval . " The Braintree shooting resurfaced after Harvard-trained Anderson was charged in Friday 's shooting in Alabama . Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said Saturday that Anderson was attending a faculty meeting on the third floor of the sciences building Friday afternoon when she brandished a gun and shot six colleagues , killing three . Anderson , a professor and researcher at the university and a mother of four , was arrested as she was leaving the building , Reyes told reporters Saturday . He said a 9 mm handgun was recovered from the second floor of the building late Friday . Madison County District Attorney Rob Broussard said officials were considering other charges , including attempted murder . Authorities have not ruled out the possibility of other suspects in connection to the shooting . Anderson , who is known to students as Dr. Bishop , had been working at the university since 2003 , and was up for tenure , according to spokesman Ray Garner . However , authorities would n't discuss possible motives or whether the issue of tenure may have played a role in the shooting . Garner told CNN that the university gives teachers six years to get tenure . Those who do not get it are terminated , he said . University President David Williams said a prayer service would be held on Sunday . He said the campus would open next week for employees , but that there would be no classes . Reached at the couple 's home , Jim Anderson told CNN that his wife has an attorney whom he would not identify . He described her as a good teacher . CNN 's Alona Rivord , Aaron Cooper , Khadijah Rentas and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Police report : Anderson , then 19 , and her mother claimed brother 's '86 death was accidental Anderson charged with killing three faculty members at Alabama university Friday Anderson was never charged in her brother 's 1986 death Police chief says argument preceded '86 shooting ; state police report says accidental
CNN  -- A 22-year-old college student in Boston , Massachusetts , has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a woman who may have been contacted through a Craigslist ad , police said . Police found Julissa Brisman , 26 , unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds on April 14 . She later died . Philip Markoff , a pre-med student at Boston University with no criminal record , also was charged with the armed robbery and kidnapping of another victim , Police Commissioner Ed Davis announced Monday evening . Markoff , who was under police surveillance , was arrested earlier in the afternoon after a traffic stop south of the city , police said . Markoff is suspected in the death of New York City resident Julissa Brisman , 26 , who was found unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel on April 14 . She was transferred to Boston Medical Center , where she died from her injuries shortly afterward . Police said that Brisman , a model , offered massages via Craigslist , a popular online classified ads service . The confrontation between Brisman and her killer seems to have begun as an attempted robbery , police said . "  It appears that there was a struggle between the victim and the suspect in the threshold of the hotel room immediately prior to the shooting , " the Boston Police Department said in a statement posted on its Web site . Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean-cut young blonde man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , said the Boston Police Department , which had asked for the public 's help in identifying the man . Police did not release a photo of Markoff on Monday . Four days before Brisman 's killing , Markoff allegedly robbed a 29-year-old woman at gunpoint at a Westin Hotel in Boston , Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley said . A police spokesman would not disclose the details of her Craigslist ad but said she and Brisman were "  involved in similar professions . " "  This is a compelling case with a myriad of evidence -- with computer evidence being a part of it , " Conley said , adding that additional search warrants would be executed this week . Markoff 's arraignment was set for Tuesday morning at the Boston Municipal Court . It was not immediately clear if he had retained defense counsel . Davis and Conley warned there may be other victims that come forward in the case . "  We would like to make one final pitch to those out there who may have been a victim of robbery at the hands of Philip Markoff , especially those who may have used Craigslist in the manner in which the victim used Craigslist , " he said . Authorities received more than 150 leads in the case , which Davis credited to the popularity of the Web site . "  The public came forth , they were fascinated by this crime , " he said , adding , "  I wish we had this level of cooperation in every homicide that occurred . " Davis said Boston investigators were working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , in what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , according to Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , according to McCartney . He said no conclusions could be made , but allowed that the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . " Watch police say assailant is perusing Craigslist ads " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster said the company was "  horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . " He promised that Craigslist would evaluate the incident to see if additional measures could be introduced to further protect users . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : Police make public plea to "  those who may have been a victim " on site Police charge 22-year-old Phil Markoff in woman 's slaying Suspect also charged in kidnapping , armed robbery of another victim Woman found with gunshot wounds was model who advertised on Craigslist
CNN  -- "  Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys , which distract our attention from serious things . They are but improved means to an unimproved end . " - Henry David Thoreau The March on Washington in 1963 was a day for great speeches . Of course , no one knew that the day would also include one of the most famous speeches of the 20th century , Martin Luther King 's "  I Have a Dream " oration  actually titled , "  Normalcy No More "  . In fact , King 's adviser and draft speechwriter , Clarence B. Jones , says that with everyone consumed by march logistics , the speech was not their highest priority , and hours before the event while King was considering a theme for his speech he did n't know exactly what he would say . Ah , the triumph of procrastination . It was a different time , a time when politicians like JFK and preachers like MLK made efforts to craft big ideas in beautiful language . It was the age of thriving newspapers and bookstores . Back then , audiences listened expectantly for the art of rhetoric . They demanded that speakers respect them enough to put real effort and poetry into their publicly spoken words . And , they listened without the pressure and distraction of multitasking on mobile devices . They listened patiently , even while sweating profusely in the August heat . What about today , in the age of social media ? Would Martin Luther King , Jr. be an active social media communicator ? And , a more important question : How well would Martin Luther King , Jr. 's gift for rhetoric translate over social networks ? Opinion : 50 years later , civil rights struggle is far from over The answer to both questions is positive . As a public theologian he had an encyclopedic knowledge of political writings and literature . He had an amazing ability to educate , inspire and mobilize people through language and speech . He would have recognized that social media is the public square of the 21st century . A keen communicator could not afford to be silent in this space . According to King 's advisers , Clarence B. Jones and Andrew Young , Martin would have utilized Twitter and other social media . Jones says , "  He would be up all hours of the night telling me and Stanley Levison his thoughts and we would have learned to send tweets . " It 's worth noting that during the mid-1950s , King  most likely assisted by a staff member  responded to readers ' letters in his "  Advice for Living " column in Ebony Magazine . He did this in order to communicate with a more diverse audience through popular media . He discontinued the responses after his life became too busy and his doctor recommended a slower pace following his 1958 stabbing . As a man who both loved people and loved to talk , he would have a large social media footprint . As for the second question , could King be King via Twitter ? The real taste test is found in the actual language he used to educate and inspire . And , surprisingly , much of it fits within the most constraining of social media platforms , the 140 character limit of Twitter . Here 's a sample : "  Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality . " 108 characters . "  Truth , crushed to earth , shall rise again . "  quoting the poet William Cullen Bryant  42 characters . "  We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice . "  paraphrasing abolitionist Unitarian minister Theodore Parker  93 characters . "  Let justice roll down like waters and righteousness as a mighty stream . "  from the biblical prophet Amos  . 71 characters . "  I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality . " 88 characters . "  This is why right , temporarily defeated , is stronger than evil triumphant . " 74 characters . "  Our loyalties must transcend our race , our tribe , our class , and our nation ; and this means we must develop a world perspective . " 128 characters . And , "  From every mountainside , let freedom ring . And when this happens , when we allow freedom to ring , when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet , from every state and every city , we will be able to speed up that day when all of God 's children , black men and white men , Jews and Gentiles , Protestants and Catholics , will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual , ` Free at last ! Free at last ! Thank God Almighty , we are free at last ! ' " Oops , 470 characters . OK , he 'd have to split that one into a quartet of tweets . King 's instincts for youth culture were strong and , if alive today , he would be a prominent commentator with a vast social network of followers and friends . This would be an easy way to engage in meaningful dialogue with millennials and Gen X , particularly important since researchers report that younger people do not attend traditional houses of worship at near the rate of their parents . In fact , we now call them "  nones " referring to the fastest growing response to the question of one 's religious preference . Probably , they would never hear his sermons from the pulpit , but they would read his tweets and Facebook posts and see his Instagram pics . For Dr. King , everybody in and nobody out Seeking to engage youth , he taught a course at Morehouse College to a small group of college students that included former NAACP chairman Julian Bond , he spoke to countless university audiences , and he was famously photographed playing pool on Chicago 's west side with "  the boys in the hood " -- not to mention the touching photos of him with his own lovely children . King was determined to remain relevant to a dynamic freedom movement that rode on the backs of students despite the fact that , ultimately , he was bound by conscience to criticize the most militant expressions of that youth culture , largely dominated by Malcolm X , Stokely Carmichael of "  black power " fame , anti-war hippies , and Huey P. Newton , co-founder and icon of the Black Panther Party . His inner moral compass compelled him to criticize ideologies that encouraged further racial separatism and/or violence . Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt and Jared Cohen say in a new book , "  The New Digital Age , " that the Internet is "  the largest experiment involving anarchy in history " creating a brave new capacity for free expression and free movement of information . We have seen evidence most recently in Egypt where the Arab Spring was driven by social media but later also led to troubling disruptions to a young , fragile democracy . King was no fan of anarchy . He was irrevocably committed to nonviolent civil disobedience , and would have taken pains to influence the marketplace of ideas toward greater order , fairness , interdependence and civility . Our new global connectivity requires an encompassing moral vision of how humans can and should live together . Dr. King understood this and would be an active voice expressing the big ideas of freedom and justice for all , through mellifluous phrases and cadences that would appeal even to hip hop ears . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Franklin .	Robert Franklin : Martin Luther King was an especially skilled communicator Franklin says King would have used social media tools to share his message King reached out , not only through sermons and speeches , but also the media Franklin : King 's message would still have broad appeal today
CNN  -- Jesse Altman makes himself at home when he travels for work . Travel experts say you should negotiate a cheap room rate long before you get to your hotel . As he goes around the country selling his small company 's coffee-energy drink hybrid , Whynatte Latte , he has found that staying in friends ' homes saves him a substantial amount of money he might otherwise spend on lodging . "  For three nights , that 's almost a thousand bucks right there , " the Atlanta , Georgia , businessman said . "  A bottle of wine on the kitchen counter when you leave goes a long way -- or making sure the fridge is stocked . If we go out to dinner , we definitely cover the tab . " Many businesses are cutting back on travel budgets , and many small companies have to be inventive to trim costs . Staying with friends is an extreme exercise in frugality , but when it comes to lodging , several experts and frequent travelers stress the importance of considering every way to save money during these difficult financial times . "  The first thing that someone looking to save money should do , they need to think about what they actually want from a hotel , " said business travel expert Joe Brancatelli . "  If you just need a bed and a shower , you do n't need to stay at the Westin , go to Four Points . " Brancatelli , editor of joesentme.com , a Web site for business travelers , also suggested visiting a hotel 's main company Web site to find the cheapest rates for price comparisons . You could also use a blind bidding site , such as Priceline , but it 's a gamble because you do n't know which hotel you 'll get . For Brancatelli , it 's worth it to choose a hotel and pay a bit extra . Other frequent travelers told CNN the ways they 're thinking outside the box to stay within their tight travel budgets . Sharing a room or home Shel Horowitz , owner of FrugalMarketing.com , says home stays offer big savings and a better way to enjoy the city . Home stays are rooms in residences that cost little , if anything at all . "  They are amazing -- not only do they save you money , but they give you a much more interesting trip , " he said , pointing out that the owner of the home can steer you toward local attractions and eateries . Horowitz not only uses home stays when he is on the road , he also offers a room at his home for people visiting New York . He uses Servas , a nonprofit organization that promotes cross-cultural understanding by connecting travelers with hosts . Servas interviews and approves travelers and charges an annual fee for travelers . Other Web sites allow people to rent out their entire homes or rooms within their homes . Altman said he likes AirBed & Breakfast , on which people post pictures of the rooms for let and prices . Horowitz also said that conference attendees can often split a room with someone from another company . The meeting planner of a conference he recently attended set up a Facebook page for participants seeking roommates . In most cases , if you check with the conference planner , he or she can try to help you find a room to share . Call the hotel If you decide it would be easiest to stay at a hotel , you need to pick up the phone , some of the frequent travelers said . Horowitz and Richard Laermer , CEO of RLM PR , urge business travelers to call their destination hotel and book through its reservation staff . Make sure you ask for the best rate and negotiate . Then go one step further and pit a few hotels against each other , Laermer said . You can get rooms for half price that way , he said . "  I think the phone is the killer app that everyone keeps forgetting about , " he said . "  Pick up the phone , call the hotel and tell them you can get a better deal and ask them what they can do for you . " If you do n't get the deal you want , consider another hotel that is substantially cheaper and close by . But do n't go for the lowest price . "  I have found there is n't a whole lot of difference between the $ 60-a-night and the $ 200-a-night hotel , " Horowitz said . "  But there is quite a bit of difference from the $ 29-a-night hotel and the $ 60-a-night hotel . " Brancatelli said to consider your time as a valuable commodity , so weigh the cost of negotiating against the time it would take to get a much lower rate . Rack up the points Altman does n't always stay with friends , so he tries to stay at a hotel chain where he can get points toward future stays or airline tickets . All major chains offer programs with free enrollment . Eileen Hanson , a vice president with Hilton Hotels , said members of a loyalty program also get extra perks , such as larger rooms or free Wi-Fi . But the best advantage is earning points , something even a person who only travels occasionally can do , she said . "  You can easily rack up enough points in just a few stays to earn enough points for a free night , " she said . About 90 percent of reward redemptions at Hilton are for hotel stays . With the summer traveling season ahead , many chains are starting promotional periods this month to increase the number of loyalty points you can earn for each night 's stay or items you can win . Crowne Plaza is offering loyalty club members the chance to earn a free set of high-end golf clubs , for instance . Hilton is adding bonus points . Points also can be earned across the brand . So if you choose an extended-stay hotel , you get rewards for giveaways , too . And increasingly , extended-stay hotels are becoming more attractive for business travelers , who can save money by using them as an apartment away from home . A growing number of travelers are buying groceries and cooking in their rooms , experts said . Still , the most important factor in hotel choice is the price of the room , said Gina LaBarre of Crowne Plaza , and hotels are taking a serious look at how much they charge so they can stay competitive . All the experts said planning ahead is the key to saving money . Figure out your lodging well in advance . Research and weigh your options . Save money where you can , but remember that comfort and convenience also have a value , especially when an important business meeting is involved . But watch the little costs , Brancatelli cautioned . For one , do n't get room service ; take a trip to a local restaurant instead . "  There 's no need to buy a $ 30 club sandwich , " he said .	Atlanta man stays with friends while on business , leaves presents as thanks Home stay organizations connect travelers , people willing to share spare room Experts recommend calling specific hotel you want to stay at and negotiating rate Take advantage of points programs to earn free nights or merchandise
CNN  -- The Nigerian military said Thursday it killed one of the leaders of the Islamist extremist group , Boko Haram , which has waged an insurgency in the nation for years . Mamadu Bama was the second-in-command , the military said in a statement . He was killed this month along with his father , who was the group 's spiritual mentor , the military said . The militant group has not released any statement on the deaths . Boko Haram has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009 , murdering and kidnapping Westerners , and bombing schools and churches . It is suspected to be behind a gruesome mosque killing this week . In that attack Sunday , militants brandishing automatic weapons killed 44 worshipers in the country 's troubled Borno state . Around the time of the attack , the group released a video boasting that it was growing stronger . Boko Haram translates loosely to "  western education is forbidden/sinful . " It holds all government authority in contempt and wants to establish a state in northern Nigeria under Islamic law . Human rights groups have accused the Nigerian military of extrajudicial killings in its fight against the militant group . "  Soldiers have allegedly burned homes and executed Boko Haram suspects or residents with no apparent links to the group , " Human Rights Watch said in a report this year . "  Nigerian authorities have rarely brought anyone to justice for these crimes . "	Boko Haram has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009 Mamadu Bama is second-in-command of the Islamist extremist group , army says He was killed along with his father , who was the group 's spiritual mentor
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Monday for political will from both parties to fix what he described as the country 's "  eminently solvable " economic problems in the wake of last week 's downgrade of its credit rating by Standard & Poor 's . In remarks to reporters that were added to his daily schedule , Obama noted the Friday downgrade from AAA to AA + occurred because "  they doubted our political system 's ability to act " following the grueling negotiations with congressional leaders that preceded last week 's agreement on a debt ceiling increase . Now it will take political will on the part of Democrats and Republicans , the president said , calling on all involved to stop refusing "  to put what 's best for the country ahead of self-interest or party or ideology . " "  We knew from the outset that a prolonged debate over the debt ceiling , a debate where the threat of default was used as a bargaining chip , could do enormous damage to our economy and the world 's , " Obama said on a day the Dow plunged 634 points in reaction to the S&P downgrade . "  That threat , coming after a string of economic disruptions in Europe , Japan and the Middle East , has now roiled the markets and dampened consumer confidence and slowed the pace of recovery . " he said . Calling the situation a "  legitimate source of concern , " Obama said the "  good news " is that "  our problems are eminently solvable . And we know what we have to do to solve them . Later at a Democratic fund-raiser , Obama said he inherited the nation 's economic problems . "  Look , we do have a serious problem in terms of debt and deficit , and much of it I inherited when I showed up , " he said . "  And because of the financial crisis , it got worse . So there 's no doubt that we 've got to fix our long-term finances . " The nation needs to tackle its budget deficits over the long term , he told reporters earlier , adding that he will be presenting his ideas for how to proceed in coming weeks as a special congressional committee set up under the debt-ceiling agreement begins its work . Obama offered no details of his plan , and White House Press Secretary Jay Carney also provided no additional information when questioned later by reporters . In his remarks , Obama said the issue of the most immediate concern to most Americans and to financial markets was the slow pace of recovery from economic recession . He renewed his call for Congress to extend into next year the payroll tax cut that took effect in January as well as funding for unemployment insurance benefits , saying both steps would spur economic activity by putting money into the hands of consumers . Noting public concerns about the economy , Obama declared : "  Markets will rise and fall , but this is the United States of America . No matter what some agency may say , we 've always been and always will be a triple-A country . " To tackle the mounting federal deficits and national debt , Obama has called for a comprehensive agreement that would cut spending , reform entitlement programs and increase tax revenue . "  What it requires is that those of us who have the capacity can pay our fair share when it comes to taxes , like we did just as recently as 2000 , when Bill Clinton was president , and requires us to make some modest adjustments in programs like Medicare that allow us to get a better bang for our buck on health care , " Obama said at the evening fund-raiser . "  And if we did those things over the course of 20 , 30 years , because this is a 20 - or 30-year problem , then the problem would be solved , " he said . "  It 's not rocket science . And it does n't require us to decimate the things that we know are going to help us grow and become competitive . " Republicans oppose any kind of tax increase , and many reject increased tax revenue even if the tax rates remain the same or are lowered . The tax revenue issue , as well as the scope of entitlement reforms , have been the main stumbling blocks to a major deficit reduction deal . "  Over the next several months , there will be tremendous pressure on Congress to prove that S&P 's analysis of the inability of the political parties to bridge our differences is wrong , " said House Majority Leader Eric Cantor said in a memo to GOP members . "  In short , there will be pressure to compromise on tax increases , " he said . "  We will be told that there is no other way forward . I respectfully disagree . " The special congressional committee set up under a debt ceiling deal will comprise 12 members -- six Democrats and six Republicans -- from the House and Senate . It must present its recommended package of deficit reduction steps by November 23 , and Congress must vote on the package with no amendments by December 23 . Congressional leaders have until August 16 to appoint members to the special committee . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : At a Democratic fund-raiser , Obama says he inherited economic woes NEW : "  It 's not rocket science " House Majority Leader Cantor says there will be pressure to compromise on tax hikes The Dow plunges 634 points
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans , who fervently pound the podium against the deficit , did n't blink Friday at passing a whopping $ 287 billion business tax cut measure with no effort to pay for or offset that amount . GOP lawmakers argued the bill helps the economy , but budget-watching organizations outside Congress proclaimed it an irresponsible move . The 258-160 vote marked one of the largest unpaid-for measures passed by the House in years , but was also the latest sign that tax cuts are at the center of the Republican universe and the ballyhooed deficit fight is not on the same level as a priority . "  Here in the House , we 're doing what we can to help  pass jobs  , " read the statement from GOP House Speaker John Boehner , "  passing another bill today that would create more certainty and give small business owners an incentive to invest and put more Americans back to work . " What $ 287 billion does The bill , H.R. 4718 , would make permanent something called "  bonus depreciation " : a significant and recent benefit for businesses . Bonus depreciation allows companies to deduct 50 % of the value of new equipment or assets in the year they are purchased . It 's considered a "  bonus " because the provision provides a much greater and much faster tax benefit than traditional depreciation . The idea first became law under President George W. Bush in 2002 , who said it was meant to be temporary . The tax benefit has been extended repeatedly until the end of last year . At that time , it expired along with a slew of other temporary tax provisions called "  tax extenders " because they have gone through this process so often . The issue of $ 287 billion now The move by Republicans to back $ 287 billion in tax cuts comes at a time when they are loudly questioning much smaller spending bills : the president 's request for $ 3.7 billion to respond to children crossing the border , $ 11 billion to keep highway projects afloat for less than a year and the roughly $ 35 billion Senate measure to revamp the veteran 's health care system . Combined , those measures are still less than a fifth of the tax cut bill . "  Wildfire season is approaching and there are not enough resources , " said Texas Democratic Rep. Lloyd Doggett during Friday 's debate , "  Our highways crumble , bridges literally fall down ... While there is so much of vital needs that we just do n't seem to have the resources to address , these same Republicans tell us that we can afford to borrow from the Chinese or the Saudis to deliver  tax cuts  . " Should tax cuts be paid for ? "  Permanency is something we need to strive for , " said Rep. Peter Roskam , R-Illinois , on the House floor , arguing that if a tax provision is extended year after year , it should be made into firm law . But that was a change in position from February , when he and other Republicans on the House Ways & Means Committee initially proposed erasing bonus depreciation altogether , a point Democrats stressed . "  The gives inconsistency a bad name , " said Rep. Sander Levin , D-Michigan , the ranking Democrat on Ways & Means . "  I want to say how appalling it is for Republicans to come forward and say ` let 's  push $ 287 billion  unpaid for . ' " Conservative groups split on the question , with Heritage Action urging Republicans to vote "  yes " and issuing a blunt statement that cut to the heart of the GOP argument . "  Members should not hesitate to make bonus depreciation permanent , " the political organization wrote in a statement to Congress . "  Nor should they feel compelled to offer a "  pay for " as reducing taxes does not require a budget offset . " That is a central point of debate , should tax cuts require an offset ? Is it OK to add the cost of tax cuts to the deficit ? While Republicans point to sweeping economic benefits , opponents insist those benefits will never materialize if the tax breaks are made permanent . "  The temporary nature of the break may induce a modest number of firms to accelerate some purchases , " wrote Chuck Marr , in an analysis for the nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities that slammed the bill . "  If , however , the tax break is permanent , then there is no incentive for firms to accelerate purchase . " The CBPP called the measure "  irresponsible . " Separately , the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has also indicted that the tax cut loses some economic bite when made permanent . The conservative Club for Growth objects to tax extenders in general but did not issue a statement on Friday 's vote , because the organization sees it as maneuvering in a predictable battle with the Senate . "  The whole process is silly and everyone knows how it 's going to end , " said Club for Growth 's Barney Keller to CNN . The spokesman thinks the House and Senate will combine their bills and pass some form of tax extenders later this year . "  It 's ridiculous . " What next ? While the vote passed with the overwhelming endorsement of House Republicans -- just two voted ` no ' -- this will not be the final version of a tax cut bill . The Senate also must ring in on how deal with the expired tax cuts . And as Keller with the Club for Growth noted , House members openly are positioning for those negotiations with the Senate . That could happen in the last months of the year . "  We 'll have a good old-fashioned compromise , " said Rep. Pat Tiberi , Republican of Ohio and sponsor of Friday 's bill .	Boehner says measure meant to help small businesses Critics say the measure may not get the desired effect Senate must weigh in
CNN  -- Firefighters in northern Colorado face another round of nightmare conditions on Monday as high temperatures , low relative humidity and gusty winds whip a blaze near Fort Collins . The High Park Fire has consumed more than 56,000 acres so far , fire authorities said . It is about 45 % contained . More than 1,700 personnel were battling the blaze . "  It just feels really dire . It 's scary , " resident Lupe Sandoval told CNN affiliate KUSA TV . "  You feel bad for everybody . " The National Weather Service rates the fire risk in six Western states on Monday as "  critical . " Red flag warnings are posted across 10 states , warning of high winds , low humidity and warm temperatures . The High Park Fire is west of Fort Collins , has destroyed at least 181 homes , according to a statement posted on InciWeb , a U.S. multiagency fire response website . "  The assessment is still under way and this number will continue to grow , " the statement said . The blaze has moved through forests and neighborhoods , forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction . It has claimed one life , a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home last week . "  It will be some time before this fire is out , but our challenge now is to make sure we do everything to contain the damage , " said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , who oversees the Forest Service and toured the Colorado blaze . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said a tree struck by lightning more than a week ago sparked the mammoth blaze in his state . Elsewhere in Colorado , firefighters are battling an 11,988-acre fire near Pagosa Springs that broke out last month . That blaze is 30 % contained . Meanwhile Sunday , a new fire broke out and quickly spread to 200 acres near Pueblo , forcing some evacuations of residents . In New Mexico , the Whitewater Baldy complex has scorched more than 296,000 acres , the agriculture secretary said . More than 3,200 fire personnel from across the United States are helping local departments battle the fire that began on May 16 . The blaze was 80 % contained as of Sunday . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The High Park Fire burns more than 56,000 acres , fire officials say It has destroyed at least 181 homes More than 1,700 firefighters are battling the flames "  It just feels really dire , " a Colorado resident says
CNN  -- Phoenix police were investigating Sunday how a 45-year-old woman died over the weekend while in police custody at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor International Airport . Carol Ann Gotbaum , in an undated family photo , may have accidentally strangled herself while in custody . Carol Ann Gotbaum may have accidentally strangled herself while trying to get out of her handcuffs , Phoenix Police Department spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill said Saturday . "  According to investigators , it appeared as though Ms. Gotbaum had possibly tried to manipulate the handcuffs from behind her to the front , got tangled up in the process , and they ended up around her neck area , " he said . Witnesses told police that Gotbaum was "  yelling and screaming " and running through the terminal Friday . She was arrested for disorderly conduct . While handcuffed , the New Yorker became "  disruptive " and she was taken to a holding room , where she was left alone , Hill told CNN affiliate KTVK . Investigators said officers went to check on her five to 10 minutes later . Police policy requires that be done every 15 minutes . Finding Gotbaum "  unconscious and not breathing , " Hill said , officers performed CPR . "  Sometime during the time she went into custody , she went into medical distress , " he said . Gotbaum was the mother of three young children and the daughter-in-law of longtime New York City Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum . Betsy Gotbaum called Carol Ann Gotbaum "  a wonderful , wonderful person " and a great mother . She said the family was dealing with the situation "  the best way we can . " A spokeswoman for the Maricopa County medical examiner said an autopsy would be conducted Monday morning . E-mail to a friend	Carol Ann Gotbaum may have accidentally strangled herself , police said Accident might have happened when she attempted to free herself of handcuffs She was arrested Friday for disorderly conduct at Phoenix airport , police said Police say she was "  yelling and screaming " and running through the terminal
Olympic Park , London  CNN  -- "  Let it be known from this day forth , the Olympic movement has seen the creation of the first ` rock 'n' roll ' Games , and London 2012 will be remembered for all time as the venue of its birth . " An affirmation that was not so much spoken by opening ceremony supremo Danny Boyle - film director and Oscar winner of "  Slum Dog Millionaire " fame - but implied with so much of his vision for the 30th Olympiad curtain raiser . Music was the heartbeat of the $ 42.3 million spectacular , an aural backdrop arguably worthy of the "  Isle of Wonders " hype , creating an almost tangible cultural DNA of what the organizers feel is to be British . From the androgynous swagger of David Bowie  his hit "  Heroes " introduced Team GB to the stadium  , to the drugged-out funk of the Happy Mondays ; the rolling grooves of Soul II Soul 's "  Back to Life " to the punky-punch of The Prodigy 's "  Firestarter " ; the petulance of the Stones ' "  Satisfaction " to the raw , rebellious sound of the Sex Pistols ; and form the staccato rap of Dizzee Rascal  born a stone 's - throw from the Olympic Park  to euphoria of Underworld 's bespoke-written tracks a montage of era-defining tunes were melded together to provide a snapshot of distinctly British sounds . And if all of that was n't enough , music was also used to answer the biggest question that had hung over the event like a judge 's gavel : How do you top Beijing ? Easy , by getting a Beatle to end the show ! Olympic opening ceremonies are often a anomalous mix of political grandstanding , national branding and artistic re-visioning of the global gathering that the Games represents . The response of London 2012 organizers to the grandiose opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympics , such was the scope and spectacular nature of the Chinese curtain-raiser , was always going to pique curiosity . It seemed apt to end the evening with the voice of one of the Fab Four , who had directly influenced many of the other acts who had performed earlier in the night . In fact , the Arctic Monkeys even sang Abbey Road 's "  Come Together " as part of their set . The Beatles may well be a band form another century but the 28 million people who follow the now defunct band 's official Facebook page suggests they are loved the world over as much as ever . Beijing may have had an athlete running around the roof of the arena but London had McCartney play out with "  Hey Jude " leaving television viewers from around the world no doubt humming a chorus that even language proves no barrier to : "  Nah , na , na , nananna nah , nananna nah ... " etc. . Put simply , it rocked : a spell-binding moment that touched the soul in the way the splendor of the Beijing opener failed to with such force . The vision had always been clear even back in the Bird 's Nest Stadium -- when Led Zeppelin 's legendary axeman Jimmy Page and stunning soul singer Leona Lewis belted out "  Whole Lotta Love " from the top of a double-decker bus to provide soundtrack to the handing over of hosting duties from China . It may have been seen as a risk by many , but for some the tone and topic matter captured British idiosyncrasies well . Jamie Fullerton - features editor for the NME  New Musical Express  , Britain 's pre-eminent weekly music magazine , told CNN : "  What 's really interesting is the set included bands like New Order and Happy Mondays , organizers tipping their hat towards the cult element of British rock 'n' roll music , which is very different to what you see at an event like the Superbowl . "  I think Britain likes to see itself as having a bit of edge . The Sex Pistols were only recording for a couple of years , but people bought into their rebellious nature the world over . It 's funny how this anti-establishment band is now seen as one of the nation 's great musical acts . There 's also an element of embracing the outsider in Britain . New Order were the ultimate cult band , coming from Factory Records , a small independent record label , and being from Manchester . I would imagine most Americans are n't familiar with bands like New Order , so it 's great to showcase them . "  The Olympics is a cultural event and the Games is about hammering home the sense of location as much as anything , it 's natural for music to be a big part of that especially because it 's so integral to our identity in Britain . "  As for The Beatles , they are the biggest band of all time . Their template is the one that was followed through the generations , and I think if you ask any visitor to Britain to name a few of the favorite things about this country , I 'm sure the Beatles would still be one of them . " Statistics would also suggest that Boyle had been correct to assume that many around the world see British identity closely entwined with that of its musical exports . Sales of British music abroad reached $ 2.9 billion in retail value in 2011 with British artists accounting for almost 13 % of global sales of recorded music , according to BPI  the representative body of the British Music Industry  figures . Compared to Britain 's share of world trade in goods  2.7 %  , the trade of recorded music is four times the nation 's average share of trade in services , accounting for 12.6 % of the global market , according to figures from the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills . In 2011 for example , Adele became the fourth British artist in five years to claim the best-selling artist album in the world , following in the footsteps of Amy Winehouse , Coldplay , and Susan Boyle . The Londoner 's second album , 21 , sold 18 million copies , accounting for 1.6 % of all albums sold in the global music market that year . Thanks to the success of new faces on the scene , such as Tinie Tempah , Florence + the Machine , Hugh Laurie and Mumford & Sons , the BPI states that one in every eight albums sold this century in America alone were produced by a UK act . In Europe , British acts accounted for 52.7 % of all sales . Geoff Taylor , the chief executive of BPI -- a body that represents independent and major record labels in the UK -- told CNN in a statement : "  I think British people are more obsessed by music than any other people in the world , they buy more CD albums per capita than any other nation , it 's fundamental to our life . "  180 million singles were sold in the UK last year . We ran a survey last year to ask whether the UK population thought that we 'd made an important contribution to world music . Eight out of 10 thought we did , and the same number said they were proud of the music Britain produces . "  The Beatles were particularly important in paving the way internationally . Their invasion of the States really raised the profile of the quality that is produced here in the UK . Whether it 's punk or dub step , we have a great tradition of being innovative . We 're a nation which , given the size of our economy and population , punch way above our weight in music . "  Without doubt we are a musical superpower , alongside the United States , and if anything the cultural influence of Britain 's music is increasing as our communications are increasingly digital . " Ultimately , the success of the opening ceremony to the London 2012 Olympics can probably only be judged properly with the perspective of hindsight and when measured against the others that have gone before it . But , arguably , by putting popular music at the center of the showpiece Boyle , and the local organizers , focused on an area where Britain can still boast of superpower status . Maybe Beijing and London were n't so different in their approach after all . Now , back to the "  Nanana nahs . "	Music was the heartbeat of the $ 42.3 million Olympic opening ceremony spectacular Former Beatle , Paul McCartney ended the night by playing "  Hey Jude " NME : "  They 're tipping their hat towards the cult element of British rock 'n' roll music " Montage of era-defining tunes provide snapshot of distinctly British sounds
London  CNN  -- The head of the International Olympics Committee again rejected calls for a moment of silence during the Games ' opening ceremony to honor Israeli Olympians killed in a terror attack at the 1972 Games . "  We feel that the Opening Ceremony is an atmosphere that is not fit to remember such a tragic incident , " Jacques Rogge , the president of the International Olympic Committee , said Saturday . Ronald Lauder , the president of the World Jewish Congress , condemned that stance Sunday as "  unfeeling " and "  completely out of touch . " More than 100,000 people have signed an online petition calling for a moment of silence in memory of the 11 Israeli athletes and coaches killed by Palestinian militants at the games in Munich , Germany , 40 years ago . A German policeman and five of the attackers also died . President Barack Obama supports the campaign , the White House said Thursday . Read more : Obama says yes to Olympic tribute Israel 's Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon has also been a vocal proponent , campaigning on Facebook and Twitter for "  Just One Minute " of silence . The refusal of the IOC to back the plan "  told us as Israelis that this tragedy is yours alone and not a tragedy within the family of nations , " Ayalon said in May . Ankie Spitzer , whose husband Andrei was among those killed , was the first to sign the petition . "  They came to Munich in 1972 to play as athletes in the Olympics ; they came in peace and went home in coffins , " she writes in the online plea . She says she has "  no political or religious agenda . Just the hope that my husband and the other men who went to the Olympics in peace , friendship and sportsmanship are given what they deserve . One minute of silence will clearly say to the world that what happened in 1972 can never happen again . " Rogge said Saturday that the IOC would "  be present " at the September 5 ceremony honoring the dead at the site where they were killed in Germany . "  We are going to pay a homage to the athletes , of course , as we always have done in the past and will do in the future , " he said . But Lauder of the World Jewish Congress said that was inadequate . "  Frankly , that 's not good enough , " he said , arguing that "  hardly anybody " will notice that event . The attack began in the early hours of September 5 , 1972 , when eight Palestinian terrorists disguised in track suits broke into the Olympic Village in Munich . Read more : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? They stormed the apartments housing Israeli athletes and coaches , killing two and taking nine others hostage . Hours later , the world woke up to the image of a masked man on the balcony of the Olympic Village . From the Olympic Village , the militants demanded the release of 200 Arab inmates from Israeli prisons or they would start killing the athletes in Munich , one every hour . Israel refused to negotiate , and the terrorists demanded an airplane to Egypt . The German government then attempted a rescue at the airport . When it was over , all the Israelis , five terrorists and one German police officer lay dead . The Munich Games were temporarily suspended , and a memorial service attended by some 80,000 people was held at the Olympic Stadium . Opinion : Olympics , mark dark day in Munich CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Activists want a minute of silence at the opening ceremony for 11 Israelis killed in 1972 The International Olympic Committee head says it 's not the right venue for the tribute President Barack Obama backs the call for silence in memory of the victims 11 Israelis , a German policeman and 5 terrorists were killed in Munich 40 years ago
CNN  -- It 's Sunday night during TNT 's coverage of the NBA playoffs , and announcer Kenny Smith , aka "  The Jet , " is doing push-ups . TNT 's Kenny Smith tries to connect personally with NBA fans through his Twitter feed . Not on camera , but on Twitter . "  Hawks look hot ! CWebb , my boy Fabian and I doing 30 - pushups P90X style every commercial . . getting summeer -LSB- sic -RSB- ready , " writes Smith to his followers on Twitter , the microblogging site where you can "  tweet " brief messages of up to 140 characters . Five hours later , Smith  @TheJetOnTNT  tweets a follow-up : "  Man , i think im gon na be sore . " By Monday morning , though , he seems raring to go again : "  Im not sore today ! the workout didnt kill me ... Im back !! " Welcome to today 's intersection of sports and social networking , where college athletes , professional players and even broadcasters use tools like Facebook and Twitter to share their thoughts and experiences with fans . "  Sports personalities are tweeting now . They are giving fans a reason to tune in to see their comments , " says Adam Ostrow , managing editor of Mashable , a blog devoted to online social media . Ostrow believes social networking sites like Twitter allow athletes to connect directly with fans without the filter of the traditional media . And while many athletes and teams have blogs and Facebook profiles , Twitter allows for a more personal connection between fan and sports , he says . NBA All-Star Shaquille O'Neal  @THE_REAL_SHAQ  is both a prolific scorer and a prolific twitterer . His more than 700,000 followers get his tweets about everything from his diet to his recent trip to Graceland . Seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong  @lancearmstrong  has more than 650,000 Twitter followers for such updates as "  Eating pizza at home w / the family . Good test today , kids go home tomorrow  sad  , and a hellacious week of training coming up . " Hockey players also are getting into the act . Washington Capitals ace Alex Ovechkin  @ovi8  was on Twitter during the NHL All-Star game in January , tweeting about the festivities and responding to fan questions and comments . One athlete , Milwaukee Bucks forward Charlie Villanueva  @CV31  , even got into hot water after tweeting during halftime of a game last month . Villanueva 's entry read : "  In da locker room , snuck to post my twitt . We 're playing the Celtics , tie ball game at da half . Coach wants more toughness . I got ta step up . " He did . Villanueva finished with a team-high 19 points , and the Bucks won . Now sports announcers are using Twitter to talk to fans about everything from game action to what they do when the cameras are off . Fox Sports  @MLBonFox  baseball commentators and reporters are using Twitter to share tidbits from players and behind-the-scenes moments that the normal fan may not even think about . Fox play-by-play announcer Joe Buck , one of the network 's wittier twitterers , shared this recent tender moment from the broadcast booth : "  Joe Buck : Cold in the booth in STL . Tim -LSB- McCarver -RSB- and I are bundled up . And snuggling . Hard to type . I think hypothermia is starting to set in ! " TNT is using the same approach to connect with basketball fans during the current NBA playoffs . Eleven members of the network 's broadcast team have joined Twitter to provide insight into games , offer nuggets from players and solicit fan opinions . "  TNT is an interesting experiment if they add analysis they do n't give on TV , " said Ostrow of Mashable . "  More interesting if they give more non-basketball info . " And they are . When Kenny Smith started on Twitter , he was n't really sure what it was or how it would work . So he just answered the default question on his page : What are you doing ? "  I want to have some fun with it , " Smith told CNN . "  I love scavenger hunts . I might leave tickets to the conference finals somewhere and leave clues on my Twitter . " Twitter gives announcers another way to connect with sports fans , Smith said . "  You can give an attitude -LSB- on Twitter -RSB- , " he said . "  They can hear you on the air , but -LSB- on Twitter , they -RSB- get to hear your voice . " Smith hopes to continue revealing "  behind-the-scenes " details in his tweets , because he wants his more than 1,000 followers to feel like they are there . And he plans to continue twittering beyond the NBA playoffs . Increasingly , sports fans use social networking to talk back . For the Stanley Cup playoffs , the NHL recently organized "  tweetups " where Twitter users met face-to-face to talk about whatever brought them together . Events were organized in 21 cities in the United States and Canada . Laura Astorian , a self-described hockey blogger who follows the St. Louis Blues and Atlanta Thrashers , helped organize an NHL tweetup in Atlanta , Georgia . She said even though the city 's hockey-fan base is relatively small , the fans rely on each other and use social networking sites like Twitter to communicate . "  The people who did come enjoyed the chance to sit down and talk hockey with like-minded people , " Astorian said . "  We did have fun , and there was mention of using the tweetup strategy for our draft party in July . "	More pro athletes are using Twitter to share their thoughts and experiences with fans Popular and prolific twitterers include Shaquille O'Neal and Lance Armstrong Sports announcers use Twitter to share behind-the-scenes details with fans TNT has 11 broadcasters tweeting during the current NBA playoffs
CNN  -- Oilfield services giant Halliburton will plead guilty to destroying computer test results that had been sought as evidence in the Deepwater Horizon disaster , the Justice Department announced Thursday . Company officials threw out test results that showed "  little difference " between the number of devices Halliburton said was needed to center the cement casing in the well at the heart of the disaster and the number well owner BP installed , according to court papers . The issue has been key point of contention between the two companies in hearings and litigation ever since the April 2010 blowout . BP and Halliburton are still battling over responsibility for the disaster in a New Orleans federal courtroom . BP had no comment on the plea agreement Thursday evening . The Deepwater Horizon blowout killed 11 rig workers and unleashed the biggest oil spill in U.S. history . The federal government estimates more than 200 million gallons poured out of the ruptured well , located nearly a mile underwater off southeastern Louisiana . The environmental effects of the disaster are still being determined , and BP says it has paid out $ 32 billion for cleanup , compensation and penalties . The Halliburton tests , which used a computer simulation , were run in May and June 2010 . After each of the two rounds of tests , a Halliburton executive ordered the simulations destroyed , the charges state . "  During ensuing civil litigation and federal criminal investigation by the Deepwater Horizon Task Force , subsequent efforts to forensically recover the deleted Displace 3D computer simulations from May/June 2010 were unsuccessful , " according to prosecutors . In a court filing in 2011 , BP accused Halliburton of destroying evidence -- including "  inexplicably missing " computer modeling results -- "  to eliminate any risk that this evidence would be used against it at trial . " Halliburton has agreed to pay the maximum fines available , be put on probation for three years and cooperate with federal agencies that are still investigating the spill , the Justice Department said in a statement announcing Thursday 's agreement . In addition Halliburton has made a $ 55 million "  voluntary contribution " to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation , a payment "  that was not conditioned on the court 's acceptance of its plea agreement . " A federal report in 2011 concluded that BP , Halliburton and Deepwater Horizon owner Transocean all violated federal offshore safety regulations and shared responsibility for the disaster . Halliburton is the last of the three major players to admit criminal wrongdoing in the 2010 blowout and resulting oil spill . BP has admitted to manslaughter and 13 other criminal counts and agreed to pay $ 4 billion in fines , while Transocean admitted to violating the Clean Water Act and paid $ 1.4 billion in civil and criminal penalties . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Halliburton destroyed computer tests after Deepwater Horizon , prosecutors say Tests showed "  little difference " between what it urged and what BP did , they say BP and Halliburton are still battling over the disaster in court BP had accused Halliburton of destroying evidence in 2011
CNN  -- Everyone talks about our broken political system . Washington is too polarized . Money dominates politics . Politicians do n't know how to lead . Citizens are not as attentive to governance and public policy as they should be . Americans either ignore politics or see it is one more form of entertainment , "  American Idol " on steroids . As a result , politicians get away with all kinds of misstatements and truths , in part because the electorate is so gullible . How do we make our democracy work better ? Political reform will be essential to making sure that our institutions operate effectively . The news media needs to do a better job of separating truth from fiction and backing away from the increasingly partisan outlook of journalism . Civic organizations need to do more to make sure that voters are active in politics and , at a minimum , that they actually vote on Election Day . But education is also going to be a key part of the equation . The way in which we teach our citizens in schools and colleges is how we shape our electorate from a very young age . If we do not do a good job imparting the basics that are needed to be virtuous members of our democracy , the system will never be repaired . Unfortunately , there is some bad news on this front . A recent study by the American Academy of Arts & Sciences sounded the alarm that vital subjects such as history , literature , language , civics and the arts are in trouble . According to the report , the percentage of students majoring in the humanities has dropped in half , falling from 14 in 1966 to 7 in 2012 . In 2010 , only 45 % of high school students were able to demonstrate a basic understanding of U.S. history . Government funding for this kind of research , compared with the sciences , has also fallen . The study points out that the federal share of funding for research in law and humanities was the only area of research that was smaller in 2011 than in 2005 . In recent years , the Republican-controlled Congress has repeatedly targeted funding for political science research . The commission argues this kind of decision has hurt our nation 's economy . Of the nation 's business leaders interviewed in the report , 51 % said they believed that a liberal arts education was "  very important . " The humanities and social sciences are essential to making good citizens . To improve our politics , we need to make sure that these disciplines remain integral to the curriculum of our students . Why ? Each offers a particular set of tools that is hugely important to the ability of citizens to make good decisions . In history , my area of focus , understanding the past gives us a much richer understanding of the political problems facing the nation today . "  History does n't repeat itself , but sure does rhyme , " Mark Twain once said . We learn how politicians have tried to tackle problems before , what has worked and what has failed . There have been so many missteps in foreign policy , such as Iraq , that could have been averted with a better understanding of the past . We also gain a better understanding of the roots and origins of contemporary challenges . If we approach issues such as immigration with that kind of long-term vision , we are in much better shape to actually tackle the forces that cause our problems and to do so in a way that does n't repeat the mistakes of the past . The study of language is absolutely essential in our modern world . Politics today is global . In the 21st century , the lines separating one nation from the other continue to thin . The more that our leaders and citizens can communicate across broad swaths of territory , the better understanding we will have of how our government 's decisions affect different parts of the world and how events going on overseas might reshape the United States back at home . The study of English , particularly literature , is a window into understanding different perspectives . There are few subjects like English that help students really probe how other people see the world , a rigorous exercise into looking into the mind of a writer as he or she unpacks characters , place and time . "  It 's always amazing how little Democrats and Republicans know about each other , " writes David Brooks . In an era when polarization has done so much to make this kind of communication among Americans virtually impossible in politics , the practice of literature is the best way to force oneself to shift perspectives and develop empathy for the worldview of others . It also is great instruction in the art of writing and communication , another skill that seems to be falling by the wayside in modern politics . Finally , the study of civics is essential . Political science can move students beyond the horse race that is often overcovered in journalism and into understanding the larger structural patterns and institutional dilemmas that continually shape politics . Rather than just speaking about a red and blue America , we can see if the polling data actually supports that argument and , if it does , what the forces are that drive divisions between the parties . The kind of work that Nate Silver has produced in The New York Times , which offered much better understanding of what was happening in the election , is based on long-term statistical analysis rather than snapshot analysis . It 's built on the kind of rigorous civics instruction that schools can provide . In one of my classes on leadership in historical perspective , a former government official from overseas spent much of the semester writing a paper about how Ronald Reagan approached the negotiations with Mikhail Gorbachev , hoping that one day he could use the lessons himself . He was recently appointed to a high-level position by his country 's president and might well be in an ideal position to translate this kind of learning into action . Another student , an undergraduate economics major , decided to take one of my seminars on political history primarily for his intellectual curiosity . He told me that the readings on issues such as the Progressive Era and the history of health care were enormously helpful in his recent work advising a high-level aide to President Barack Obama . One student who had a long career as state police trooper and who worked as an adviser to a governor pursued his doctorate in history . He had returned to complete his undergraduate degree after years in the workforce and found that studying the history of American politics opened up many insights into the origins of the problems he had confronted . Others have applied their education in fields as diverse as child advocacy and international law . Too often in our race to pour resources into disciplines such as the hard sciences that have more tangible applications and output , we lose sight of the kind of learning that is essential to produce good citizens . The costs of such bias become clearer every year , as our political system suffers and , as a nation , our government seems incapable of dealing with the biggest problems before us . Policymakers would do well to rethink our narrowing vision of education . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : People deplore our broken political system , but do n't seek root causes He says American education is turning away from fields such as history , civics , languages Zelizer says a new report points out humanities majors have declined sharply He says those who 've studied history learn much that they can apply to today 's problems
CNN  -- Syrian soldiers working to retake a rebellious northern town killed , wounded and arrested members of "  armed terrorist groups " operating in the region , state media reported Saturday . This development unfolded as Syrian troops on Friday afternoon came to the entrances of the city , Jisr Al-Shugur , in an operation "  to restore security and tranquility to the area which was being terrorized by armed terrorist groups , " the Syrian Arab News Agency reported . This military offensive took place amid anti-government protests raging across Syria for nearly three months , outpourings that have led to violent security crackdowns on demonstrators . Syria 's Bashar al-Assad regime has consistently blamed what it calls armed gangs for the bloodshed over the last three months . But activists and protesters say security forces have caused the violence . The Syrian government announced it would punish Jisr Al-Shugur after it accused "  armed groups " of killing at least 120 security forces there several days ago . Syrian refugees who fled to Turkey disputed that claim , saying some of the soldiers rebelled after being ordered to fire on unarmed protesters and instead started fighting among themselves . The military advance spread panic throughout the civilian population , and residents said they had evacuated women and children from Jisr Al-Shugur in recent days . More than 3,800 Syrians have fled to Turkey , the Anatolia news agency reported . In the nearby town of Maaret al-Nouman on Friday , Syrian security forces and helicopters advancing toward Jisr Al-Shugur sprayed automatic weapons fire into a crowd of thousands of protesters demonstrating after Friday prayers . As the army reached Jisr Al-Shugur , it "  arrested a large number of the armed terrorist group members and killed and wounded a number of them , despite the fact that these groups resorted to setting up traps using dynamites stolen from Wadi Abyad dam area , " SANA reported , citing Syrian TV . The military confiscated machine guns , explosive devices , detonators and Turkish SIM cards from those arrested , state TV reported on Saturday . "  Cameramen and reporters " were ambushed at the entrance of Jisr Al-Shugur "  after they came under heavy fire by the terrorist armed gangs . " It said the journalists were doing well and there were no casualties . "  The army managed to foil the armed groups ' attempts to besiege the grain silos in the area . The group had threatened to burn crops and any vehicle that attempts to transport groups to the silos , " SANA reported . Protests spread across Syria on Friday and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 25 people were killed in various locations , including 11 in Maaret al-Nouman . Amnesty International said it believes that more than 1,100 people have been killed in the three-lcrackdown , including 82 children . Every Friday for weeks , anti-government marches have been organized after Muslim prayers . Friday 's expression of discontent was called "  the Friday of kinship . " '	"  A large number " of arrests are made , state media reports "  A number of "  armed " terrorists are killed or wounded The conflicts in Syria has raged for three months
CNN  -- Manchester United 's hopes of winning a treble this season ended on Saturday with a 1-0 defeat to arch-rivals Manchester City in the semifinals of the English FA Cup at Wembley Stadium . Alex Ferguson 's team are on course for a record-breaking 19th English league title and have also reached the semifinals of the European Champions League , but Yaya Toure 's second-half winner gave City the chance of winning a first trophy in 35 years . The Ivory Coast midfielder pounced after consecutive errors by veteran goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar and midfielder Michael Carrick allowed him the chance to drill in a low shot seven minutes after halftime . United 's bid to reach the final of the 140-year-old knockout competition for a record 19th time was then sabotaged by a moment of madness from 36-year-old midfielder Paul Scholes . The former England international , the only player of the two squads actually born in Manchester , was sent off with 18 minutes left for a reckless high lunge into the thigh of City 's Argentine defender Pablo Zabaleta . Ferguson casts doubt over Hargreaves future City last won the tournament in 1969 , and most recently reached the final in 1981 -- one of the modern classics which was won in a replay by Tottenham . Roberto Mancini 's team will face either Bolton or Stoke in the final on May 14 , with the two Premier League teams meeting in Sunday 's second semifinal also at England 's national stadium . The Italian urged his team not to get carried away , with the club still battling to qualify for next season 's Champions League . "  We have everything in our hands . If we have the same spirit we had today , we have the fourth spot , " he said , having molded City into contenders since taking charge December 2009 after being handed a lavish transfer kitty by billionaire owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan . "  Manchester City was a small team until three , four , five years ago . It 's important to start to win the first trophies . " United should have taken an early lead after dominating the first half-hour , with Dimitar Berbatov guilty of two bad misses in quick succession . The Bulgarian , starting in place of suspended England striker Wayne Rooney , was first denied by quick-thinking goalkeeper Joe Hart and then belied the form that has seen him become the Premier League 's top scorer this season by inexplicably scooping the ball over the bar from close range after being found by Nani 's inviting low cross . City , missing injured captain and top scorer Carlos Tevez , capitalized on some slack United defending after the interval as the 40-year-old Van der Sar -- who retires at the end of this season -- made a poor clearance and then Carrick gave the ball away to Toure . Hart did well to tip a 65th-minute freekick from Nani onto the crossbar before Scholes ' red card forced a reshuffle with Berbatov replaced by midfielder Anderson . Man of the match Toure was denied by Van der Sar in the final minute and City survived five minutes of time added on to reach the club 's second final since winning the English League Cup in 1976 . The match ended in ugly scenes as United defender Rio Ferdinand had to be restrained after Anderson reacted to City striker Mario Balotelli 's unwise celebrations in front of opposition fans . Ancelotti in troubled waters at the Bridge In Saturday 's Premier League action , third-placed defending champions Chelsea moved five points clear of City with a 3-1 victory at mid-table West Brom . The London club bounced back from the midweek Champions League exit at the hands of United as striker Didier Drogba leveled the scoring after this time being given the chance to start instead of $ 80 million signing Fernando Torres . West Brom had led through Nigeria striker peter Odemwingie , but Salomon Kalou put Chelsea ahead in the 26th minute and Frank Lampard sealed victory just before halftime . The result eased any fears that Chelsea will not qualify for next season 's top European competition , moving Carlo Ancelotti 's team eight points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham -- who host United 's main title rivals Arsenal on Wednesday . Arsenal can reduce United 's lead to four points by beating sixth-placed Liverpool on Sunday in a match that Kenny Dalglish 's team also need to win in order to beat Tottenham to the sole Europa League spot . Everton consolidated seventh place with a 2-0 victory at home to Blackburn thanks to second-half goals by midfielder Leon Osman and defender Leighton Baines , the latter a penalty . Aston Villa moved up to ninth with a last-gasp 2-1 victory at second-bottom West Ham as substitute striker Gabriel Agbonlahor headed an injury-time winner after teammate Darren Bent canceled out Robbie Keane 's early opener . Sunderland , European hopefuls earlier this season , slumped to an eighth defeat in nine games as the 2-0 loss at Birmingham left both clubs in a group of four teams on 38 points -- five clear of the relegation zone . Wigan moved out of the bottom three with a 3-1 win at Blackpool that dropped the promoted home team into the danger area for the first time this season .	Manchester City through to English FA Cup final for the first time since 1981 Yaya Toure 's 52nd-minute winner ends United 's hopes of winning three trophies this season Roberto Mancini 's team will face either Stoke or Bolton in the final on May 14 Third-placed Chelsea move five points clear of City with a 3-1 win at West Brom
CNN  -- A new look Germany got their European Championship qualification campaign off to a winning start by beating Scotland 2-1 in Dortmund . Thomas Mueller gave Germany the lead in a tightly fought game that saw the Scots equalize in the second half thanks to a superbly taken goal by Ikechi Anya . But the irrepressible Mueller scored again four minutes later and Germany held out before Scotland were reduced to ten men late on . New look Germany It is barely six weeks since Germany won the 2014 World Cup at the Maracana in Rio , but already thoughts have turned to the European Championship finals in France in two years time . Yet Germany was missing many of the players that had featured in that famous World Cup campaign , not least Miroslav Klose , Philipp Lahm and Per Mertesacker who have all retired from international football . A recent 4-2 thrashing by fellow finalists Argentina in a friendly last week -- Germany were 4-0 down at one point -- had raised fears that the transition to a new look team might be a painful one . Germany started strongly in the first half and took a deserved lead in the 18th minute when Mueller looped in a header . A flourish of goals did n't follow . Instead Scotland , rejuvenated and unbeaten in six competitive games under coach Gordon Strachan , worked themselves back into the game and were unlucky not to equalize when Everton striker Steven Naismith hit the post . But the equalizer did come eventually after Anya raced through on the left and calmly slotted the ball past Manuel Neuer . Parity did n't last long as Mueller scored the decisive goal and any chance of a comeback was snuffed out after a late Mulgrew red card reduced the Scots to ten men . Chance for the underdogs Elsewhere in Europe it was a chance for the underdogs to shine . UEFA , European football 's governing body , has changed the qualification format for the 2016 competition . It has been expanded to 24 teams , meaning that the top two in each group qualify automatically to the finals whilst third place might earn a play off spot . There has been much criticism of the move in Europe 's established footballing powers for diluting the standard of the competition , but the change also opens the door to smaller teams who might not otherwise qualify . Albania grabbed their chance with both hands . The tiny Balkan state beat a Ronaldo-less Portugal 1-0 . Northern Ireland came back from a goal down to beat Hungary 2-1 after scoring twice in the last 10 minutes whilst the Faeroe islands looked on course for a shock win against Finland before the Finns scored three second half goals . Gibraltar hammered There was no fairytale ending for Gibraltar . The tiny British overseas territory , UEFA 's smallest and newest member , was playing its first competitive match since being admitted last year . Gibraltar 's membership of UEFA had become a political hot potato . The ownership of the territory is disputed by Spain , who claim Gibraltar is Spanish territory and have opposed any attempts to admit them in to UEFA . But the Gibraltar Football Association successfully took their case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport , allowing the national team to play in qualification for the first time in their history . Although their match against Poland was supposed to be a home game , Gibraltar 's Victoria Stadium does not meet UEFA 's standards and the match was moved to Portugal . After an impressive first half , Poland went into overdrive in the second . Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski scored four times as Poland ran out 7-0 winners . Monday sees current European champions Spain play Macedonia , England play Switzerland and Austria play Sweden .	Germany beat Scotland 2-1 in Euro qualification First competitive match since their World Cup win Albania shock Portugal 1-0 Poland thrash new boys Gibraltar 7-0
London  CNN  -- Instagram is hoping to extract more value from photos uploaded in the past , co-founder Kevin Systrom said Tuesday . Systrom , making one of his first public appearances since Facebook acquired his photo-sharing app in April for $ 1 billion , said he wants to expand the software to go beyond the "  10-hour " time frame viewed by most users . "  We 're still really hard at work on our product ideas , " he told attendees at Le Web London -- an offshoot of Europe 's biggest internet conference , usually held each December in Paris . "  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , and I 'm really excited about it . " With the Facebook deal still under financial scrutiny in the United States , Systrom gave few other details about what changes its 50 million users can expect . Seven tech-behavior faults that are n't so bad Systrom said Instagram 's success lay in its ability to help people communicate visually and express themselves to a wider audience in new , creative ways . "  If it 's an honest , genuine photo , it will go far , " he said . But he admitted there was considerable room for improvement . He said the company plans to introduce "  channels " to organize the flow of images and help users find the best ones . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover "  I think we need to do a better job of creating these channels and silos that allow people to learn new things about the world , " he said . "  We have the content -- it 's about exploring it . " To escape the sense that Instagram 's feed is merely a snapshot of the past few hours , Systrom said his developers are working to find better ways to curate older content . "  We are trying really hard to take all the data that you 've put into Instagram and let you see into the past , " he said . Instagram or Facebook Camera ? Systrom appeared alongside celebrity chef and British TV personality Jamie Oliver , an avid Instagram user . Oliver , who has led healthy-eating campaigns in the United Kingdom and the United States , spoke about the democratizing power of the Web , but was more blunt in his assessment of what images attracted the widest circulation : "  boobs , pretty girls and dogs . " Systrom offered his own inspiration to other startup companies looking to follow in his footsteps . "  Entrepreneurs need to focus on solving problems , " he said . "  If you try to solve big problems , there will always be funding . "	"  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , " co-founder says CEO Kevin Systrom said Instagram will introduce "  channels " to organize data flow Instagram hopes to curate older content and become more timeless Facebook acquired Instagram , a mobile photo-sharing app , for $ 1 billion in April
Addis Ababa , Ethiopia  CNN  -- The sight of a baby girl suckling on the breast of her dead mother changed the course of Abebech Gobena 's life forever . The year was 1980 and Ethiopia lay in the grip of what would become one of the most devastating famines in its history . Gobena , a devout Christian , was on a pilgrimage to a holy site in the north-east region of the country when she came across the dead mother and her baby , lying amid a sea of people who were starving to death . "  When I was returning , there were so many of these hungry people sprawled all over , you could not even walk , " Gobena told CNN . "  I had some bread on me , so I tried to feed them . I fed two men . When I reached this woman , she was dead , but the child was still suckling at her breast , " she continued . "  One of the chauffeurs charged with picking up the corpses said to me , ' I am waiting for the child to die so I can pick up both bodies . I just ca n't bear to take the child as well while she is still alive , ' " Gobena said . Without a second thought , Gobena bundled the tiny girl into her arms and smuggled her to the country 's capital , Addis Ababa . In that instant , she transformed both the baby 's future and her own . Haunted by the images of the dying people , it was n't long before Gobena headed back to the countryside in an effort to source water for the destitute locals . She came across another child in the arms of his dying father . Find out more about Gobena and her orphanage . Gobena told CNN : "  At the end of the day , as we were going home we came upon five people , three of them dead , two alive . One of the men dying by the side of the road said to me , ` This is my child . She is dying . I am dying . Please save my child . ' " Gobena took the baby boy home which posed a threat to her own safety , she explained to CNN . "  It was a terrible famine . There were no authorities . The government at that time did not want the famine to be public knowledge . So I had to pretend the children were mine and smuggle them out . " By the end of 1980 , Gobena had taken in 21 children . But her desire to save the young children caused friction in her family . "  My family , my husband gave me an ultimatum , choose the children or choose your life , " she told CNN . "  My relatives , even my mother said , ` She has gone mad , she should be checked at the mental institution . ' " Gobena continued : "  I was not welcome at home . So I decided to move to some land I had bought with the intention of raising some chicken . I moved into this forest area with the kids . " Thirty years on and Gobena , now more famously known as "  Africa 's Mother Theresa , " is the founder of Ethiopia 's oldest orphanage . Gobena 's thirty-year legacy means she has raised a generation of Ethiopia 's abandoned children , orphaned by the ravages of famine , war and HIV/AIDS . However , leaving her own family was a tough decision for Gobena , who had struggled since childhood to gain an education , job and secure family life . Born in 1938 , she was only a month-old when her father was killed during the Ethio-Italian war . As tradition dictated , she was brought up by her father 's parents until the age of 11 , when she was married off without her consent . Revolting against her marriage , Gobena ran away from home to Addis Ababa , where she scraped a basic education , gained a job as a quality controller and remarried . She told CNN : "  I suffered because of the traditions of the country I was born in . But things have improved . My goal is not to marry them off , but to raise them as adults who can take care of themselves . " Gobena has come a long way since 1980 when she struggled to survive , resorting to selling her possessions and tearing up her own dresses to make clothes for the infants . Now her orphanage , as well as sheltering , also acts as a school , educating over 700 children . But she says : "  I have no regrets . God has helped me get to this point . I always had great faith in God . "  I knew we would survive , even selling small things by the roadside . I am so happy because none of the children died , and all of them grew up . "	Abebech Gobena is the founder of Ethiopia 's first orphanage Her humanitarian work started when she saved the life of a baby girl suckling on the breast of her dead mother Now Gobena 's orphanage cares for over 700 children
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Sue Schwartz says she 's been called a racist so many times she does n't mind the label anymore . If wanting immigrants to enter the country legally , like her great-grandparents from Mexico , and obey the laws of the land makes her racist , then so be it , she says firmly . "  I 'm getting to the point I wear it with pride , " says Schwartz , a lifelong Arizonan who has warily watched the growth of the illegal immigrant population in the state over the course of her life . About 500,000 unauthorized immigrants were believed to live in Arizona in 2008 , and 11.9 million nationwide , up from 3.5 million nationwide in 1990 , according to a Pew Hispanic Center report published in 2009 . This year , the tide is finally turning in her favor , she says , with the passage of SB 1070 , aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration . The new law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . Read the full text of Senate Bill 1070  PDF "  I hope it makes a lot of them leave on their own , self-deportation . Hopefully that 'll open up more jobs . There 's a lot of people here who will do menial jobs -- maybe not pick lettuce , but these people are n't just picking lettuce any more , " says Schwartz . The new law also targets those who hire illegal immigrant day laborers or knowingly transport them . What will Arizona immigration law do ? Schwartz , a retired USPS worker , says undocumented workers are taking jobs from citizens like her teenage granddaughter , who has n't been able to find a job since she began looking after she turned 15 . "  She ca n't even work at the Hometown Buffet if she does n't speak Spanish . How fair is that ? " she said . But Schwartz and some other Americans with Hispanic backgrounds who spoke with CNN say the problem with illegal immigrants is n't just the jobs they take . It 's how they 're overrunning towns like Phoenix , turning them into "  mini-Mexicos " with their trash-filled streets and loud music , according to Schwartz . Of equal concern to her friend , Martha Payan , is how she claims illegal immigrants "  fleece " government coffers by collecting welfare on multiple children , or vanish without a trace after an arrest or a hospital visit . The two women , who became acquainted through various demonstrations in the metro Phoenix area , met Thursday to discuss their views outside the Maricopa County Municipal building , as more backlash against the controversial immigration law continued to flood the city . Latin pop star Shakira arrived in town Thursday to discuss SB 1070 with Mayor Phil Gordon , who has vowed to fight the law . This comes a day after Mexico urged its citizens not to travel to Arizona . Sporting a white baseball cap that that reads , "  100 % American Citizen , " Schwartz says she believes that SB 1070 came about because law enforcement in Phoenix was fed up over not being able to ask suspects about their immigration status . "  Any time an American does something wrong or breaks the law they 're going to pay the consequences . Whenever an illegal does something wrong they get a new ID and become a new person , " she says . "  I want the laws same for everybody here , not bent for them . " The 59-year-old mother of four adult children says her Mexican parents and grandparents taught her a respect for the law at an early age . Her grandmother , who lived in Juarez , Mexico , after being kicked out of the United States for smuggling drugs , encouraged her to get a good education and speak English , her second language , outside of the home . "  If I entered another country illegally I 'd go to jail , yet they 're demanding better treatment than their government would give us , " she says . iReport : Share your thoughts on immigration policy Anna Gaines , a Mexican-born U.S. citizen , says she took up the fight against illegal immigration after becoming disillusioned by the attitudes of immigrant families that she witnessed as a teacher in the Paradise Valley School District in Paradise , Arizona . "  Many of these families were having one child after another just to earn a paycheck from the U.S. government and they did n't care about their children 's education , " says Gaines , the controversial founder of American Citizens United , a grass-roots organization known for its extreme views on immigration enforcement . "  They did n't want to contribute , just take . " Gaines , who came to the United States as a nurse on a work visa during the Vietnam War and met her current husband , says she thinks immigrants have changed over the years . "  There used to be a level of dignity and self-respect . They were hard-working people who wanted to contribute to American society because it was better than where they came from , " says Gaines , a petite woman in her 70s . "  But our government has been giving them handouts for so long that now they expect them . " Gaines says SB 1070 mirrors federal law on fortifying the borders , allowing local officials to enforce immigration law in a manner that the federal government should have been doing all along . "  We as Americans have the right to defend this country 's laws . There 's nothing racist about protecting the country , " she says . Payan , originally from Puerto Rico , hopes the law will deter future illegal immigration . "  I hope it stops trespassers and lets people know the law is the law and you cross that border illegally , it 's a crime , " she says . Payan has also been called "  traidora , " or traitor , by neighbors in her primarily Hispanic neighborhood who know how she feels about illegal immigrants . "  They know how I feel . I do n't hide my feeling , " she says . "  I 've already had by apartment broken into and had my car hit by an illegal . What more do I have to lose ? "	Woman who supports the new immigration law says she has been called racist She also believes illegal immigrants are taking away jobs Some with Hispanic roots say illegal immigrants are turning towns into "  mini-Mexicos " One woman says negative experience in school system helped form her opinion
CNN  -- Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey said Thursday that three Occupy Denver activists have been charged with felonies -- including inciting a riot and second-degree assault on an officer . While Occupy Wall Street protests began in New York two months ago , the movement has spread to several other cities -- as have reports of activists clashing with police . Some of the most high-profile incidents have taken place in Denver , including two tied to the filing of felony charges . A pair of men who were arrested on Sunday were charged with felonies . The previous night , police in riot gear arrested 17 people as they cleared furniture and tents from an Occupy encampment near the city 's civic center , police spokesman Sonny Jackson told CNN . The main issue , he said , was that the items were blocking a right of way . On Sunday afternoon , two police officers were injured when protesters became upset when police began removing a food table from a park . Some of the protesters surrounded a police car . One woman then pushed a Denver police officer , according to an earlier Denver police statement . She and a male who came to her aid were arrested . The district attorney 's office announced Thursday that a 28-year-old man has been charged with two felony counts of inciting a riot and one misdemeanor count of obstruction for allegedly blocking a police car and and telling others to riot . He has two other cases pending from two different dates in October -- unlawful conduct on public property and unlawful sexual contact -- according to the press release . Another 30-year-old man was charged with a felony count of second-degree assault on a police officer -- as well as misdemeanor charges of obstruction , resisting arrest and engaging in a riot -- from the same day . The district attorney claimed this man grabbed a law enforcement officer from behind and tried to hit him and wrestle him to the ground . A third man , who is 26 years old , also was charged with second-degree assault of a police officer . That charge stems from an October 29 incident in which the man allegedly tried to use a stick to hit an officer who was trying to arrest him . That day , demonstrators tried to occupy the Colorado Capitol -- which is not allowed -- and officers pushed them back , police spokesman Matt Murray said at the time . Pepper spray and pepper-ball guns were used against demonstrators . The man charged , Sean Drigger , told CNN affiliate KUSA soon after the incident , "  All we 're trying to do is have a peaceful protest and  the police  are attacking us . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Denver 's district attorney says 3 will face felony charges related to 2 incidents The charges including inciting a riot and assaulting a police officer One had accused police of "  attacking us " during demonstrations
CNN  -- She 's an acerbic columnist who 's made a living lighting up politicians and public figures in the opinion pages of The New York Times , but the only lighting up that Maureen Dowd did for her latest piece was the type typically done by her brethren over at High Times . OK , fine , her story was about the kind of marijuana that you eat , not smoke , but you get the point . Do n't be such a buzz kill . In her column published Tuesday , Dowd examined Colorado 's growing pains with its exploding marijuana industry . Her objective was to point out that for all of the revenue , tourism and cases of munchies that have made it an economic windfall for the state , legalizing pot has n't been without problems -- she quoted health officials who say hospitals are treating "  growing numbers of children and adults sickened by potent doses of edible marijuana , " and she brought up cases in which overly potent pot candy may have led one man to kill his wife , and another to leap to his death from a hotel balcony . Gauging by the chatter on social media , her point was lost amid the cautionary tale she told . While she was in Denver , she decided to experiment with edible marijuana for the first time . From the sound of it , it will probably be her last . "  I figured if I was reporting on the social revolution rocking Colorado in January ... I should try a taste of legal , edible pot from a local shop " she wrote . "  What could go wrong with a bite or two ? Everything , as it turned out . " Dowd said that after eating pot-infused chocolate-flavored candy , she "  lay curled up in a hallucinatory state " in her Denver hotel room bed for eight hours , paranoid that a room-service waiter would narc on her . "  I became convinced that I had died and no one was telling me " she wrote , invoking memories of the Dearborn , Michigan , cop who called 911 to report that he and his wife may have died after consuming pot brownies . That call , which occurred in 2007 , went viral at a time before everyone had a Twitter account . That 's not the case anymore ; Dowd 's long , strange trip has been retweeted thousands of times . "  Maureen Dowd has a Pulitzer but this is what she 'll be remembered for on Twitter , " @conradhackett tweeted . " ' I really want to get high with Maureen Dowd ' - said no one ever , " cracked @kelly_carlin . With the skewering she 's taking , Dowd may be wishing for short-term memory loss so she can forget all about it . CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd 's experiment with legal pot did n't go well She says she was "  curled up in a hallucinatory state " for eight hours Dowd is largely being mocked on social media
CNN  -- This is not the first oil boom to deliver windfall revenue to the world 's leading oil exporter , Saudi Arabia . Saudi Prince Turki Al-Faisal tells MME about the Kingdom 's plans to prioritize education and health . It 's seen boom time before -- in the 1970s -- but this time it 's determined to do things right . This week , MME spoke with Prince Turki bin Faisal al Saud , son of late King Faisal and a nephew of Saudi Arabia 's current ruler , King Abdullah . Back in the 1970s , Prince Turki became Director-General of Saudi Arabia 's foreign intelligence service , the General Intelligence Directorat , a post he held for nearly 25 years . More recently he 's served as Saudi Arabia 's Ambassador to United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland , and , until last February , as Saudi Ambassador to the U.S. Prince Turki is one of the founders of the King Faisal Foundation -- one of the world 's largest philanthropic foundations -- and is the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies in Riyadh . John Defterios spoke with Prince Turki and asked him about the Kingdom 's latest economic boom . JD  : I think you almost have to go back to post World War Two , the rebuilding of Germany and Japan in a per capita sense to match the scale of what 's going on in Saudi Arabia . Would you put it in that context ? PT  : Absolutely . The Kingdom went through many phases of development since its inception -- from 1932 to our present times -- but this is the most extensive expansion of development projects that we 've had , ever . People remember the days of the 1970s and 80s when price of oil went up and the Kingdom went through a development phase at that time that was very extensive , very much throughout the Kingdom . But from 2000 until now it 's more than several times that expansion . And it 's in every phase -- education , health , roads , housing -- everything is simply booming in this country . JD  : How do you avoid the mistakes of the 1970s when there was a lot of capital going out but not a grand vision of what Saudi Arabia should look like ? PT  : I beg to differ : there was a grand vision . We had five-year development plans since 1970 , but people learn from their experience and , of course , whatever mistakes were done in the 70s and 80s we are overcoming them . We also have a much better educated population now then we did then . We are less dependent , if you like , on inexperience then we were in those times . There are people now in charge of doing things , whether in the private sector or in government , that not only have better education , but they 've also had 30 years experience in development projects . JD  : There 's quite a monumental task here because you have 50 percent of the population below 20 and the 2008 budget has 28 billion dollars set aside for primary and secondary schools . Can the next generation participate in this evolution of the economy ? PT  : Well , as the custodian of the two holy mosques has said many times , our future is in the hands of our young people . So we have to provide them with the skills and know-how that will make this country go forward in the future , hence the emphasis on education and healthcare -- education , education , education . It is not just a matter of hardware that we are providing in education but the software as well . For example , the Ministry of Education in this country has undertaken a very unprecedented and first time effort to evaluate its teaching staff by hiring experts who can advise them on the quality of teachers . And they bought teams from Europe and from America and I think even from Japan and other Asian countries that have surpassed us in education to come and evaluate our software . JD  : If you put it into context , King Abdullah is a man in a hurry in a sense . He has only been in office now for just over three years and he has the accelerator down pushing very aggressively . What happens after him ? Is there the same spirit to follow this through ? PT  : Well , just look at who 's going to follow him . He himself has been in the government from early on and participated in all of the development phases of the kingdom since the 60s so he has forty years of experience in development . The Crown Prince Sultan , for example , was in that same development phase as King Abdullah and all of the senior Princes in the Royal Family were part and parcel of this development phase since the 1960s , so it is going to continue . And the ambitions that King Abdullah , through his efforts and his words , has instilled in the people of Saudi Arabia is driving the people towards looking forward , to more development and more accomplishment and more achievement . JD  : If you look at the bigger puzzle that he 's putting together here the new cities are emerging in areas that do not have major cities around them . Is this to avoid the resistance from conservative sectors of society that may resist the moves by this King ? PT  : You know I hear that question many times , as if there is a box where conservatives live and create problems for reformers who live in another box and perhaps people in between live in a third box . The Kingdom is like any other society . Within one family you will have somebody who has a more traditional point of view , and another one with a more modern point of view . It is part and parcel of the growing up process of any society . So building these cities in the areas where they have been chosen to be built is to bring development to these areas , not to avoid any specific objection from any society . And who is going to come to these cities once they are built ? It is the whole fabric of the Kingdom ; the conservatives and the modernizers and the liberals and other groups of people that are part and parcel of the Kingdom . And more importantly I think , from somebody who is outside government now looking on these developments , is the fact that all of these developments are concentrated on job opportunities for the young . We have a very young population . In five years time , in ten years time , all of these people are going to come on stream looking for jobs , looking for opportunities and wanting to have a family and children and so on . So you have to provide for that now , you can not wait five or ten years , hence the King 's hurried pace in putting these things on the ground . JD  : Is part of the strategy to import some of this change as you develop such large centers for commerce and education ? Naturally , you import change at the same time , and that 's healthy for this society ? PT  : Well , I think if you heard my speech today that I gave at the -LSB- Jeddah Economic -RSB- Forum . I described Saudi Arabia as a crossroads for trade and commerce , historically . Going back to pre-Islamic days the Kingdom was always a passage point for goods and people coming from Asia to Europe to Africa and vice versa . With that situation being as it is , naturally change comes from outside , but also the Kingdom is very careful that its basic traditions and beliefs and values are improved rather than discarded by this change . If we have habits or practices that are not helpful we look forward to giving those up . If there are habits and practices that we can learn from others , then we will gladly espouse them . But our basic tenets and beliefs hopefully we will safeguard because they are the things that identify us as human beings . JD  : Do you feel comfortable sitting here today that the wealth from the petroleum resources that are blessed here in this country are being spent in the best fashion possible . If you look back 10 , 15 years and say that was the right strategy ? PT  : Look at what 's happening here in the Kingdom : Universities , schools , hospitals , roads , construction boom , social development , political development , everything . It 's like a beehive of activity . Hopefully in the final analysis , all these bees that are coming together will make us a lot of honey . It 's very easy to sit back and be critical when so much is going on in the development factor . But it is more difficult for that critical outlook to be positively critical . Distinguish between what is negative and what is positive . All countries commit mistakes ; all peoples have different views from each other . I think what has been important about the Kingdom is that the people have come around to embrace change in the Kingdom . And it is a change that is driven vertically by the leadership , but also horizontally by the vast population of the Kingdom . JD  : In fifteen years time do you think we are going to look back with the oil resources that this country has been blessed with and say "  we spent it wisely , it was the best road map we could have followed " ? PT  : I believe so . I believe so because of the effort that the King has put in providing the skills and know-how to the young people . I do n't think I will be around fifteen years from now , but if I am , I am looking forward , as I said earlier , that my children and my grandchildren will make of their world a much better world that I am leaving to them . This is the hope and aspiration that all of us have . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with Saudi Prince Turki al-Faisal at the Jeddah Economic Forum Saudi expansion from 2000 onwards several times larger than 1970s oil boom Emphasis on education , employment for Saudi Arabia 's young population Prince Turki : "  People have come around to embrace change in the Kingdom "
CNN  -- The real Stephen Colbert is probably someone "  Stephen Colbert , " the character , would find easy to mock . The real Colbert is reportedly just a regular guy who lives in a New Jersey suburb with his wife and three kids , has taught Sunday school and says earnest things like "  I really admire newsmen " when explaining that he does n't confuse his Colbert character with an actual journalist . Fans have readily embraced the blustering buffoonery of the conservative character Colbert , who arrives on the "  Colbert Report " set to calls of "  Stephen ! Stephen ! " It remains to be seen if they will have equal affection for the man Colbert who will replace David Letterman as host of "  The Late Show " in 2015 . Even Colbert the character is aware of how tough that just might be . "  I got ta tell you , I do not envy whoever they try to put in that chair , " he said with a wink on his Thursday night show as the audience cheered . "  Those are some huge shoes to fill . " If anyone is used to challenges , it 's Stephen Colbert . Raised in Charleston , South Carolina , the youngest of 11 children , he was just 10 years old when his father and two of his brothers were killed in a plane crash in 1974 . Eastern Airlines Flight 212 crashed in a cornfield near Charlotte , North Carolina , and 72 people were killed . Colbert told Oprah Winfrey it took him years to grieve their deaths . "  I did n't really really feel the loss until I was in college , " he said " Then , oh , I was in bad shape . " He told the New York Times Magazine in 2012 that he credits his mother with helping him survive the tragedy . "  She taught me to be grateful for my life regardless of what that entailed , and that 's directly related to the image of Christ on the cross and the example of sacrifice that he gave us , " said Colbert , a devout Catholic . "  What she taught me is that the deliverance God offers you from pain is not no pain -- it 's that the pain is actually a gift . What 's the option ? God does n't really give you another choice . " Colbert says it was his mother who encouraged him to enter Northwestern 's theater program , which led him into improv and a gig with Chicago 's famous Second City troupe . It was there he struck up friendships with Steve Carell and Amy Sedaris . Colbert eventually landed in New York City where he briefly worked with ABC 's "  Good Morning America " as they needed someone who "  looked straight , but could act funny , " he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in 2007 . "  They really just wanted me to quip , " he said . "  I did one piece for them . " "  GMA " shot down several other story ideas he pitched , Colbert said , but his credentials from them came in handy when "  The Daily Show " came calling in 1997 looking for correspondents . Colbert had written a little for "  Saturday Night Live " and his combination of comedy chops and the brief experience working with "  GMA " made him "  genetically engineered " to work with the show , he said he was told . Thus , the character of "  Stephen Colbert " was introduced to the world . One person who could do without his alter ego is his wife , Evelyn "  Evie " McGee-Colbert , whom he married in 1993 . She told Oprah Winfrey that other Colbert is not welcomed in their home . "  I do n't really like the other guy , " she said . "  He does n't come in this house . " Her husband is smart , funny and incredibly romantic , McGee-Colbert said . He is also intensely private , though he works hard to connect with his audiences and fans , he told Rolling Stone Magazine . "  I was 22 or 23 when I made a decision not to be actively Hamlet-like and miserable in my daily life , and the decision helped a lot , " he said . "  Living vitally is not easier than living morbidly -- it 's just better . People are all we 've got . " Colbert will have to rely on such fans to make his new venture a success . Merissa Marr of the Wall Street Journal wonders at his crossover appeal once Colbert the character has been vanquished . "  Whether Mr. Colbert can maintain his following as a different persona , no longer cloaked in parody , is n't guaranteed , " she writes , noting that "  CBS is arguably the most middle of the road of the broadcast networks . " Colbert 's old boss has no worries . On "  The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart said , "  The exciting news is that I no longer need a cable subscription for the privilege of watching Stephen Colbert . " "  I think Stephen Colbert is up for the challenge , " Stewart said . "  So while we wish Dave the absolute best for a well-earned retirement , there 's no greater joy for seeing a genuinely good man , who works as hard as he can every day and deserves all the success in the world , actually get that success . For Stephen we 're just thrilled . "	Colbert will not be in character on "  The Late Show " He credits his mother with helping him survive the loss of his dad and two brothers His wife is not a fan of the Colbert character
CNN  -- Russia and France are preparing contingency plans to evacuate their citizens from Egypt , as violent clashes between the military government and Islamists in the country continue . In the latest violence , suspected militants killed at least 25 Egyptian soldiers with rocket-propelled grenades in the Sinai Peninsula . Russia 's Federal Aviation Agency has ordered airlines to prepare plans to airlift Russian tourists from Egypt , the Moscow Times reported . Russia 's largest airline , Aeroflot , said it was ready to begin evacuating passengers from the country as soon as it was instructed to do so . Late last week France also announced that it had a plan to evacuate its citizens under review . Travel advice hardens Russia was among other governments that had already hardened their travel advice on Egypt following the killing last week of more than 500 people in Cairo and other cities in protests against the military overthrow of the government of Mohamed Morsi . Having advised its citizens against traveling to Egypt , on Thursday Russia barred tour operators from selling vacations to the country . Germany extended its advice against travel to the country to include the Red Sea beach resorts around Hurghada and Sharm El-Sheikh -- areas that have been largely immune from the unrest of recent months and that foreign governments have tended to advise were safe . Last week the government of Hong Kong also raised its travel warning , to "  black , " advising against all travel . On Wednesday night , following the day of violence in Egypt in which hundreds of people died as security forces cleared pro-Morsi sit-ins , vacationers in Hurghada had letters posted through their hotel bedroom doors telling them to stay within the hotel grounds and that all excursions had been canceled , the TravelMole website reported . U.S. and British travel advisories on Egypt remain basically unchanged . The U.S. State Department continues to urge its citizens to leave Egypt , if they can . Any remaining in the country should monitor local media for updates on the unrest , it says . The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office continues to advise against travel to Egypt , except the Red Sea resorts . The FCO has for some time advised against travel to the lawless Sinai Peninsula , where the recent grenade attack on Egyptian soldiers took place , except for the resort areas . Compensation Government travel advisories are important not only for travelers ' safety but because they affect what compensation they can claim . Following the German government 's announcement , the tour operator TUI Germany said it was cancelling all trips to Egypt until September 15 and that travelers already in its resorts could stay for the remainder of their holiday or leave early . In Britain , a travel journalist specializing in the Middle East , Matthew Teller , told the Guardian : "  What the FCO does or does n't say rules the roost in terms of what tour operators can and ca n't offer clients . " Travelers were unlikely to be able to change their plans if they were booked to travel in an area , such as Sharm el-Sheikh and other Red Sea resorts , that the government deemed safe , he said . Cancellations Other large travel firms were altering or canceling their Egypt travel programs , in addition to TUI . Thomas Cook said it had canceled all excursions from Red Sea resorts to Cairo , Luxor and sights including Moses Mountain and St Catherine 's Monastery on the Sinai Peninsula . Kuoni , the UK-based operator , has also canceled all Egyptian excursions for 30 days . British Airways has changed its flight schedules to Cairo to avoid the dusk-to-dawn curfew the government has imposed as part of its state of emergency , although tour operators are still being allowed to operate overnight transfers to Sharm el-Sheikh . "  We are also offering customers the option of rebooking to a later date , or to another destination , " a BA spokesman said . Most tourists fly to the Red Sea resorts directly . Easyjet , which runs flights to Sharm el-Sheikh , said it was allowing some passengers with flights booked to Egypt within the next few days to change their destination . The cruise operators MSC , Costa and Holland America Line have also reportedly canceled their Egypt-bound ships . Tourism vital The latest violence in months of unrest in Egypt can only do further damage to the country 's vital tourism industry , which normally employs around 10 % of the workforce and brought in $ 10 billion in 2012 . As chaos has increasingly gripped the country , beginning with anti-government protests in 2011 that led to the overthrow of the Hosni Mubarak regime , tourist numbers have fallen by almost one-third -- from 14 million in 2010 to 10.5 million last year . In further news , the Egyptian ministry for antiquities has closed archaeological sites and museums across the country to protect them from looting , the Egyptian newspaper al Alhram reported .	France , Russia prepare plans to fly citizens out Germany and Hong Kong advise against all travel U.S. tells citizens to leave ; UK says Red Sea resorts are safe What compensation can be claimed ?
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The phrase most spoken by AEG Live 's co-CEO during his testimony in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial was : "  I do n't recall . " Katherine Jackson and her oldest daughter , Rebbie Jackson , watched as Paul Gongaware , who was in charge of producing and promoting Jackson 's ill-fated comeback concerts , testified this week that he could n't remember sending key e-mails or approving budgets that included $ 150,000 a month for Dr. Conrad Murray . CNN exclusively obtained video of Gongaware 's deposition in the case , which was played to jurors Wednesday . He is back on the stand for more testimony Thursday and Friday . Gongaware also denied thinking that Jackson 's health was frail in the last days of his life , despite e-mails from others in the production suggesting the singer needed help . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter is liable in the pop icon 's death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . AEG 's lawyers argue it was Jackson who chose , hired and supervised Murray -- and their company only dealt with Murray because Jackson demanded they pay for him to be his "  This Is It " tour doctor . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's drug overdose death and he is serving a prison sentence . Gongaware seemed to dance around some questions like Jackson doing a "  Moonwalk , " including when he explained an e-mail to his boss ' assistant in which he said he was having nightmares and cold sweats about the concerts . It was not an admission that he was concerned about Jackson 's ability to do the show , he said . "  It was just playing around , joking , " with AEG President Tim Leiweke 's assistant , Carla Garcia , he testified . "  Carla is an absolute babe and I was just chatting her up , " he said . While that testimony drew laughter in the court , it was unclear how jurors and the female judge viewed it , because Gongaware also acknowledged his girlfriend worked at AEG . Gongaware 's repetition of "  I do n't recall " several dozen times under questioning by Jackson lawyer Brian Panish eventually drew laughs from jurors , including when Panish began answering for him with that phrase . After the jury left the courtroom Wednesday , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos commented on the number of "  I do n't recall " responses . "  We 've had a lot of that , " she said . "  How much more of that ? " AEG exec called Jackson "  freak " before signing concert contract The ` smoking gun ' Panish questioned Gongaware about an e-mail Jackson 's lawyers call the "  smoking gun , " which they argue shows AEG Live executives used Murray 's fear of losing his lucrative job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . Show director Kenny Ortega e-mailed Gongaware 11 days before Jackson 's death expressing concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before . Ortega also raised his own concerns about Jackson 's health . Gongaware testified on Wednesday that he thought Ortega was "  overreacting . " His e-mail reply to Ortega read : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Gongaware , in a video deposition played in court on the first day of the trial , said he could not remember writing the e-mail . Trust your memory ? Maybe you should n't Panish on Wednesday played for jurors a section of Gongaware 's deposition , recorded in December , in which Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle questioned him about what he meant when he wrote to Ortega , "  We want to remind him that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . " Boyle : "  Based on the assumptions that AEG is your company and MJ is Michael Jackson , do you have an understanding of what that means ? " Gongaware : "  No , I do n't understand it , because we were n't paying his salary . " Boyle : "  So why would you write that ? " Gongaware : "  I have no idea . " Boyle : "  Now , let 's go on to the next sentence . When you say ` his salary , ' who are you talking about ? " Gongaware : "  I do n't know . " Boyle : "  Oh , but how do you know you were n't paying his salary if you do n't know who we 're talking about ? " Gongaware : "  I do n't remember this e-mail . " Boyle : "  Did n't you just testify that ` we were n't paying his salary ' ? " Gongaware : "  AEG ? " Boyle : "  Yes . No . You just testified ` we were n't paying his salary . ' You just testified to that a few seconds ago , right ? " Gongaware : "  I guess . " Boyle : "  Well , whose salary were you referring to ? Dr. Murray ? " Gongaware : "  Yes . " Watch more of Gongaware 's testimony here After Gongaware began recalling in court Wednesday what he meant in the e-mail , Panish suggested it may be a case of "  repressed memories " where "  someone does n't remember something for three or four years . " "  You did n't have any psychotherapy to remember what you wrote here ? " Panish asked . "  You did n't like get put to sleep -- "  Judge Palazuelos injected : "  Hypnotized ? "  " -- to see if you remembered this ? "  No , " Gongaware answered . Sweet controversy at Jackson death trial The Elvis connection Gongaware 's career as a concert promoter started with Elvis Presley 's last tour . He testified that he met Jackson when he was with Presley manager Col. Tom Parker in Las Vegas . Elvis ' name came up in the trial on Tuesday as Panish questioned Gongaware about his knowledge of drug use during concert tours . He should have been able to recognize red flags signaling Jackson 's drug use because of his experience with Presley and his time as Jackson 's tour manager in the 1990s , the Jacksons contend . An e-mail to a friend two weeks after Jackson 's death supports their argument , the Jackson lawyers contend . "  I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect , " Gongaware wrote . "  Still quite a shock . " AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam later told reporters that Gongaware was referring to the public reaction to Jackson 's death , not saying he expected Jackson would meet the same fate as Presley . Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at age 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that the abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , at age 50 . The coroner ruled his death was caused by a fatal combination of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his insomnia . He was convicted of involuntary manslaughter , sentenced to four years in prison and stripped of his medical license . Gongaware -- who has worked as a tour promoter for 37 years for bands including Led Zeppelin , the Grateful Dead and many others -- testified that the only artist he ever knew who was using drugs on tour was Rick James . Gongaware is currently the tour manager for the Rolling Stones North American tour . Promoter : ' I kind of knew what was going to happen ' to Jackson	AEG Live exec struggles to explain "  smoking gun " e-mail Paul Gongaware : "  I have no idea " why he wrote AEG was paying Dr. Conrad Murray Jackson lawyers argue e-mail shows the concert promoter hired the doctor Gongaware 's repeated "  I do n't recall " answers draw laughs in court
CNN  -- In-form England striker Wayne Rooney scored the opening two goals as Manchester United crushed AC Milan 4-0 to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League . Park Ji-sung and Darren Fletcher were also on target for the English Premier League champions as United secured a convincing 7-2 aggregate success . All the talk beforehand was of Milan midfielder David Beckham 's return to Old Trafford for the first time since United sold him to Real Madrid in 2003 . And the England star was given an emotional reception by the United fans when he came on as a second-half substitute . However , Milan were already 3-0 behind when Beckham was introduced by Milan coach Leonardo and , despite some nice touches and a couple of dangerous crosses , was powerless to help Milan back into the match . Rooney took his personal tally for the season to 30 with goals either side of half-time . The opener came in the 13th minute when Rooney rose between two Milan defenders to head home a Gary Neville right-wing cross . And the second came just 54 seconds after the break when Rooney broke clear through the middle to get a decisive touch to Nani 's superb cross with the outside of his foot . The tie was firmly killed off when Korean Park finished off a Paul Scholes pass and the scoring was completed when Darren Fletcher converted at the far post with two minutes remaining . "  It was a disappointing night because we lost the game but returning here is always special , " Beckham told ITV Sport . "  It was unbelievable . I have to say thank you . It was really incredible . It was nice to be back , a disappointing night but nice to be back . "	Wayne Rooney scores twice as Manchester United crush AC Milan 4-0 Park Ji-sung and Darren Fletcher also on target for a 7-2 aggregate success Milan 's David Beckham receives a superb ovation from the Old Trafford crowd
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Republican House member shouted , "  You lie " during President Obama 's health care speech to Congress on Wednesday , and members of both parties condemned the heckling . Rep. Joe Wilson shouted "  you lie " after President Obama denied the health care plan would cover illegal immigrants . After the speech , South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson issued a statement apologizing for his outburst . "  This evening , I let my emotions get the best of me when listening to the president 's remarks regarding the coverage of illegal immigrants in the health care bill , " the statement said . "  While I disagree with the president 's statement , my comments were inappropriate and regrettable . I extend sincere apologies to the president for this lack of civility . " Wilson also called the White House to apologize and spoke with Obama 's Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who accepted the apology on the president 's behalf , according to a senior administration official . "  We can disagree without being disagreeable , " Emanuel said to Wilson , according to the official . "  That was the point of the president 's speech . " The outburst came when Obama denied that proposed health care legislation would provide free health coverage for illegal immigrants . Immediately , Wilson shouted , "  You lie ! " Watch the outburst and the chamber 's response " The outburst caused Obama to stop and look toward the heckler . "  That 's not true , " the president responded . Fact check : Will reform plan cover illegal immigrants ? Behind him , U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi appeared shocked and turned toward the outburst as Vice President Joe Biden looked down and shook his head . Loud boos echoed through the chamber immediately after the outburst . While it was the most attention-getting , Wilson 's shout was n't the only demonstration of displeasure made by Republicans during the speech . Rep. Louie Gohmert , R-Texas , wore a sign around his neck that said , "  What bill ? " And when Obama asked Republicans to share their health reform ideas with him , a small group raised up a stack of papers above their heads . After the speech , Republican Sen. John McCain , the Republican presidential candidate defeated by Obama last year , called Wilson 's outburst "  totally disrespectful " and said he should apologize . Appearing on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " he said there was "  no place for it in that setting or any other and he should apologize immediately . " Other Republicans also criticized Wilson , along with the expected Democratic condemnation . "  It was crude and disrespectful , " said Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , a top Senate Democrat . "  I think the person who said it will pay a price . " Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , called on Wilson to go to the floor Thursday and apologize . She said Wilson 's comment and other GOP tactics "  strike me as odd . ... The minority leader has to get control of his conference . " But Jackson Lee described Wilson as "  a likeable guy , seemingly reserved " and said it was "  rather surprising " when saw who shouted the comment . House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn , D-South Carolina , echoed the sentiment . "  I was always taught that the first sign of a good education is good manners . I think that what we saw tonight was really bad manners , " he said . "  And , having a spirited debate is one thing , exercising bad manners is another . That was beyond the pale -- and I would hope that he would publicly apologize on that same floor to the president of the United States for that insult . " Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan and ranking Republican on the Ways & Means Committee , told CNN Radio he was n't happy with the outburst . "  I do n't advise that . ... I think it 's important to listen as respectfully as possible , " he said . Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , also denounced the heckling . "  Certainly , I respect the office of the president , and I think that 's not the kind of thing that is appropriate in that kind of setting especially , " he said . "  I do n't know who said it , but my sense is most people do n't think it was a good idea it occurred . And I happen to be one of those . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN affiliate WIS-TV in Columbia that he , too , was disappointed . "  The president 's combative tone did not justify a member of Congress shouting out , ` You lie , ' " said Graham . "  Our nation 's president deserves to be treated with respect . It was an inappropriate remark , and I am glad an apology has been made . " South Carolina Democratic Party Chair Carol Fowler took it further , saying Wilson disgraced his home state . "  Once again a South Carolina Republican has embarrassed our state , " Fowler 's office said in a statement that referred to S.C. Gov. Mark Sanford 's extramarital affair . "  Never has any member of Congress shown such disrespect for the president during a speech , " Fowler wrote . "  One would think that as a member of the military , Joe Wilson would have more respect and patriotism than he displayed tonight . When Congressman Wilson insulted President Obama , he also insulted the American public . Joe Wilson is a poor example of a statesman and an American . He owes an apology to the president and the American people . " The Democrat hoping to unseat Wilson in next year 's midterm elections also quickly seized on the Republican 's outburst . "  Rep. Wilson 's behavior tonight exemplifies everything that is wrong in Washington , " Democrat Rob Miller said in a statement provided to CNN . "  Instead of engaging in childish name-calling and disrespecting our commander-in-chief , Joe Wilson should be working towards a bipartisan solution that makes quality , affordable health care available to each and every South Carolinian . " iReport.com : Share your take on the speech , Wilson After the speech , Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , tweeted that it was the "  biggest " disappointment of the evening . "  Biggest disappointmnt of evening , the total lack of respect shown by one member for the President , " she wrote . "  Never acceptable to behave like a jerk . " Wilson , who has served five terms , represents the state 's 2nd congressional district , which includes the state capital , Columbia , and stretches to Beaufort and Hilton Head Island .	Rep. Joe Wilson issues apology , calls White House over "  You lie " comment Official : White House told Wilson "  we can disagree without being disagreeable " South Carolina Democratic Party chair says Wilson disgraced state Outburst came when Obama denied health care plan covered illegal immigrants
CNN  -- As fears rise around emergence of a "  two-speed " eurozone , the head of Italian clothing giant Benetton says the region 's southern economies should not be discounted . The eurozone 's debt crisis has exacerbated a split between the strong economies , led by Germany , and those which are struggling , such as Italy . However Alessandro Benetton , deputy executive chairman of the retailer -- which has 6,400 stores across 120 countries -- told CNN : "  Germany needs Europe just as much as Europe needs Germany . " While Benetton acknowledges southern Europe is not producing as much as its northern counterparts , he said they should not be ignored . "  If Germany thinks it can do it by itself without Europe , I think it 's wrong because in a global market the critical mass is important , " he said . Political tensions between Germany and countries such as Italy , and Greece , which triggered the crisis , have intensified as the crisis continues to roll on . But Benetton said countries including his homeland still have a role to play in the eurozone . "  Rather than throwing them out of the boat , I think you should encourage them to behave better , " he said . Benetton is talking from experience -- the former investment banker was brought into the family business when the clothing chain was being challenged by cheaper , fast-fashion brands . The brand also faced down controversy last year with its "  unhate " campaign featuring international leaders kissing each other . The campaign was cut after doctored images of the pope kissing a male Muslim cleric which were labeled by some as offensive . Controversies aside , the company remains a family business with Benetton 's father , Luciano , chairman of the group . And it is this family structure which remains the backbone of Italian business , with 90 % of the country 's economy based on SMEs . Benetton acknowledges there are problems associated with that . "  If the cost of the money is too high for the bank , it will not be accessible to small entrepreneurs and that can be very dangerous , " he said . Benetton said Italy 's major problems are its aging population and high youth unemployment , rather than its ability to repay debt . "  It 's not whether we will be able to pay , a company that grows with a business model that is successful always pays it debts , " he said . "  It is just a matter of time . "	The head of Benetton says Europe 's southern economies should not be discounted Alessandro Benetton says Germany needs Europe just as much as Europe needs Germany He thinks southern countries should be encouraged to behave better
CNN  -- Forget World Cups . For many rugby union players the ultimate accomplishment is being selected to appear for the famed British Lions on their overseas tours . Giant Munster lock Paul O'Connell is leading the 2009 Lions in South Africa . The Lions are comprised of the best players from the four home unions of England , Scotland , Wales and Ireland and competition for places in the squad is fierce as club and country loyalties are put aside . In the modern professional era , Lions tours take place every four years , visiting the southern-hemisphere Tri-Nations powers of New Zealand , South Africa and Australia in rotation . A typical tour will see a series of matches against provincial or regional sides , interspersed with international or Test matches . Midweek fixtures are normally against weaker teams , with the Lions giving all their squad members a chance to play , with stronger opposition for the weekend matches which would include the Tests . The 2009 Lions are touring world champions South Africa , looking to improve on the dismal performance of the 2005 side , which visited New Zealand . Under England 's 2003 World Cup winning coach Clive Woodward , the 2005 squad were expected to prosper , but slipped to defeat in all three Test matches against the All Blacks . The team was captained by Brian O'Driscoll , but his tour ended after just two minutes of the first Test when he was controversially ` spear ' tackled by Tana Umaga and Keven Mealamu and dislocated his shoulder . O'Driscoll , who led Ireland to the Six Nations Grand Slam this year , was expected to captain the Lions to South Africa , but coach Ian McGeechan gave the job to Munster lock Paul O'Connell . McGeechan has already gone into Lions history , playing on the 1974 and 1977 tours , and coaching winning teams to Australia and South Africa in 1989 and 1997 . He also took them to New Zealand in 1993 where the Test series was lost 2-1 . The Lions enjoyed their most successful period in the early 1970s with the 1971 team -- inspired by the Welsh half-back pairing of Gareth Edwards and Barry John -- triumphing against the All Blacks in New Zealand . The 1974 Lions were arguably the best-known and most successful of all time , winning three Tests and drawing one in South Africa and going through the tour unbeaten . Under Irish captain Willie John McBride , their uncompromising forward play set up the victories , with their now infamous catch phrase "  get your retaliation in first " leading to brutal early exchanges in most games . The modern era is a far cry from the first Lions tour back in 1888 which visited Australia and New Zealand with just 21 players from England , Scotland and Wales . They played provincial and local sides without formal Test matches . But it had established a precedent , and the 1891 side was sanctioned by the sport 's ruling body the Rugby Football Union  RFU  and played three Tests against South Africa . The 1924 tour to South Africa was the first trip when the term "  the Lions " became common currency and it has grown from strength to strength since , despite the growing influence of international rugby competitions such as the Tri and Six Nations and the World Cup .	British and Irish Lions are selected from England , Scotland , Wales and Ireland Tours now take place every four years to Australia , South Africa and New Zealand Selection for the British Lions is highly-coveted by leading rugby players
For the first time , the number of active daily visitors checking Facebook on mobile devices is higher than the number of people checking the social network on the Web . Overall , the company says there are 1.06 billion active Facebook users in the world . Of those , 618 million of them are visiting daily and 157 million are doing it from mobile devices . The company 's focus on putting mobile first , with new apps and features , is paying off . Facebook is the largest social network in the world , and it was the most-used mobile app across iOS and Android devices in the United States in 2012 , according to recent comScore numbers . "  In 2012 , we connected over a billion people and became a mobile company , " said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a statement announcing the fourth-quarter results . This is great news for the company , which is figuring out the best way to make money off all those smartphone and tablet users . Its biggest earner is advertising , which makes up 84 % of the company 's revenue . The big story this quarter is mobile ads , which the company said accounted for 23 % of its ad revenue , a huge leap from the third quarter of last year when it was just 14 % . Big companies like Wal-Mart are tapping into Facebook 's audience . The retailer served up 50 million mobile ads in the fourth quarter . Facebook also makes some money off social games like Zynga 's "  FarmVille , " which share revenue with the social network . But the company is hoping to move beyond Zynga 's games to become the default platform for mobile games from all developers . The company is constantly testing new ways to squeeze cash out of users and partners , with a steady stream of features and ads . Recent smaller projects that are still finding their legs include Facebook Gifts , which lets you buy real and virtual goods for friends , and charging a small fee to send messages to strangers . While ads and visits are taking off on mobile devices , the company 's latest big feature is still Web-only . Graph Search , a new advanced search feature that lets you scour your extended network for people based on their likes or profiles , is still in its beta stages and can not be accessed through mobile apps . Currently the search feature does n't make money , but Zuckerberg said it could become a meaningful business "  down the line . "	Facebook announced its latest earnings on Wednesday For the first time there are more mobile active users than people checking Facebook on the Web The company is getting better at making money off of mobile as well , with a boom in mobile ads
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge who oversees Britney Spears ' conservatorship will consider a request to appoint a conservator to oversee Zsa Zsa Gabor 's finances and medical care . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz scheduled a hearing for May 2 for the conservatorship petition filed Tuesday by Francesca Hilton , Gabor 's daughter . The Hungarian-born actress was once one of Hollywood 's most glamorous women , but a broken hip and leg amputation in the past two years have left her confined to a bed . Hilton contends that Gabor 's ninth husband , Prince Frederic von Anhalt , is keeping her "  increasingly isolated " and "  heavily sedated , " and she questions his handling of Gabor 's finances . "  What Ms. Hilton is seeking here is for the court to make sure that Zsa Zsa 's best interests are not being sacrificed for the selfish interests of anyone involved in Zsa Zsa 's life , " said Hilton lawyer Kenneth Kossoff . Von Anhalt , 68 , called a news conference at his home Tuesday to dispute the need for a conservator . "  My wife does n't complain , " he said . "  She says she 's in a good condition , she feels good . " His lawyer , Edward Lee , said he had not yet seen the court filing . "  Anything that 's contesting Frederic 's devotion to his wife or his ability to take care of his wife is ridiculous , " Lee said The petition questions why von Anhalt recently borrowed $ 700,000 on Gabor 's $ 10 million Bel Air mansion , while the house reportedly is in foreclosure after several missed mortgage payments . "  In spite of her conflicts with von Anhalt , Francesca has been hoping he had Zsa Zsa 's interests at heart , " Kossoff said . "  However , having just recently learned that he took out a $ 700,000 loan , and that there was a notice of default recorded against the property in late February 2012 because he apparently has not been paying Zsa Zsa 's mortgage payment , it became clear to Francesca that if she did not seek to protect her mother , no one else would . " Von Anhalt , at his news conference said his step daughter was picking on him "  at the worst time . " "  We are right now going through a very hard time , my wife and me , " he said . "  We have to sell our property in order to pay our debts . My wife has $ 6 million in debts . " He acknowledged taking out the new loan on the property , saying it was needed to pay his wife 's medical bills and to catch up on missed mortgage payments . The mansion , however , is not in foreclosure , he said . "  There was a document filed in court 14 days ago , " he said . "  It was wrongly filed . The bank apologized already . " Hilton and von Anhalt have publicly battled for several years over Gabor 's finances and her access to her mother . "  He 's basically taken my mother away from me , " Hilton told CNN in an interview a year ago . Von Anhalt , in an interview with CNN , said he limits his step-daughter 's access because she brings negativity into the room . "  I want smiling people in here , happy smiling people , " he said . He defended his care of Gabor , saying , "  I 'm going to make sure she has a good life , as long as I live , I will take care of her . " With Tuesday 's filing , Hilton hopes to take that responsibility away from von Anhalt . The family feud intensified after Gabor broke her hip when she fell in July 2011 . "  My mother 's husband has increasingly isolated my mother from others who have been close to her , " Hilton said in the court filing . "  Before she broke her hip , my mother and I spoke several times every day . Since she broke her hip , her husband has removed the telephone that used to be by her bed . " Von Anhalt allows Hilton , Gabor 's only child , to visit her mother only when a lawyer and doctor are present , she said . She became alarmed during her last two visits on November 27 , 2011 , and February 8 , 2012 , "  because my mother seemed heavily sedated , and I had not seen her in that state before , " Hilton said . She also raised concern about "  remnants of some bedsores " and "  lesions on my mother 's face . " Gabor 's right leg was amputated a year ago because of gangrene , leaving her unable to care or dress herself , she said . Hilton 's petition calls for "  competent and independent medical professionals " to advise on her care . "  I am very concerned that her medical needs and treatment are not being managed in her best interest . " "  I also believe that my mother now may suffer from a loss of intellectual and emotional faculties , which may be induced by the medication my mother is being given , " she said . Von Anhalt , 68 , maintains a high media profile , including a run for governor of California in 2010 that he halted after his wife 's hip injury . He is currently an announced candidate for mayor of Los Angeles . He made news several years ago when he claimed to be the father of Anna Nicole Smith 's daughter after the actress 's death . Paternity tests later disproved that claim . Last year , von Anhalt announced that he wanted Gabor to become a mother again using an egg donor , artificial insemination and a surrogate mother . "  That 's just weird , " Hilton said at the time . "  I 'm a retired guy , " von Anhalt said then . "  I can take care of it . " The unusual motherhood plan was never hatched . Von Anhalt is 27 years younger than Gabor , whom he married more than 25 years ago .	NEW : A hearing is set on Francesca Hilton 's conservatorship petition for her mother NEW : Prince Frederic von Anhalt denies Gabor 's Bel Air mansion is in foreclosure NEW : "  Anything that 's contesting Frederic 's devotion to his wife ... is ridiculous , " his lawyer says Petition contends Gabor 's husband keeps her "  increasingly isolated " and "  heavily sedated "
CNN  -- Toyota 's third-generation Prius , due at dealerships this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof . The panel will power a ventilation system that can cool the car without help from the engine , Toyota says . Solar Electric Vehicles in California makes a roof-mounted solar panel for a standard Toyota Prius . But it 's a long way from the 2010 Prius to a solar-powered car , experts told CNN . Most agree that there just is n't enough space on a production car to get full power from solar panels . "  Being able to power a car entirely with solar is a pretty far-reaching goal , " said Tony Markel , a senior engineer at the federal government 's National Renewable Energy Lab in Golden , Colorado . In the new Prius , the solar panel will provide energy for a ventilation fan that will help cool the parked car on sunny , hot days . The driver can start the fan remotely before stepping into the car . Once the car is started , the air conditioning wo n't need as much energy from a battery to do the rest of the cooling . "  The best thing about using solar is that regardless of what you end up using it for , you 're trying to use it to displace gasoline , " added Markel . The question is , how much gasoline can solar power offset ? Markel said his lab has modified a Prius to use electricity from the grid for its main batteries and a solar panel for the auxiliary systems . He believes the car gets an additional 5 miles of electric range from the panel . According to recent articles in Japan 's Nikkei newspaper , Toyota has bigger plans for harnessing power from the sun . Nikkei reports that Toyota hopes to develop a vehicle powered entirely by solar panels . The project will take years , the paper reported . When contacted by CNN , however , a Toyota spokeswoman denied the existence of the project . "  At this time there are no plans that we know of to produce a concept or production version of a solar-powered car , " said Amy K. Taylor , a communications administrator in Toyota 's Environmental , Safety & Quality division . Motorists do n't have to wait for a 2010 Prius to drive a solar-enhanced car , however . Greg Johanson , president of Solar Electric Vehicles in Westlake Village , California , said his company makes a roof-mounted panel for a standard Prius that enables the car to travel up to 15 additional miles a day . The system costs $ 3,500 , and it takes about a week to make one , Johanson said . Billy Bautista , a project coordinator at the company , said Solar Electric Vehicles gets so many requests for the system that there is a backlog of several months . The company 's Web site says motorists can install the panels themselves , although it recommends finding a "  qualified technician . " The system delivers about 165 watts of power per hour to an added battery , which helps powers the electric motor , Johanson said . But others said it would take a lot more power than that to replace an internal combustion engine . Eric Leonhardt , director of the Vehicle Research Institute at Western Washington University , said that even if solar cells worked far better than they do today , they would n't generate enough power for driving substantial distances . The best cells operate at about 33 percent efficiency , but the ones used on vehicles are only about 18 percent efficient , he said . Leonhardt said it would be more practical to use solar power to help charge a car 's battery and use the more efficient panels mounted on a roof or over a parking area to supply the rest of the electricity needed to drive the engine . "  Solar panels really need a lot of area , " he said . Leonhardt thinks Toyota 's new Prius is a good first step toward using renewable energy . Some cars get hotter than 150 degrees inside when parked in the sun , so reducing the temperature could mean Toyota could use a smaller AC unit , he added . Johanson of Solar Electric Vehicles said he 'd like to see Toyota bring the weight of a Prius down from 3,000 pounds to 2,000 . He also hopes for a small gasoline engine and a larger electric motor . That will probably come in the future , when Toyota unveils a plug-in engine . In the meantime , Solar Electric Vehicles sells its version of a plug-in Prius , with a solar panel installed , for $ 25,000 , Bautista said . Toyota is the largest automaker to incorporate solar power into a mass-produced car . But its solar panel is not the first for a car company . Audi uses one on its upscale A8 model , and Mazda tried one on its 929 in the 1990s . In addition , a French motor company , Venturi , has produced an electric-solar hybrid . The Eclectic model costs $ 30,000 , looks like a souped-up golf cart and uses roof-mounted solar panels to help power an electric engine . It has a range of about 30 miles and has a top speed of about 30 mph . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	The 2010 Toyota Prius , due this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof The panel will power a cooling system without help from the engine One company also makes a roof-mounted solar panel for current Prius models But it 's a long way from the new Prius to a solar-powered car , experts say
Cairo  CNN  -- Cairo braced for a third day of protests despite stifling heat Monday , as Egyptians vent anger over the trials of former top officials accused of ordering demonstrators killed during last year 's revolution . Former President Hosni Mubarak and his Interior Minister Habib El Adly were sentenced to life in prison , while six top interior ministry officials were cleared of the charges . Protesters flooded into Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the symbolic heart of Egypt 's revolution , in the wake of the verdict , outraged at the clearing of the ministry officials and angry that Mubarak escaped the death penalty . The protesters chanted "  Down with SCAF , " the military council that has ruled the country since Mubarak was toppled last year , and shouted that the court ruling was illegitimate . There were smaller protests on Sunday , and vows to continue demonstrations on Monday . Protesters rally after Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak is sentenced to life in prison Mubarak and his two sons , Gamal and Alaa Mubarak , were cleared of corruption charges on Saturday , but the sons now face two other sets of charges . On Sunday , prosecutors announced the two are charged with money laundering . Last week , they were charged with insider trading , accused of making a profit of 2 billion Egyptian pounds -- about $ 331 million -- through the practice on the Egyptian stock market . Hosni Mubarak has previously accused authorities of tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . He has said he and his children did not violate any laws . Five of Mubarak 's aides have been freed ; Gamal and Alaa Mubarak remain in prison . Adel Saeed , spokesman for the general prosecutor 's office , said last week the two sons would remain in prison for the insider trading case . It was not immediately clear what impact the new charges of money laundering , would have on how long the two remain behind bars . Many Egyptians taking part in Sunday 's protests expressed anger that former strongman Mubarak , 84 , had escaped the death penalty . A cartoon published after the verdict showed Mubarak 's scowling head in prison while his body , hands dripping with blood and labeled "  Mubarak 's regime , " walked away waving a sheet of paper saying "  innocent . " The Muslim Brotherhood called for more protests on Sunday . Mubarak was immediately transferred to a prison in southern Cairo to serve his sentence , and a prosecutor said the former president , who attended court on a gurney , would be moved to the prison hospital . The former president 's lawyer , Fareed El Deeb , said there were many holes in the judge 's decision and that he was already preparing to appeal the Mubarak verdict . Protesters in the square waved Egyptian flags as they demanded justice for those killed and injured during last year 's demonstrations . At least 61 people were injured Saturday in protests throughout Egypt , following the verdict , state TV reported . iReport : Egyptians protest current regime About 840 people died and more than 6,000 others were injured in last year 's 18-day uprising , according to Amnesty International . "  I 'm asking the help of the people who gather in Tahrir Square to get justice for my son , " pleaded one woman on the street in Cairo . "  I need justice for my son . My son did not commit any crime . How come the sons of Mubarak are set free ? " The Cairo courtroom erupted in chaos Saturday after the judge announced his decisions . It appeared the entire gallery of men dressed in suits began shouting and stood on their chairs . Fists flew and at least one man suffered a bleeding gash to his chin . "  We want honesty ! " they shouted . "  Revolution till victory ! " A strongman 's fall from grace The echoing cheers outside the police academy where the trial was held turned to angry shouts as people first heard Mubarak 's sentence , then heard that all of Mubarak 's senior advisers and his two sons were acquitted . The mostly anti-Mubarak crowd threw rocks at police , smashed cars and cursed the ruling military council . The sentence delivered by Judge Ahmed Refaat was the final chapter of Mubarak 's iron rule of Egypt that ended in February 2011 . He said it offered people relief after living "  in 30 years of dark without any hope . " "  The verdicts are insults to the Egyptian people and the judicial system . It 's a festival of innocent verdicts to El Adly 's aides who killed and tortured free citizens for years , " said Rami Shath , a member of the Egyptian Revolution Alliance . Human Rights Watch said the verdict sends a message to Egypt 's future leaders that they are not above the law , though it said the acquittals give "  a green light to future police abuse . " Amnesty International described the verdict as "  a significant step towards combating long-standing impunity in Egypt " but it too said the ruling leaves many waiting for full justice . Arab leaders : Where are they now ? David Scheffer , an American lawyer and diplomat who served as the first U.S. ambassador-at-large for war crimes issues , said the trial was significant for the Arab world even if it could have been run better . "  While I want to emphasize the problems with the trial itself , it 's also important to recognize that the Egyptian judicial system has held a leader accountable for very serious crimes that occurred during the uprising in Egypt , " Scheffer told CNN . "  In the very heart of the Arab world , where this has not occurred before in a civilian court , a leader has actually been brought to justice , a leader who has been present in the courtroom has brought to some level of justice by a domestic court for gross human rights abuses . " Timeline of Mubarak 's ascent and fall from power The White House had no comment on Mubarak 's sentence . The trial has been a spectacle few Egyptians thought they would see , with Mubarak on the gurney and locked in a defendant 's cage . The verdict follows Friday 's expiration of a notorious emergency law that had been in effect since shortly after Mubarak came to power in October 1981 and gave police sweeping powers . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Demonstrators vow to continue protests despite stifling heat in Cairo Prosecutors charge Mubarak 's sons with money laundering Five of Mubarak 's aides have been freed ; his sons remain in prison Hundreds of people gather in Tahrir Square after Mubarak escapes the death penalty
CNN  -- Brazil have moved to the top of South American qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals after thrashing Uruguay 4-0 in Montevideo , their first victory in the country for 33 years . Brazil players celebrate Juan 's second goal in their 4-0 thrashing of Uruguay . Barcelona full-back Daniel Alves gave them an 11th-minute lead with a speculative long-range effort that goalkeeper Sebastian Viera allowed to bounce over him and into the net . Roma defender Juan headed home the second goal 10 minutes before the interval and Sevilla 's Luis Fabiano added a third early in the second half , although he was later sent off . In-demand AC Milan playmaker Kaka completed the victory from the penalty spot after he had been fouled in the area . The win sees Brazil move onto 24 points , level with former leaders Paraguay who relinquished top spot after a shock 2-0 home defeat at the hands of Chile . Goals from Matias Fernandez in the 12th minute and Humberto Suazo in the 50th gave Chile a crucial win , lifting them up to third place -- just a single point off the top two . Argentina complete the top four , another point behind on 22 points , after a 56th-minute Daniel Diaz goal gave them a 1-0 home victory over Colombia in Buenos Aires . With only the leading four teams guaranteed a place in South Africa next year , fifth-placed Uruguay now appear to have a mountain to climb , as they trail Argentina by five points with just five matches remaining . The fifth-placed team will have North America 's fourth-placed side in a play-off for the remaining World Cup qualification place .	Brazil beat Uruguay 4-0 in Montevideo to top South American qualifying group Previous leaders Paraguay lost 2-0 at home to Chile and are down to second Argentina complete the top four in the table after a 1-0 success over Colombia
CNN Student News  -- September 9 , 2014 Featured today on CNN Student News : a potential rift among rival groups of Palestinians , the indefinite suspension of an NFL running back , and the revised search for a missing plane in the Indian Ocean . We 'll also consider some unknowns when it comes to cell phones and health . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
RollingStone.com  -- By now , Miranda Lambert is certainly accustomed to being the belle of the country ball , but she tries not to show it . The country queen took home three trophies at Sunday 's Academy of Country Music Awards , including a record fifth straight win as Female Vocalist of the Year . "  I can not believe this ; I really did n't expect it , " said the denim-clad singer upon besting Sheryl Crow , Kacey Musgraves , Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood for the Female Vocalist honor . "  I was just hanging out with Trisha Yearwood back there -- holy crap ! And I was standing next to Sheryl Crow , a complete and utter rock star . Kacey Musgraves , she wrote the Single of the Year . Carrie Underwood 's my buddy ; she 's a phenomenon . " RS : Taylor Swift in Wonderland That Musgraves-penned , Lambert-delivered Single of the Year is the musical spitfire , "  Mama 's Broken Heart . " Keith Urban shares the country singer 's third win of the evening , Vocal Event of the Year , for their duet , "  We Were Us . " He also shares bragging rights as the night 's top winner , as he collects two trophies for "  We Were Us , " as artist and producer of the song , along with Video of the Year for "  Highway Do n't Care , " his catchy collaboration with Tim McGraw and Taylor Swift . While Urban and Lambert led in numbers , it was George Strait who took home the night 's top trophy , Entertainer of the Year . This follows the King of Country 's victory in the same category at the CMAs last November -- both sweet sentimental wins in that the 61-year-old music icon is retiring from touring after his current Cowboy Rides Away trek . RS : Miranda Lambert 's best revenge songs "  I 've always said I have the best fans in the world , and I heard this was a fan-voted thing , so I rest my case , " quipped the legendary singer from the ACM 's Las Vegas stage . The only other fan-voted award of the night was perhaps the night 's only controversial moment . The 2014 ACM New Artist of the Year is Justin Moore , a singer who first hit the country airwaves in 2008 . With three albums now under his belt , including two gold-sellers , the Arkansas native actually does not qualify for the New Artist title under the ACM 's rules that "  any solo artist that has sold 500,000 copies of a previously released album ... -LSB- is -RSB- not eligible for this category . " The Academy explained that , in some cases , there are exceptions to the rule . A grateful Moore , who stands about 5 ' 6 " , made light of the situation in his acceptance speech , joking , "  I was beginning to think there might be a height requirement for this award . " George Strait to record five new albums Jason Aldean stands tall with his second win in a row for Male Vocalist of the Year , while Vocal Group of the Year went to first-time winners , The Band Perry . Predictable victories included Florida Georgia Line for Vocal Duo of the Year and critic darling Kacey Musgraves for Album of the Year . Jessi Alexander , Connie Harrington and Jimmy Yeary -- the songwriters behind Lee Brice 's "  I Drive Your Truck " -- took home Song of the Year honors . To mark the ACM 's 50th anniversary , the awards show will next year broadcast live from AT&T Stadium , home to the Dallas Cowboys . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Miranda Lambert won Female Vocalist of the Year for the fifth year in a row Keith Urban was also a big winner thanks to their duet , "  We Were Us " George Strait was awarded the night 's top trophy , Entertainer of the Year
CNN  -- Last week , my op-ed in favor of cannabis legalization ran on CNN.com . This week marks three years since I first wrote that marijuana should be legal . I 'm amazed at how the debate has changed in just a few years . I was inundated with messages from readers , and was humbled by some of them . Here 's one from a Southern Baptist church pastor : "  I have seen firsthand the heartache caused by America 's prohibition against marijuana . I have visited young men in prison , who I knew in my heart should not be there ... It is time for us to speak out and tell the truth about marijuana ... "  But so many are afraid to speak out because they fear being labeled ` pro-drugs ' ... I pray daily that God will end this dreadful ` war . ' " The overwhelmingly positive comments posted on CNN.com , especially from those who do n't use marijuana , show that more mainstream Americans are willing to voice their pro-legalization opinions . Informed adults are challenging old dogmas , and they worry less about the folly of "  Reefer Madness " than refined sugar 's role in shortening their children 's lives . Given the thousands of thoughtful comments in the past week , I 'd like to address several of the most important themes readers have discussed : Damon00 writes : "  A couple of years ago , comments for articles like this were much more negative . People are learning . " Agreed . I believe that the coming of the information age has played a major role in the widely recognized shift in public opinion on legalization . Today 's readers are increasingly able to judge facts for themselves by consulting readily available and well-referenced scientific sources . Vertical1 is in favor of "  decriminalizing -LSB- pot -RSB- and taxing it . " There is often confusion between the terms decriminalization and legalization , though the distinction is critical . Full legalization would empower federal , state and local governments to regulate and tax the cannabis trade . Regulation facilitates control and safety , and government debt can be reduced with taxes raised from marijuana sales . But if we merely decriminalize marijuana , then it continues to be at least nominally illegal . Possession could get you the equivalent of a parking ticket , and those involved in the drug trade might still receive more severe punishment . Not only would this burden law enforcement , but the cannabis economy would remain unregulated and untaxed . Opinion : Marijuana use is too risky a choice Anon Ymous , who declares himself to be "  pro-legalization , but anti-use , " writes : "  My life experiences growing up taught me that my friends who smoked pot in grade school , high school and/or college suffered for it . " Make no mistake : marijuana is bad for kids , although pot 's potential harm to children is rather more subtle than that of alcohol , which can cause life-threatening physical addiction or fatal poisoning . Studies suggest that repeated marijuana use in adolescents can cause cognitive impairment and chronically low motivation , setting teens on a path of underachievement . But if cannabis is legalized , the tax revenues it brings in can be used to fund better drug education in schools . We must start teaching our children early , highlighting the nuanced but significant risks to underage users and avoiding the typical hyperbole that teens know they can safely ignore . Even with the legalization of marijuana , anyone over 21 should be prosecuted for providing cannabis to anyone under 21 . And remember : Drug dealers do n't check IDs , but liquor store cashiers do . Given that drug dealers are n't going away , who would you rather have as the retailer of marijuana ? DedTV , who is also explicitly pro-legalization , asserts : "  Pot CAN cause hallucinations . " When it comes to marijuana 's role in psychiatric disorders , the medical literature and my clinical experience are ambiguous . There 's a kind of chicken and egg problem with scientific studies , and they often contradict one another . Cannabis use does correlate with mental illness , but so does poor hygiene . Some users experience transient , mild paranoia when ingesting pot , which generally leads them to simply stop using it . Many of my patients with anxiety and depression have found that frequent use of cannabis makes their condition worse . A few report that it helps them , at least subjectively . Regardless , alcohol is a much stronger depressant than pot . As for thought disorders like schizophrenia , evidence suggests that a very large dose of pot can make a healthy person briefly lose touch with reality , and even modest doses may trigger a more serious psychotic episode in some people who are already ill or likely to become ill . While infrequent among pot users , this is of little consolation if you are the unlucky person for whom cannabis is a match to the fuel of underlying mental illness . On the other hand , it hardly warrants universal pot prohibition any more than the existence of peanut allergies would justify a ban on legumes . Postmasteratfingers asks : "  Is there any evidence regarding the effect on driving while stoned from pot ? " Studies have shown that moderate to severe intoxication with marijuana does indeed increase a driver 's accident risk . But look deeper and you 'll find that this risk is similar to that of drivers with a blood alcohol level of 0.05 % , which happens to be well below the federally mandated legal limit of 0.08 % . So once again , pot may not be good , but alcohol is worse . Stephen Lang requests : "  Please do n't call it ` weed . ' It has lots of uses . " Baby boomers call it "  pot , " and their kids call it "  weed . " The most common and controversial term is derived from the Spanish vernacular "  marihuana . " Until the 1930s , English speakers preferred the scientifically accurate name "  cannabis . " But those Americans who sought to ban the drug in the 1930s favored the previously little known and foreign-sounding term "  marijuana , " which might and apparently did stir racial passions among whites . Cohara1103 asserts : "  The main reason it should be legal is ... as a 38-year - old white man in a white collar job I will never be stopped , questioned or arrested for marijuana possession EVER ! " After 75 years , have n't our laws against marijuana shed their racist past ? Apparently not . Although African-Americans are 25 % more likely to use marijuana than white Americans , they are 300 % more likely to be arrested for it . A criminal record greatly limits one 's opportunities for success in life . The racial divide widens , and racial tensions grow . This , dear readers , is the enduring legacy of pot prohibition . And finally , Roland Gyallay-Pap comments that "  cannabis -LSB- is -RSB- the correct term for marijuana . " I 'm afraid we may be stuck with the contentious word "  marijuana , " but it provides a useful reminder of one way in which American society was long ago manipulated into the prohibition of a plant that caused a mild euphoria in most people who tried it and a severe paranoia in many who did n't . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Nathan .	David Nathan wrote op-ed from doctor 's point of view , urging pot be legal for adults Nathan : Positive response was overwhelming , attitudes to pot are changing fast Nathan says pot might be bad for people with emotional problems and for children He says legal pot would bring in tax money , reduce cost and damage of jailing users
CNN  -- The rapper Common wants to take hip-hop in a new direction , he says , and he has an unsuspecting ally -- President-elect Barack Obama . Common says he was looking for a new sound on his eighth album , "  Universal Mind Control . " Obama "  is going to change hip-hop for the better , " predicted the rapper , whose eighth album , "  Universal Mind Control "  G.O.O.D. Music/Geffen  , hits shelves Tuesday . "  I really do believe we as hip-hop artists pick up what 's going on in the world and try to reflect that , " he told CNN , outlining his belief that mainstream as well as so-called "  conscious " rappers -- the more socially aware -- will pick up on what he sees as the more optimistic prospects of an Obama presidency . "  I think hip-hop artists will have no choice but to talk about different things and more positive things , and try to bring a brighter side to that because , even before Barack , I think people had been tired of hearing the same thing , " he said . Likewise , "  Universal Mind Control , " with its hook-heavy , synthed-out tracks , represents a "  broadening " of hip-hop 's audience -- one that demands evolution rather than hackneyed revamps of old beats , rhythms and rhymes , Common said . Listen to clips from the album and Common 's interview with CNN.com " Not that Common , born Lonnie Rashid Lynn Jr. , is altogether removed from the temptations of his hip-hop brethren . He serves as a spokesman for Lincoln Navigator and purports on his new album to "  rebel in YSL , " a reference to designer Yves Saint Laurent . Money is also a weakness , as Common -- No. 14 on Forbes magazine 's 2008 list of richest rappers -- regularly invokes the greenbacks he makes and spends . iReport.com : Talk Grammy Awards and more showbiz with Todd Still , Common has come at hip-hop from a different angle from many of his colleagues . He was generally considered "  underground " until he linked up with Kanye West , who produced his albums "  Be "  2005  and "  Finding Forever "  2007  . Even now , while paying homage at mainstream hip-hop 's altar , the Chicago-born lyricist also enters parishes where most rappers would n't be seen . He 's helped front movements for HIV/AIDS awareness and vegetarianism , and he 's written two children 's books emphasizing the importance of self-esteem . Lyrically , violence has never been his thing ; soft-drug use has been mentioned but rarely glamorized ; he removed homophobic references from his lyrics years ago ; and while there have been hints of misogyny and the occasional N-word in his verses , neither has been a staple of his rhymes . "  I 've always been conscious , honestly , " he said . "  I made a choice on this album , ` Universal Mind Control , ' to really make some music that was bright , that would be a little more lighthearted , just because of what was going on in the world . " Read more from the interview With a few exceptions , his latest lyrics are consummate Common . In his beat poet 's cadence , the 36-year-old rhymesmith aggressively courts the ladies , personifies hip-hop , aggrandizes himself and his hometown  lovingly , "  the Chi "  , and respectfully doles out props to hip-hop 's forefathers -- most notably to Afrika Bambaataa on the album 's title track . Hear the title track " The album 's sound , however , is atypical , moving -- sometimes jerkily -- from club-banger to anthem to ballad to Top 40 . The latter even runs counter to the opening verse of "  Everywhere " : "  No pop , no pop , no pop , no pop/We gon na do this thing till the sky just drop . " But the sound is part of "  a whole new sound and a new movement " in hip-hop , something he explored out of disdain for repetition and predictability , he said . That might explain Kanye West 's relative absence on "  Universal Mind Control . " The Louis Vuitton don appears on only one track , the pop-drenched "  Punch Drunk Love . " But West has long been credited , even by Common , with bringing his fellow Chicagoan to the mainstream after "  Be " and "  Finding Forever " went gold and leapt up the Billboard 200 . Of course , it 's not all Kanye , said Common . "  I 'm a true believer that it all boils down to the music , because Kanye can endorse something , and if people do n't like it they ai n't gon na get with it -- regardless of whoever endorses it , " he said . He compared his working relationship with West to the collaboration he enjoyed with The Neptunes ' Pharrell Williams on "  Universal Mind Control . " Williams , whom Common casually likened to Quincy Jones , pushed him lyrically , much like West did , he said . Between Williams and Mr. DJ -- who composed backbeats for some of OutKast 's biggest hits -- Common arrived at the evolution he sought , he added . Common also is plotting a change , or at least a detour , in his career path . Though his past cinematic endeavors have been primarily gangster flicks , Common has landed a role in the upcoming "  Terminator Salvation " and could play Green Lantern in "  Justice League : Mortal " should the derailed movie get back on track . "  I would truly love to go increasingly in the acting direction , " he said . "  My goal is to be a movie star . I want to be at Will Smith 's level . I want to be co-leading with Leonardo DiCaprio . " Fear not , Common fans . The aspiring thespian is confident he can pull off both , though hip-hop might ride sidecar to the silver screen . Acting , he said , seems to improve his music . "  I do n't take as much time overthinking it . Actually , since ` Be ' I 've been working on films and each album has been expanding and increasing , so I feel like I would still make music , but it would n't be the main gig , " he said . Selling albums , Common said , is about more than good music , and though he stands proudly by the music he made pre-West , he concedes he did n't do enough to claw his way up from the underground . "  After you make good , quality music , then it 's your job to go out there and promote it and to market it and to get it out there to the people . I feel like I was n't doing that early on , " he said . "  Now I am , and I feel like I 'm growing as a songwriter and working with producers that are very incredible , so I feel all that is contributing to me getting the recognition that I 'm getting . "	Barack Obama should inspire a "  more positive " message in hip-hop , Common says Common sat down with CNN to discuss "  Universal Mind Control , " his movie career Producers Pharrell Williams , Kanye West pushed Common lyrically , he says Common concedes he did n't do enough to promote his music in his early years
CNN  -- Retired tennis star Pete Sampras has revealed that most of the trophies and memorabilia collected during his 15-year career have been stolen . Speaking to the Los Angeles Times the former World No. 1 said the trophies were stolen from a public storage rental unit . The missing items include two Davis Cup trophies , an Olympic ring and his first Australian Open title which he won in 1994 . He said his other 13 grand slam trophies are safe , but none of the stolen items were insured . The seven-time Wimbledon champion told the Los Angeles Times that the items were placed in storage after he had moved homes twice . Sampras , who retired in 2003 , is publicizing the theft which took place three weeks ago in the hope that someone might provide a new lead .	Former World No. 1 's trophies have been stolen from a storage facility in Los Angeles First Australian Open and two Davis Cup trophies taken three weeks ago Sampras spoke to Los Angeles Times in hope that it might provide new lead
My first foray into deep water brings me face to face with some of the islands ' most ebullient locals . As shoals of slim surgeonfish , parrotfish and clownfish wind between the gray rocks and drift in the current , they suddenly appear -- six Galapagos sea lions -- fat sleek bullets that zoom right up to my mask , upside down and mouths open , before twisting away at the last minute . Clambering back into the Zodiac dinghy -- or panga , as they 're known in the Galapagos -- for the short return trip to the National Geographic Endeavour , one fellow "  explorer " quizzes our accompanying naturalist . "  Oh , they wo n't bite you , " he reassures us . Less reassuringly , he adds : "  Maybe . But just a little . " All the animals throughout the Galapagos National Park , more than 3,000 square miles of islands and islets 600 miles off Ecuador 's mainland , are unperturbed by our presence . As there are no big predators -- or people -- on most of the islands the animals show no fear . And because many species are endemic to the Galapagos or even one of its 13 main islands , there 's literally nowhere else in the world that you can have this kind of encounter . Sailing for science I 'm aboard the conservation-focused , naturalist-led Lindblad Expeditions-National Geographic Endeavour , a ship that lets passengers connect with life both above and below the waves through kayak and Zodiac excursions . Unbelievably , the uninhabited islands are much as Charles Darwin experienced them in 1885 . Floreana , the second island on which Darwin landed , still has a "  post office " that dates back to whaling days when crews would leave mail in a rum barrel . People still leave postcards here to be hand delivered by future visitors  those I addressed to the UK arrived within two weeks via hands unknown  . "  It 's a land left untamed ... One of the last parts of the world that 's really wild , " says fellow passenger Jim Calaway , an investments portfolio manager from Illinois . Daily recaps and talks by eminent scientists give cruises their characteristic research-meets-education feel . Voyages also have a strong photography slant , with most on-board naturalists certified as photo instructors by National Geographic . On Espanola , we boulder-hop along rough trails to reach an albatross nesting site , often stepping over groups of inky charcoal black marine iguanas . Genovesa 's rough , lunar landscape seems inhospitable but teems with seabirds , including half a million red footed boobies -- the largest population in the world . Walking through prickly pear trees along a sandy path to Santa Cruz 's aptly named "  Cerro Dragon , "  Dragon Hill  we spot 28 dusty-yellow-brown Galapagos land iguanas . During that afternoon 's ride to the eastern shore of Santa Cruz , dubbed "  El Eden " for its scenic beauty , naturalist Giancarlo Toti doles out photo tips in time for us to snap a great blue heron feeding its gulping chick . "  I love these cruises because there 's always one special thing for everybody , " says Toti . "  This for me was the most special thing this time -- the heron feeding its chick . I have never seen that before . " Exploration highlights Exploring the Galapagos Marine Reserve -- the second largest in the world at more than 50 square miles -- is as integral to the expedition experience as the guided hikes across the islands . On one of the daily snorkel expeditions I spot octopi , manta rays and a solitary Galapagos penguin , puffed up as if to officiate , on various excursions . Although the Endeavour -- named for Captain Cook 's former command -- does n't offer scuba diving , single-day excursions can be arranged with a local operator ; it 's also the only ship cruising the park with an underwater specialist and a remotely operated vehicle on board . While tourism to the region has tripled in the last 20 years -- just over 200,000 people visited the Galapagos last year -- visitors cruising the islands with responsible operators are helping to correct the damage caused by over hunting and species introduced by sailors , whalers and pirates . Sixty percent of each visitor 's $ 100 entrance fee goes directly to the Galapagos National Park Service , funding rangers , naturalists and conservation work . Expedition leader Paula Tagle says only 84 ships have been allowed in the national park since she began working there in 1997 , of which only four are similar in size to the 96-passenger Endeavour . There are strictly enforced park rules -- all visitors must be accompanied by a naturalist and vice versa , with no more than 16 people at any one time -- GNPS also schedules itineraries and landings for every ship to reduce pressure on the islands . The downside of such regimentation is there 's no lingering . The upshot is never seeing another ship or any other "  explorers . " With an ever-growing influx of tourist dollars comes more domestic migration to the Galapagos . Tagle says poorly controlled growth in the inhabited areas and other types of non-cruise tourism are what need attention , rather than the national park area . "  I think 55 % of visitors now do the -LSB- island hopping -RSB- kind of tourism versus 45 % that come to the ships to spend the night , like -LSB- on the Endeavour -RSB- . "  But even more are going to the towns that have grown in a disorganized way , " she adds . Tortoise breeding Hearing the story of Lonesome George , the last known of the Pinta Island tortoises and the symbol of the Galapagos  he died at the Charles Darwin Research Station on Santa Cruz in 2012  brings home the importance of the conservation controls . Although George 's caretakers are still watching his two female companions in the hope that they might yet lay eggs -- female tortoises can store viable sperm in their bodies for up to three years before fertilizing themselves -- the species is now believed to be extinct . But many initiatives at the Darwin facility have been a success , including a project to revive Espanola 's dwindling tortoise population using "  Super " Diego , an especially virile Espanola tortoise returned to the Galapagos from San Diego Zoo . "  Eighty percent of the center 's hatchlings -- so anywhere from 70 to 150 hatchlings a year -- come from Diego and his five girlfriends , " naturalist Gilda Gonzalez tells me , with a wink . Santa Cruz is also a great place to see giant tortoises in their natural habitat . After a quick stop at a local sugar cane mill -- and a warming tot of the local moonshine -- we arrive at a highland farm , pull on rubber boots and stride off into orchards full of wild tortoises , flattening bushes and bulldozing saplings as they move from one juicy cluster of leaves to the next . Keen eyesight and hearing is not their strong suit -- smell is a giant tortoise 's best sense -- so we approach from behind to pose for surreptitious photos as they continue their methodic chomping . It 's only when we pass a tortoise close to the path that he notices us and retreats into his shell with a long , deflationary hiss . "  Today we are very lucky to see 11 tortoises -- sometimes there are n't any up here , " says naturalist Ximena Cordova . "  It takes them three months to come up to the highlands to mate and three months to go back to the lowlands to give birth . These guys are smart -- they 're waiting up here for the females to come back . " For me , seeing these huge hulking carapaces thriving once again in their natural habitat , is one of the most memorable encounters of the trip . "  Conservation is a big theme and every day we talk about results here , results there ... I think it gives hope to people to restore other places , " says expedition leader Tagle . "  We have a saying -- if you can make it here , you can make it anywhere . " Lindblad Expeditions-National Geographic operates 10-day expeditions  a seven-day cruise + transfers  aboard National Geographic Endeavour and National Geographic Islander departing San Cristobal and Baltra , year-round . Cruises are priced from $ 5,490 per person based on double occupancy , exclusive of international flights and internal flights to Galapagos ; +1 212 261 9000 .	Blue-footed boobies , Galapagos penguins and marine iguanas are some of the species only found in the Galapagos The Galapagos National Park is over 3,000 square miles of islands and islets located 600 miles off Ecuador 's mainland GNPS designs the itinerary and scheduled landings for every ship to reduce pressure on the islands
Houston  CNN  -- Alexander Reyes ' boyhood dream of a military career ended when he was hit by an improvised explosive device during a patrol a few years ago in Baghdad . "  Laying in that hospital bed ... sometimes I felt I 'd rather  have  died , " Reyes said . "  My life came to a complete halt . " Reyes sustained severe blast injuries that led to his medical discharge and put him on medical disability . Like many soldiers wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan , he found the transition to civilian life difficult . But he and a handful of other injured veterans have gotten help from what may seem an unlikely source : a custom homebuilder in Houston , Texas . Dan Wallrath presented Reyes and his wife with an unexpected gift : a home built especially for them , mortgage-free . "  Thank you . That 's all I can say , " Elizabeth Reyes said , sobbing and clutching her stunned husband 's arm when Wallrath surprised them with the house . For Wallrath , a 2010 CNN Hero , giving wounded veterans a place to call home is his way of saying thanks . Since 2005 , his organization has built 44 houses through a national campaign called Operation Finally Home . Wallrath spent 30 years making upscale clients ' dream houses a reality . But he found a new mission in 2005 when he met with Steve Schulz about a very different type of project . Schulz 's 20-year old son , a U.S. Marine , had been seriously injured in Iraq . Schulz desperately needed to remodel his house to accommodate his son 's wheelchair . "  I had no idea how I was going to pay for it , " Schulz said . "  I just knew that I had to get it done . " As a favor to a friend , Wallrath went to advise Schulz on remodeling his house . It was a meeting that changed Wallrath 's life . He remembers Schulz showing him photos of his son Steven . "  He was a big , strapping Marine , " Wallrath said . But the pictures he saw of Steven taken after his injury told a different story . "  He was ... half his size . It was so sad , " he said . "  It dawned on me that people are facing this all over the U.S. " Wallrath mobilized an army of carpenters , plumbers and suppliers who took on the remodeling job for free . They widened doorways , built a ramp to the back door and made the bathroom more accessible . "  Anything that needed to be done , Dan said , ` We 'll take care of it , ' " Schulz recalled . "  It was just a huge , huge relief . " When the work on Schulz 's home was complete , Wallrath realized he was just getting started . "  It really broke my heart to think  about  these young men and women , " he said . He decided the best way he could help wounded veterans was by doing what he knew best : building them homes . "  It was like someone hit me upside the head with a 2x4 . ... I just felt like this is what God wants me to do . " Wallrath took his idea to his local trade group , the Bay Area Builders Association , and convinced members to start a homebuilding program for wounded veterans . With donations from suppliers and contractors , Wallrath said , the group can build a $ 250,000 house for about $ 75,000 . Each house is customized -- and often fully furnished -- to meet the needs of each family , and they are mortgage-free . The group also covers taxes and insurance for one year . Wounded veterans or their spouses often have to find a new career or go back to school , making it hard to make ends meet , Wallrath said . "  If you can alleviate a financial burden off these young kids where they can concentrate on rebuilding their lives , you can really make a difference , " he said . Lt. Erasmo Valles is one such story . As a Marine , he was injured by an IED in Iraq in 2004 and ultimately had one of his legs amputated . Returning to civilian life was hard , and his family rapidly burned through its savings . "  We 'd saved money for rainy days , but ... it was raining , " Valles said . Receiving a home from Wallrath in November 2008 turned their fortunes around . Valles started studying for his doctorate in public safety ; his wife earned her master 's degree and became a special education teacher . "  It saved us , " he said . "  We 're moving on and moving forward . ... For someone to think about me and my family ... to build a home -- wow . That 's a hero . " Wallrath is determined to help as many families as he can . His group has enlisted builders and builders ' associations in 17 states to join his crusade . The group has 42 homes under construction , with the goal of building 50-60 more next year . Considering the industry was hard-hit by the recession , Wallrath says he 's been heartened by the response . Now retired , Wallrath dedicates most of his time to this effort without pay . He says it 's the least he can do to repay some of the more than 50,000 troops who 've been wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  These kids ... they 're doing it for me and you , " he said . "  So we 're the ones that need to step up and do something . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Operation Finally Home website and see how to help .	Dan Wallrath 's organization builds free homes for wounded war veterans Wallrath , a 2010 CNN Hero , started it after meeting the father of a wounded Marine Wallrath 's team remodeled the Marine 's house to make it more accessible A special documentary , "  Operation Finally Home , " airs December 8 and 15 on CNN
RollingStone.com  -- Travis Barker has a full agenda for 2011 , beginning with his debut solo album  out on March 15  and a tour with Lil Wayne , plus plans to finish the long-delayed Blink-182 reunion album for release later this year . But it has n't come easy for the drummer , who was barely two songs into the making of his new "  Give the Drummer Some " album when he was seriously injured in a 2008 small plane crash . Barker and his friend DJ AM were the only survivors . "  Honestly , I never thought the album would be finished , " Barker tells Rolling Stone . "  For a while after my accident , I was just recovering . No one really thought I would be able to play drums after all the surgeries and everything . That was always on my mind . Once I was in the studio , it was like , ' I can walk now , I can play the drums still . I have to finish this . ' " Random Notes : Hottest Rock Pics His recovery from the crash took longer and was more painful than was publicly known at the time . Barker went through 16 surgeries and nearly had a foot amputated . For a time , his left hand was completely numb . "  It was sketchy , so I came a long way . And mentally I was a basket case , " he says . "  It was a big amount of time to get off of 20 medications that they had me on , and then physically getting in shape . It was heavy . " Barker was on tour in 2009 with the reunited Blink-182 when the call came that DJ AM had overdosed in New York . "  It was hard for me to even get in the bus and be moving around . Me and AM would always speak . We were a support system for each other for a year after the crash . " Hottest Live Photos of the Week After the Blink-182 tour , Barker spent much of the last year completing tracks for "  Give the Drummer Some , " with cameos by the likes of Ludacris , Lil Wayne , Snoop Dogg , Slash and Kid Cudi . The sound is n't punk . Instead , it 's brooding hip-hop propelled by real drumbeats . Slash unfurls a fiery Santana impression on the Latin-flavored "  Saturday Night , " while Tom Morello rages on guitar through a storm of scratching and thundering beats on "  Carry It , " with vocals from RZA and Raekwon . "  When I look at music everything is blurred , and I like it that way , " Barker says of his genre mixing . "  I grew up like that , hanging out with different types of people who listened to so many different types of music . I never wanted to be part of any one clique . I loved it all . " Blink-182 began work on a new album in late 2009 , but for most of the last year the band had other things to do . "  It seems like forever , " Barker says with a laugh . The band is now scheduled to deliver the album in June . "  This year has been the most active Blink year . We 're locking ourselves in a studio . I was in there last night . " Barker will be on the road in March and April with Wayne and Rick Ross for the "  I Am Still Music Tour . "  Mixmaster Mike of the Beastie Boys and a rotating lineup of guest vocalists will join them .  He 'll then produce three songs with an unsigned artist for the "  Guitar Center Presents Your Next Album With Travis Barker " competition . And the drummer expects to record again as the Transplants with Rancid 's Tim Armstrong . Keeping busy is important , he explains . "  Playing my drums is therapy . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Barker 's recovery from the crash took longer and was more painful than was publicly known He spent much of the last year completing tracks for "  Give the Drummer Some " Barker will be on the road in March and April with Wayne and Rick Ross
CNN  -- Australia leg-spinner Stuart MacGill has announced he will quit international cricket at the end of the ongoing second Test against West Indies . MacGill will retire after 10 years of Test cricket , in which he has taken 207 wickets . The 37-year-old made his Test debut against South Africa 10 years ago and has since gone on to take 207 wickets at an average of 28.28 over 43 Test matches . "  Unfortunately now my time is up , " MacGill said . "  I am incredibly lucky that as well as providing me with amazing opportunities off the field , my job allows me to test myself in one of Australia 's most highly scrutinised sporting environments . "  Bowling with some of crickets all time greats such as Glenn McGrath , Shane Warne , Jason Gillespie and Brett Lee has made my job a lot easier . I want to be sure that exciting young bowlers like Mitchell Johnson enjoy the same privilege , " he added . MacGill took the only wicket to fall on a rain-interrupted third day of the Test in Antigua . He had Ramnaresh Sarwan brilliantly caught at slip by Michael Clarke for a well-constructed 65 , but otherwise drew blank on a frustrating day for the tourists . The ever dependable Shivnarine Chanderpaul  55 not out  and Dwayne Bravo  29 not out  took the West Indies to the close on 255 for four wickets . They were replying to Australia 's 479 for seven declared and with only two days remaining a draw looks the likely outcome in MacGill 's farewell appearance . Australia won the first Test in Jamaica by 95 runs .	Australian leg-spinner Stuart MacGill has announced he will quit Test cricket The 37-year-old made his Test debut 10 years ago and has taken 207 wickets MacGill took only wicket to fall in rain-interrupted third day of second Test Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Dwayne Bravo compile unbroken stand of 73
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The global health community has been battling tuberculosis for more than a century , yet the disease still thrives . TB , which is contagious and spreads through the air when an infected person coughs , spits or sneezes , strikes everywhere , but predominately affects the poor . The countries most affected by TB are the so-called high-burden ones , or the 22 countries identified by the World Health Organization that combined contribute 80 percent of the global burden of TB . Many health care systems in these nations do n't have the resources , drugs and diagnostics to effectively deal with the disease , according to Dr. Mel Spigelman , director of research and development at the not-for-profit Global Alliance for TB Drug Development  TB Alliance  . "  But even if we upgraded those systems , the lack of a really effective vaccine , the lack of better and faster drugs that shorten treatment to a reasonable time and the lack of good drugs for treating resistant disease -- make it hard for any health care system to effectively deal with the disease , " he said . TB is usually treated with a combination of antibiotics administered for six to 24 months . But many patients fail to finish the long course of treatment , which has led to the emergence of deadly strains of the disease that ca n't be wiped out by the usual drugs . There has n't been a new class of TB drugs developed in 40 years , Because it is mainly a disease of poverty , there has n't really been a commercial market for new drugs , Spigelman noted . However , growing awareness of the disease has led to greater emphasis being placed on finding new treatments . Scientists at Rutgers University recently developed a group of antibiotic compounds that could be strong enough to combat even drug-resistant strains of TB . The project is exciting but is still in an early phase , according to Spigelman . He said it could be a good 10 years before a drug based on that research is available . "  We 're going in the right direction , but unfortunately , the resources - given the magnitude of the problem - are still a small fraction of what is needed to have great chance of coming up with something that will turn the tide , " he said .	Tuberculosis is a disease of poverty There has n't been a new class of TB drugs developed in 40 years A funding shortfall could hamper the global fight against the disease
The FBI on Tuesday asked for the public 's help in identifying an English-speaking militant who appeared to help execute Syrian soldiers in an ISIS recruitment video released last month . In the 55-minute video titled "  Flames of War , " the jihadist switches from classical Arabic to perfect English with a North American accent , and appears to orchestrate a mass execution of Syrian soldiers . The FBI reached out to the public on its website Tuesday , posting a portion of the video and asking whether anyone has information about the jihadist 's identity . "  We 're hoping that someone might recognize this individual and provide us with key pieces of information , " Michael Steinbach , assistant director of the FBI 's counterterrorism division , said Tuesday . The request is part of the FBI 's broader outreach to the public to help identify people seeking to travel overseas to fight with terror groups , and those who are returning from such fights . U.S. intelligence officials have been trying to analyze the recruitment featuring the English-speaking jihadist . Officials see the killer 's appearance in the video as significant because he comes across , they say , as articulate and persuasive , a person of influence within the terror group . In the video , there are a number of men digging a ditch behind him . The jihadist , whose face is covered except for his eyes , claims they are Syrian soldiers assigned to a 17th Division military base near the Syrian city of Raqqa , and who , after an ISIS attack , were "  digging their own graves in the very place where they were stationed . " CNN can not independently verify that the men in the video were soldiers , as the propaganda video claims . The video then shows the speaker and a group of militants executing the men , who fall into the ditch . The man who led this atrocity on film could be an Arab who was educated in the West . Or he could be an American or Canadian . If so , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said , he would be the first North American jihadist to commit a war crime on camera . "  Clearly ISIS had a calculated step to be able to put this guy on camera , " said Frank Cilluffo , a security analyst at George Washington University . "  Why ? Because he seems American . The message is aimed at a Western audience . " On Sunday , FBI Director James Comey told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that his agency is tracking a dozen Americans that have joined terrorist groups inside Syria . "  These homegrown violent extremists are troubled souls who are seeking meaning in some misguided way , and so they come across the propaganda , and they become radicalized on their own , sort of independent study , and they 're also able to equip themselves with training , again , through the Internet , " Comey told CBS . "  And then engage in jihad after emerging from their basement . " Last month , federal authorities detailed their case against the owner of a New York food store who they accused of funding ISIS and plotting to gun down U.S. troops who had served in Iraq . A law enforcement official told CNN that former Boston resident and U.S. citizen Ahmad Abousamra could be a key player in the ISIS social media machine that 's become renowned in recent weeks for spewing brutal propaganda online -- messages meant both to terrify and recruit Westerners . And CNN obtained tapes of American terrorists recruiting friends in the United States to join terror groups like ISIS . ISIS has successfully recruited large numbers of foreign fighters from across the globe , including from the United States and Western Europe . A CIA source told CNN last month that more than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , had gone to the civil war in Syria . It was not immediately clear how many had joined ISIS and how many were with other groups opposed to the Syrian government . The foreign fighters come from more than 80 countries , the CIA source said . A top State Department official insisted Monday that American efforts to combat ISIS ' powerful online message are working , successfully keeping disaffected youth from joining the extremist group . "  We have evidence that there are young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded , " Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Richard Stengel told CNN 's Elise Labott on Monday . "  They 're reading the messages , they 're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam , from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing . " "  It 's a very small cohort , " Stengel said of these so-called "  foreign fighter " cases originating from the United States .	FBI seeks public 's help in identifying English-speaking militant The ISIS fighter , possibly an American , appears to help execute Syrians in a video The 55-minute video released by ISIS shows the jihadist leading a mass execution In the video , jihadist speaks first in Arabic , then in English
CNN  -- An aircraft carrier named after the first President Bush was commissioned Saturday in Norfolk , Virginia . Former President George H.W. Bush waves aboard the aircraft carrier named after him Saturday . "  Those who are sitting out there , where I was , 65 years ago , preparing to serve aboard your new ship , I wish I was sitting right out there with you , " the carrier 's 84-year-old namesake told sailors at the commissioning ceremony . "  As you prepare to man this ship , I do know that you take with you the hopes and dreams of every American who cherishes freedom and peace , and you take with you the undying respect and admiration of the entire Bush family , " he said . The 1,092-foot , 20-story USS George H.W. Bush was decorated with red , white and blue banners for Saturday 's ceremony at Naval Station Norfolk . Watch video of the aircraft carrier " The 41st president joined the Navy at 18 and served as an aviator in World War II . He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and three Air Medals for his Navy service in the Pacific during the war , according to the Department of Defense . His time in the Navy ended after about four years . About 17,000 people were expected to attend Saturday 's ceremony . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Vice President Dick Cheney and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine were there , as was Bush 's son President George W. Bush and his wife , Laura . "  Laura and I are thrilled to be here to help commission an awesome ship and to honor an awesome man , President George H.W. Bush , " the president said . "  So what do you give a guy who has been blessed and has just about everything he has ever needed ? Well , an aircraft carrier . " The ship , comprising 47,000 tons of structural steel and about 500 tons of aluminum , is the last of the Nimitz class of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers . The ship 's construction began in 2003 . It was finished nearly three years later . The vessel will carry about 6,000 Navy personnel , the Department of Defense said . After the ceremony , the president left Norfolk for Maryland 's Andrews Air Force Base on what was probably his last Air Force One flight . From Andrews , he was expected to take a helicopter to Washington . White House spokesperson Dana Perino said the president was n't aware that it was his last scheduled flight on Air Force One until he was told by an interviewer . Read about features of Air Force One " President Bush leaves office January 20 , and President-elect Barack Obama will be sworn in .	President Bush takes last scheduled Air Force One flight to attend ceremony Ex-president , a former Navy pilot , tells sailors : I wish I was sitting out there with you Also at ceremony : Rice , Cheney , Gates George W. Bush , Laura Bush Current president : Carrier "  an awesome ship " named after "  an awesome man "
Cairo  CNN  -- Thousands gathered in the Egyptian capital on Friday in a mass demonstration against the country 's armed forces and its heavy-handed treatment of protesters , which has since drawn international condemnation . Protesters could be seen erecting tents in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , a location widely considered the epicenter of an uprising that brought down Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak earlier this year . The move marks the latest in a series of protests around the capital , where at least 16 people were killed in recent days amid clashes with Egyptian authorities . The unrest appears to largely stem from a stretch of assaults by police and defiant protests by demonstrators demanding that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government . Protesters on Friday could be heard singing the country 's national anthem and chanting slogans , such as "  The honor of Egyptian women is a red line . " They also put up a large projector screen in the city 's square , which showed videos of violence against protesters and included testimonials by the injured and family members of those recently killed . Days of clashes were further stoked last weekend by the beating of a woman at the hands of military officers , prompting Tuesday 's so-called "  Million Women " march , billed as an attempt to highlight regime violence against female demonstrators . Egypt 's ruling military council later expressed "  great regret " to the women over recent attacks and vowed to hold accountable those responsible . Security forces , meanwhile , on Friday appeared largely absent from the demonstration , according to CNN personnel at the scene . But political groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party , as well as the Salfi Islamic Movement , said they were boycotting the events . The country 's Islamic Wasat Party , however , has decided to participate . Elsewhere in Cairo , hundreds of protesters converged on the city 's Abasya Square , chanting slogans such as "  No to Destruction . " Large crowds also gathered in similar demonstrations in the Egyptian cities of Alexandria and Suez , according to state television . On Wednesday , Egypt 's military announced on Facebook that they had acquired information of a "  plan to vandalize government buildings and topple Egypt on January 25 , 2012 . " The date would mark the one-year anniversary of the start of Egypt 's uprising that largely began in Tahrir square on January 25 , 2011 . Demonstrators have also called for the country 's presidential elections , scheduled to take place in June , to be moved ahead to instead take place on the anniversary . A Ministry of Health spokesman , meanwhile , said that some 30 ambulances have been stationed near Tahrir Square and a field hospital has been set-up in anticipation of possible clashes .	Thousands gathered in Cairo in a mass demonstration against the country 's armed forces Demonstrators demand that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government Demonstrators are calling for presidential elections to be moved ahead to January
CNN  -- The shaka sign -- a person 's thumb and pinkie extended , the rest of the fingers in a fist -- is uniquely Hawaiian , a way to say "  right on , " "  hang loose " or simply hello . But it turns out it 's not the only way islanders have used their hands to communicate . A research group at the University of Hawaii at Manoa announced Friday that they had documented -- for the first time -- Hawaii Sign Language , or HSL , which deaf people across the islands ' diverse ethnic groups have used for decades if not longer . While there is written evidence dating back to 1821 indicating such a language existed , beginning in the 1940s it started to get largely phased out in favor of American Sign Language . Quiz : How good is your sign language ? Researchers identified about 40 Hawaiians who still use it -- interviewing 19 of them , plus two adult children , on four islands for their study . But they are all 80 years of age or older , making it imperative to act now in order to preserve it before it 's too late . "  Researchers are committed to a long term study of HSL with the goals of producing ... a dictionary  and  archived videotaped data , " said James Woodward , an Adjunct Professor of Linguistics at the University of Hawaii at Mano . "  It is also hoped that an effort can be made to revitalize HSL , so that it can be taught in high schools and universities in Hawaii . " Hearing-impaired people have found ways to communicate for generations , all across the world . That might mean tapping into a well-established language , like ASL or International Sign Language , or finding some other way to get a point across . Comic uses sign language "  If they do n't have access to learning a sign language that 's already in existence , then a community of deaf people will find a way to communicate , " said Leanne Hinton , a professor emeritus at the University of California at Berkeley . "  Over time , they will find a way to stabilize and have a structure that becomes an actual language . " That 's what the Hawaii university researchers say happened -- even if few realized that a distinctive sign language existed for decades on the island until now . While the now-prevailing ASL has rubbed off some , Woodward said it 's been relatively minimal among those practicing Hawaii Sign Language . Specifically , at least 80 % of its signs are distinct , while the rest come from ASL -- which he said is enough to characterize it as its own language , rather than a dialect . For example , the Hawaii Sign Language word for father is to wag your finger -- whereas in ASL , it 's an open hand with fingers spread and a thumb to the forehead . Want to say that someone is telling a lie ? Then put an index finger in the middle of your throat . The grammar structure in Hawaii Sign Language also differentiates it from ASL , Woodward noted . "  Sign languages ... evolve in a community of users , and are not signed versions of spoken languages , " the university said in a press release . "  The full history of HSL is yet to be told . " NYC sign language star surprised by fame	Records dating to the 1800s pointing to a sign language on the Hawaiian islands But the unique language has n't been documented until now , by university researchers A professor says at least 80 % of its signs are distinct from American Sign Language
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio on Friday started the third day of his new administration with a predawn conference call to decide whether to close public schools after a major storm walloped the city with up to 6 inches of snow . "  I had a great night ; it was not the most sleep-filled night , " de Blasio , an admitted night owl , told reporters Friday morning during what 's seen as the first challenge for a new mayor pushing a progressive agenda that promises to serve all of the city 's 8 million residents . "  I must say I have never done a 4 a.m. conference call in my life . " For the moment at least , de Blasio 's vow to tackle a range of issues , from economic inequality to police and community relations , was superseded by a meteorological phenomenon that has famously haunted mayors in the past . "  We are working in all five boroughs equally , " said de Blasio , surrounded by a small army of sanitation workers at a garage in Queens . "  I believe that that is not only a philosophical idea I believe in strongly ; it is also the fundamental belief of each member of this department to help each and every neighborhood equally . " De Blasio said sanitation crews were working 12-hour shifts to clear the city 's 6,200 miles of roadways with 2,500 plows from various departments . He said 100 % of primary roads and 92 % of secondary roads had been plowed . About 93 % of tertiary roads were plowed with the help of private contractors . Emergency response times were delayed about a minute because of snow and traffic , he said . In 2010 , Mayor Michael Bloomberg was heavily criticized for his handling of a blizzard that shut down several subway lines for days . He was accused of allowing snow to pile up in Queens and letting large parts of Brooklyn go unplowed for days . Bloomberg defended city efforts to clear snow amid a swell of frustration by some snowbound residents , particularly outside of Manhattan , who wondered why their streets were still clogged days after the massive holiday storm . "  I was here in 2010 and it was a disaster , " Kathy Nobles , a teacher and Brooklyn resident . John Doherty , sanitation commissioner since the administration of Mayor Ed Koch in the early 1980s , said de Blasio has handled the storm no differently from his previous bosses . "  He wants the job done , and he wants the streets clear , " he said . "  That 's what we do . " "  It would have been nice to talk about how to handle a snowstorm in an abstract exercise , but we did n't get to do that , " de Blasio told Doherty . "  We got the real thing . " De Blasio said the decision to close schools was made in the predawn hours because of the deceptively cold temperatures . "  With this kind of bitter cold , " he said , "  we did not want children out there , exposed . " Friday morning , de Blasio emerged from his row house in Park Slope , Brooklyn , with a shovel to clear his own sidewalk , something he said he has done for years . "  I 'm a proud Brooklynite , " he told reporters later . "  I 'm an outer borough homeowner . " That populist approach was well received during his first real challenge as mayor . "  We just consider him from our neighborhood and we expect he 's going to keep our interests at heart , " Brooklyn resident Kathleen Axen said . "  I like his emphasis on middle-class people . " A virtual unknown nationally , despite 25 years in New York politics , de Blasio defied critics who questioned whether his experience as a city councilman from Brooklyn and , most recently , as a public advocate -- a sort of civic watchdog -- sufficiently prepared him to run the Big Apple . He also ran Hillary Clinton 's first U.S. Senate campaign . The new mayor admitted that his son , Dante , a high school student , lobbied heavily for closing the city 's schools . On social media , Dante said friends were asking him to pull strings to get the shutdown done . But de Blasio 's wife , Chirlane McCray , tweeted a photo of a shovel and snow salts Thursday night to illustrate "  what Dante will be doing if he does not go to school . " "  If Dante was not lobbying me , there would be something wrong with him , " de Blasio said . "  Of course , he 's 16 . But unfortunately the decision takes more factors into account than Dante 's opinion . "	Weather seen as the first challenge to a new mayor pushing a progressive agenda Mayor Bill de Blasio : "  I had a great night ; it was not the most sleep-filled night " "  We are working in all five boroughs equally , " de Blasio , said at a garage in Queens
Mashable  -- Feedly , a news aggregator which promised to make the migration from Google Reader â $ " which is being shut down on July 1 â $ " seamless , has already seen an influx of over 500,000 million Reader users . "  More than 500,000 Google Reader users have joined the feedly community over the last 48 hours . We love passionate readers . Welcome on board , " said Feedly on its official blog . And that 's not all : Feedly 's Twitter account is buzzing with activity , with new users asking about features and new versions of the software , and Feedly 's iOS app has quickly become the top free app in Apple 's App Store . To cope with all the new users and their feedback , Feedly has upped its bandwidth by 10x , added new servers and launched a suggestion forum for new features . Of course , Feedly is not the only alternative to Google Reader , but its example shows how a smaller service can benefit from a big player exiting its space . Have you tried Feedly out ? How do you like it ? Share your thoughts in the comments . Read the original story on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Feedly has already seen an influx of over 500,000 million Reader users Google announced last week that Google Reader will be shut down on July 1 Feedly is a similar news-aggregator service and mobile app
What is being called the nation 's toughest anti-abortion measure -- a law that bans most abortions after six weeks , when a fetal heartbeat can be first detected -- was signed into law on Tuesday by North Dakota 's governor . The law sets the stage for an almost guaranteed legal showdown , with proponents saying the law is intended to test the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that made abortion legal . "  Although the likelihood of this measure surviving a court challenge remains in question , this bill is nevertheless a legitimate attempt by a state legislature to discover the boundaries of Roe v. Wade , " Gov. Jack Dalrymple said in a statement . The governor directed the legislature to set aside funds to cover the cost of the expected legal battle , which opponents vowed to mount if the governor signed the measure into law . "  North Dakota 's governor today effectively banned abortion in the state , with an outrageous and unconstitutional law that will not stand , " said Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund . Dalrymple called the constitutionality of the law "  an open question , " saying the Supreme Court has never considered the "  precise restriction " of the fetal heartbeat aspect . The Center for Reproductive Rights announced plans late Tuesday to file a lawsuit to challenge the new law . "  We will not allow this frontal assault on fundamental reproductive rights to go unchallenged , " Nancy Northup , the president of the Center for Reproductive Rights said . While the law does not spell out a specific time frame when a fetal heartbeat can be detected , experts say it is typically six to seven weeks into a pregnancy . The new law targets doctors rather than women having an abortion , with a maximum punishment of five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine . Doctors , if convicted , could also lose their license to practice medicine . Under the law , a woman who undergoes an abortion in which a fetal heartbeat has been detected may not be prosecuted for violating the law or conspiracy to violate the law . The law does not rule out abortions when a medical emergency threatens the life of a woman . It does not allow for an abortion in the case of rape or incest , according to Democratic state Sen. Jim Dotzenrod , who voted against the bill . Abortion was legalized in all 50 states in 1973 by the U.S. Supreme Court . Statutory time limits on when abortions can take place , however , vary from state to state . Under Roe v. Wade , abortions are generally permitted until the fetus is considered viable , or able to live outside the womb . Some states have no time limit , while others allow abortion up to the end of the second trimester , about 27 or 28 weeks into the pregnancy . North Dakota 's fetal heartbeat law was one of three laws targeting abortion that Dalrymple signed on Tuesday . The other laws are : -- A ban on the procedure on the basis of genetic defects or gender selections . -- A requirement that doctors who perform abortions have privileges at a North Dakota-area hospital . While proponents say the law will protect the welfare of a woman undergoing a medical procedure , opponents say it will force the closure of North Dakota 's only clinic that performs abortions . The laws are set to go into effect on August 1 , though a legal challenge could postpone them until the matter is sorted out . This month , Arkansas ' legislature passed a bill banning abortions after 12 weeks of pregnancy . The state 's Democratic governor , Mike Beebe , vetoed the bill , but the Arkansas House voted to override the veto . The Center for Reproductive Rights and the ACLU have vowed to challenge the law in federal court . Called the Arkansas Human Heartbeat Protection Act , the bill requires testing to determine "  whether the fetus that the pregnant woman is carrying possesses a detectible heartbeat . "	The Center for Reproductive Rights says it plans to sue the state The most restrictive law bans abortions after a fetal heartbeat is detected Experts say a fetal heartbeat can be detected as early as six weeks Gov. Jack Dalrymple says it is a legitimate attempt to test the boundaries of Roe v. Wade
CNN  -- OK , so you 've resolved to lose weight , travel more and organize your finances in 2014 . That 's a good start . But what about your virtual self ? The dawn of a new year is also a good time for a digital makeover : a savvier , more disciplined approach to Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and other social platforms . Given that 73 % of online U.S. adults are active on social media , according to a new Pew survey , this could have a bigger impact on your life than cleaning out that overstuffed closet . May we present these seven resolutions -- suggestions , really -- for better social-media use in the new year . Do n't post pictures of all your meals Sure , the tuna tartare at that fancy restaurant sure looks pretty . But interrupting your dinner to Instagram it is rude to your dining companions , not to mention obnoxious for other people sitting nearby who have to endure your camera flashes and "  which filter looks better ? " questions . Some restaurants have even witnessed food "  photographers " climb atop their chairs to get a better camera angle . Do n't be that person . Try limiting your food pics to special items like a customized birthday cake or maybe that famous 2-pound burger you must finish to earn a free T-shirt and your photo on the pub wall . Think before you tweet OK , this one may seem obvious . But it 's amazing how many otherwise smart people blast out thoughts on Twitter without pausing to consider the sheer stupidity of what they 're saying . In August , TV 's Dr. Phil McGraw sparked a backlash after a tweet posted on his verified Twitter account asked whether it 's OK to have sex with a drunk girl . The tweet was quickly deleted but not before the Internet erupted in outrage . Then there was Justine Sacco , the PR executive who posted this on Twitter this month before boarding a flight to South Africa : "  Going to Africa . Hope I do n't get AIDS . Just kidding . I 'm white ! " The tweet went viral while her plane was in the air , and she was fired soon after . It takes only a few seconds to compose a dumb tweet . The damage can last much longer . Do n't tag people in unflattering photos Hey , buddy ! I tagged you in this party pic ! Yeah , I know your eyes are closed , your stomach is sticking out and your tongue is caressing a bottle of tequila , but it 's hilarious , right ! Right ? No ? Oops . Ask permission before posting questionable photos of people online . It 's just common courtesy . Fact-check first No , Tom Cruise did n't die in April in a car accident in Australia . But you would n't know that right away from all the breathless posts on Facebook and Twitter . Then there are the fake Facebook posts , offering cheap airfare or free iPads , that try to scam you with malicious links . Social media can spread misinformation as fast as truths . Unless you want your friends to stop trusting you , Snopes.com is a good source for debunking these rumors . Or you could just use common sense . Remember that less can be more An artfully rendered Instagram photo of your baby or cat or snowy backyard can be a beautiful thing . Seven photos in an hour , not so much . The same can apply to rapid-fire tweeting or constant Facebook updates . Unless you 're live-blogging from a forest fire or the Oscars , do n't overwhelm your friends ' feeds . They will thank you . Go easy on the selfies Yes , "  selfie " is the word of the year for 2013 . And selfies can be fun to look at when the person is 1 . wearing a costume , 2 . with a celebrity or 3 . standing in front of the Eiffel Tower . Preferably all three at once . But we do n't really need to see you in front of your bathroom mirror , making a duck face . By its nature , social media is already narcissistic enough . Be your authentic self Unless , maybe , you 're Anthony Weiner . There is now a whole corps of "  social media experts " who will tell you "  how to build your personal brand . " Ignore them . The nature of networking has n't really changed -- it 's still about who you know , staying in touch and being willing to put yourself out there -- and no number of marketing gimmicks will change that . Be genuine . Be someone you 'd enjoy talking to at a party . If you 're using social media only to collect likes and followers , you 're probably doing something wrong . But you still might want to hold off on those knee-jerk Twitter rants or Vines of yourself naked . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	The dawn of a new year is also a good time for a digital makeover Adopt a savvier approach to how you use Facebook , Twitter , Instagram Pew survey : 73 % of online U.S. adults are active on social media
Toulouse  CNN  -- French police had no grounds on which to arrest gunman Mohammed Merah before he carried out three attacks in which seven people died , Prime Minister Francois Fillon told French radio station RTL Friday . Merah , 23 , who was shot dead by special forces Thursday after a siege lasting more than 30 hours in the southwestern city of Toulouse , was wanted in the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three children ages 4 , 5 , and 7 . Merah , a French citizen of Algerian descent , had been put under surveillance after trips to Afghanistan and Pakistan , officials have said , leading commentators to ask why he was not stopped sooner . He claimed to have attended an al Qaeda training camp , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins , and was on the U.S. no-fly list for that reason , a U.S. intelligence official said . And Toulouse lawyer Eric Mouton , acting for a woman named only as Aicha , to protect her privacy , told CNN she filed a complaint against Merah in 2010 over alarming behavior Merah displayed toward her children . Aicha claimed that Merah had beaten up her daughter , 19 at the time , and held her son , 15 , against his will in a room for several hours , forcing him to watch videos of violent combat and of people 's throats being slit . Mouton said he would meet with Toulouse prosecutor Michel Valet later Friday to discuss the case . It is not known if any action was taken against Merah at the time . Fillon defended the police and intelligence services , saying they had done a remarkable job in finding the killer within 10 days of the first attack , on March 11 . Fillon acknowledged that some questions should be asked , particularly with regard to surveillance . But , he said , "  there was no single element " that would have allowed the police to arrest Merah before the killings began . "  We do n't have the right in a country like ours to keep under permanent surveillance without a judicial decision someone who has committed no offense , " he told RTL . "  We live in a country under the rule of law . " Crowds gathered in a square in central Toulouse at noon Friday to remember those killed in the attacks . Toulouse Mayor Pierre Cohen called the rally in solidarity with the families of the victims and as a demonstration of unity against anti-Semitism and racism , CNN affiliate BMF-TV reported . CNN iReporter Henry Krisch said the mood at the commemoration was "  eerily silent and depressed , " as the names of the seven dead were read out and a minute 's silence was held . Meanwhile , investigators carrying shovels , metal detectors and hammers re-entered Merah 's apartment Friday , continuing their search of the premises . A police cordon surrounding the property was removed in the afternoon , exposing the messy aftermath of the gun siege to those at the scene . The first floor balcony from which Merah jumped , still firing , before being shot in the head , has been boarded up . Bullet holes pock the walls and nearby cars , and broken glass lies scattered around . Elizabeth Allannic , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor , said the detention of Mohammed Merah 's mother , brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been extended Friday . Police tracked Merah down via his mother 's computer IP address , which was apparently used to respond to an ad posted by the first victim , officials said . Interior Minister Claude Gueant initially told reporters it was the IP address of Merah 's brother that led investigators to him . Fillon said the French domestic intelligence service , the DCRI , had done its job "  perfectly well , it identified Mohammed Merah when he traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan , it questioned him and it monitored him , he was under surveillance , on a list , and it was thanks to that listing that he was identified . "  It watched him for the necessary period , and it led to the conclusion that there was no indication or trace that Mohammed Merah was a dangerous man . " Investigations will determine whether Merah acted alone , the prime minister told RTL . He added : "  We must not mix religious fundamentalism with terrorism . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy vowed increased legal measures to punish those who pursue extremist activities online or travel overseas for indoctrination and training . He spoke Thursday as campaigning resumed for the French presidential election , with the first round of voting due next month . Rival candidate Francois Hollande , appearing at a rally Thursday night , said questions will have to be asked about the Merah case , French media reported . Earlier , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told radio network Europe 1 that "  light must be shed " on events leading up to the shootings by Merah . "  I understand that one can ask whether there was a failing or not . As I do n't know if there was a failing , I ca n't tell you what kind of failing , but light must be shed on that , " Juppe said . The day after his third and final attack , on a Jewish school , Merah was tracked down to an apartment in Toulouse , where a siege began in the early hours Wednesday . It finally came to a bloody end Thursday morning , when Merah emerged from a bathroom in his apartment and fired more than 30 shots at police who had burst in to end the standoff , Molins said . Merah then jumped out a window onto a balcony , still shooting , and was found dead on the ground , officials said . He died from a gunshot wound to the head , Molins said . After Merah 's death , Sarkozy said everything had been done to bring him to justice alive but security forces could not be exposed to further risk . Authorities said the young man cited a variety of reasons for the killings , including the missions of French troops abroad , the oppression of Palestinians and France 's ban on the wearing of Islamic veils . After Merah was killed , police found video he had recorded of the attacks , ammunition and ingredients for explosives , Molins said . In the video of the first shooting of a French soldier in Toulouse , Merah told the soldier , "  You kill my brothers , I kill you , " Molins told reporters . Another video shows Merah gunning down two more French soldiers in Montauban . He is heard saying "  Allahu Akbar , " or "  God is great , " Molins said . Gueant said Merah had been under surveillance by French intelligence for years . He had "  already committed certain infractions , some with violence , " Gueant said . Merah was sentenced 15 times by a Toulouse juvenile court when he was a minor , Molins said . The charges mostly involved theft . In the first shooting on March 11 , Imad Ibn Ziaten , a paratrooper of North African origin , arranged to meet a man in Toulouse who wanted to buy a scooter Ziaten had advertised online , the interior minister said . The victim said in the ad that he was in the military . Four days later , two other soldiers were shot dead and another injured by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in a shopping center in the city of Montauban , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  from Toulouse . In the attack at the private Jewish school Ozar Hatorah on Monday , a man wearing a motorcycle helmet and driving a motor scooter pulled up and shot a teacher and three children -- two of them the teacher 's young sons -- in the head . The other victim , the daughter of the school 's director , was killed in front of her father . Police said the same guns were used in all three attacks . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Saskya Vandoorne , Anna Prichard and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness : The mood was silent and somber as the victims ' names were read out at a rally Bullet holes pock the walls of the apartment where Merah holed up , and nearby cars A mother filed a complaint against Merah in 2010 , saying he threatened her children Prime Minister Francois Fillon says police and intelligence services did well
