Police have arrested Markale Deandra Hart , 22 , in connection with the shooting death of a freshman Auburn University football player , the Auburn Police Division said in a news release Sunday . The Camp Hill man is being charged with murder in the death of 18-year-old Jakell Mitchell of Opelika , Alabama , police say . "  An investigation into the shooting was immediately initiated by the Auburn Police Division and as a result , Hart was developed as a suspect , " the statement said . "  Auburn Detectives traveled to Dadeville and with the assistance of the Tallapoosa County Sheriff Department and Jackson Gap Police , were able to locate Hart and take him into custody . " Dadeville , Alabama , is about 30 miles northwest of Auburn and Opelika . Hart was taken to Lee County Jail and is being held on a $ 150,000 bond . No more arrests are expected , police said . Mitchell was shot and killed at an off-campus apartment complex overnight , police said Sunday . Mitchell was a freshman football player , according to news website AL.com . He had signed with Auburn this year but sat the season out to gain weight and train for next year , AL.com reported . He had played high school football in nearby Opelika . He was a good receiver and runner , according to the Auburn Tigers ' website . "  He 's a fantastic athlete that is going to be able to do a lot for us , " Coach Scott Fountain told the Tigers ' website after Mitchell signed on . University spokesman Mike Clardy confirmed Mitchell 's identity . "  The thoughts and prayers of all of us at Auburn University are with his family during this difficult time , " he said .	Auburn police make arrest , file murder charge Jakell Mitchell , 18 , was a freshman football player He sat out this season to gain weight and prepare for 2015 He was a good receiver and runner , the Auburn Tigers said
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Homeland Security expects "  threats of retaliation " from al Qaeda in the aftermath of Osama bin Laden 's death , a department official told CNN early Monday . "  We certainly anticipate threats of retaliation -- this is an organization that declared war on the United States more than a decade ago . Threats from al Qaeda are not a new phenomenon , " the official said . The United States put American diplomatic facilities around the world on high alert and issued a global travel warning for Americans shortly after President Barack Obama announced that the terrorist leader had been killed in Pakistan by U.S. special operations forces . "  Given the uncertainty and volatility of the current situation , U.S. citizens in areas where recent events could cause anti-American violence are strongly urged to limit their travel outside of their homes and hotels and avoid mass gatherings and demonstrations , " the State Department said in a worldwide travel warning issued early Monday . "  U.S. citizens should stay current with media coverage of local events and be aware of their surroundings at all times . " The federal government remained at a "  heightened state of vigilance , " but the Department of Homeland Security has no plans to raise the national terrorism threat level , Secretary Janet Napolitano said . "  I have been clear since announcing NTAS  National Terrorism Advisory System  in January that we will only issue alerts when we have specific or credible information to convey to the American public , " she said in a written statement , which also acknowledged the likelihood of an "  evolving threat picture both in the coming days and beyond . " At the U.S. Capitol , "  there have been increased foot patrols , exterior building checks and the strategic placement of personnel , all cautionary while the intelligence community measures the possibility of anti-American response , " Senate Sergeant at Arms Terry Gainer said via e-mail . "  There are no present indications of problems . " A law enforcement official says a joint FBI-Homeland Security advisory went out to state and local law enforcement entities Sunday night . The official said the advisory is an effort to urge law enforcement to be on the watch for possible retaliation . But there is no specific threat information . The official said the advisory stresses to be on the lookout for any homegrown plots . The official said the heads of all the FBI field offices have also been told to "  keep in mind the significance of the news " about bin Laden and watch out for any possible activity in their regions . The official said this means if they have open terrorism-related investigations that they should pursue interviews and other leads . The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , Pakistan , and its consulates in Lahore , Karachi and Peshawar were closed Monday to routine business , the embassy said in a statement . The embassy warned U.S. citizens "  of the possibility of violent protests and demonstrations in major cities of Pakistan , " specifically near the embassy or consulates , or areas where Westerners are known to congregate . In London , British Foreign Secretary William Hague ordered his nation 's embassies to review their security , saying this is usual procedure in such situations , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . Egypt stepped up security for all flights out of the country , said Sameh Hefny , head of the country 's Aviation Authority . Israeli police have increased patrols around U.S. facilities and are prepared to implement heightened security measures in the event of demonstrations around U.S. diplomatic facilities , according to spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Interpol , the international police organization , urged law enforcement agencies in its 188 member countries to be on "  full alert " for retaliatory acts , Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said . Local U.S. authorities also took precautions . Washington 's public transit operator , the Metropolitan Area Transit Authority , increased the number of uniformed officers patrolling the system , said Metro spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein . In New York , where al Qaeda used a pair of hijacked commercial jetliners to take down the twin towers of the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said it was increasing police presence at all its facilities , including the site where the World Trade Center once stood , according to Chris Ward , executive director . Both Farbstein and Ward said the steps were precautionary measures and not related to any specific threat . Elizabeth Glazer , the deputy secretary of public safety for the state of New York , said all state agencies had been briefed on bin Laden 's death and the possible ramifications . "  The public should rest assured that we are taking appropriate precautions and increasing our alertness , " she said . New York 's police department was also on guard . Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said there was no information to indicate a threat to the city , but "  members of the service are reminded to remain alert . " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the killing had not led to specific new threats . "  As of now I am happy to say there are no new immediate threats against our city , " he said during statements at the site of the attacks on the World Trade Center . "  But there is no doubt that we remain a top target and the killing of bin Laden will not change that . " The Philadelphia Police Department said it was doing hourly checks on mosques and synagogues . On the West Coast , Los Angeles Council President Eric Garcetti said , "  People are scared , people are afraid , people are worried that something is going to happen now that Osama has been killed . " But he added , "  We want to reassure folks today that this is a safe city made safe by the vigilance of all people . " Authorities urged citizens to report any suspicious activity or behavior in the days and weeks ahead to but refrain from reporting suspicious-looking people . "  Our real counterterrorism strength came from our partnership with the Muslim communities ; we need to continue our vigilance , " said Los Angeles Police Deputy Chief Michael Downing . The SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors online jihadist activities , said vague threats were posted on the Shumukh al-Islam forum , the exclusive outlet for official al Qaeda messages . "  America will reap the same if the news is true and false , " said one posting on the website . "  The lions will remain lions and will continue moving in the footsteps of Osama , " said another . Adding to the concern is a Defense Department report released last week by the WikiLeaks website that a Guantanamo detainee had knowledge of al Qaeda possibly possessing a nuclear bomb somewhere in Europe . The detainee , Abu al-Libi , said he was told by al Qaeda associate Sharif al-Masri that he believed if bin Laden were captured or killed "  the bomb would be detonated " in the United States . Al-Libi said al-Masri told him during the summer of 2004 that the terrorist network was having difficulty moving the bomb , but if it could move it "  al Qaeda would find operatives to use it . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Kim Hutcherson , Jeanne Meserve , Susan Candiotti , Dana Bash and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Israel increases security around U.S. facilities Homeland Security has no plans to raise threat level , secretary says Washington Metro transit system increases uniformed patrols as precaution U.S. facilities worldwide are on heightened alert , and are closed in Pakistan
CNN  -- If Facebook is the ultimate popularity test , then the most famous art institute on the planet is not in Paris , New York or London . It 's a tiny gallery hidden on the fifth floor of a nondescript building in Amsterdam . Measuring a meager 750 square feet , The Greenbox Museum is the only museum in the world dedicated solely to Saudi contemporary art , and with over a million Facebook "  likes " , it is more loved than the Tate , the Metropolitan Museum of Art , or the Louvre . "  When I started , people thought , it ca n't be true , it 's a joke , its April Fools , " recalls Aarnout Helb , the museum 's founder . Helb started collecting Saudi art in 2008 , after accidently stumbling upon a work by leading Saudi artist Ahmed Mater online . A year later , he opened Greenbox . Helb does n't find the museum 's online popularity unusual . "  A lot of the fans are basically young Muslims that perceive Saudi as a country relevant to their culture , because of the historical and ritual position of Mecca , " he says . Saudi art has also become trendy in Western art circles . Last year , Tate Modern director Chris Dercon made a special visit to Saudi for Jeddah Art Week . Michael Jeha , the managing director of Christie 's Middle East , who last year sold a piece by Abdulnasser Gharem for $ 842,500  the highest grossing work by a Saudi artist ever  , says that much of the demand is coming from Europe and America . For Saudi artists themselves , foreign influence can be a mixed blessing . On the one hand , art shown outside the country is less censored . Read more : Saudi artists push the limits Soraya Darwish , a young artist who also blogs about her country 's art scene , notes that often , artists will feel more comfortable showcasing sensitive materials abroad . In Saudi , all exhibits have to pass review by the Ministry of Culture and Information before they are opened to the public . Overseas , there are no such measures . "  If an artwork is too culturally sensitive , it could get banned from being shown in Saudi , " she says . "  It has n't happened to me , but I 've known artists it has happened to . Usually , they 'll just be asked not to show a work . I guess in the worst-case scenario , a show could be shut down . " Manal Al Dowayan , the country 's highest grossing female artist , disagrees that censorship is problematic within Saudi . Al Dowayan has exhibited at both the V&A and British Museum , and at solo and group shows within Saudi . At Alaan Artspace , a newly opened gallery in Riyadh , she showed a sculpture entitled "  esmi " or "  my name " , which depicting giant prayer beads bearing female names  it was made in response to a conservative trend forbidding men to use a woman 's name in public  . "  My art is very critical of social attitudes toward women , and I have never been censored in Saudi , " she says . "  The obvious untouchables are insulting religion and the royal family ; everything else is open . " Saudi has n't traditionally championed its artists . The majority of Greenbox 's online love , for instance , does n't come from Saudi , which ranks ninth on the list , but from Indonesia , Pakistan and Egypt . Yet as art becomes more accepted  and lucrative  outside the Saudi Arabia , those inside the country are starting to take note . One of the first institutions inside the country to champion Saudi art was Athr , which launched in Jeddah in 2009 . Only recently have other institutions started to join the fray . Last October , Alaan Artspace opened , with the added mission of establishing an art curriculum in the country . "  Art and design have always been a part of Saudi culture . It is art education that has been overlooked , " says Neama Al Sudairy , Alaan 's founding director . The art scene has picked up to such an extent that last March also witnessed the launch of the country 's first art guide  appropriately titled "  Saudi Art Guide "  , available online and in app form . "  In Jeddah and Riyadh , there are more galleries opening -- maybe one or two a year . It 's kind of a trend , where someone sees the market potential and opens up a gallery , " says Darwish , the guide 's co-founder . For some artists , the development of art within the country is a reaction against the adverse effect foreign influence has had on the scene . Recently , Ahmed Mater sent out a brief stating his longing to return to his roots , partly because the growing Middle Eastern art market "  treats our practices as a means to a resulting commodity , our visual languages and aesthetics being transformed into identifiable and inflexible brands . " Helb also worries about the effects of commercialization . "  You have censorship  of Saudi art  in London . Not a little , but a lot , " notes Helb . "  Galleries want to make things glossier for the art market , so it sells and fits in your house and is interesting , and Saudi artists lose the spontaneity of their voices . They turn artists into race horses . "	Small gallery in Amsterdam has huge online support Facing a lack of interest in their country , many Saudi artists have found recognition abroad Abdulnasser Gharem broke the record for highest grossing work by a Saudi artists when a piece of his sold for $ 842,500 The landscape is changing as more galleries are opening up inside Saudi Arabia
January 13 , 2015 Thirty minutes , each way , twice a day : That 's how much a Haitian teenager walks to get something we tend to take for granted . Today , CNN Student News is traveling to an impoverished island nation and looking at what 's changed five years after a catastrophic earthquake . We also cover headlines from Indonesia and France and look at how a British company is harnessing the power of kinetic energy . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- If you 've ever heard a corny joke , it likely was an Aggie joke . These are launched against those of us who hold Texas A&M University  aka the "  Aggies "  near and dear , usually by fans of our arch-rival , the University of Texas . Some are pretty funny , such as this one : "  Did you hear about the Aggie that drove his pickup into the lake ? His dog drowned while he tried to get the tailgate down . " After today 's hearing , I 'm confident a new one will become popular : "  Did you hear that joke of a congressman who actually felt sorry for BP ? Yea , he was that Aggie , Joe Barton . " Anyone who has read or listened to me knows that I am proud of my native Texas , and especially my alma mater , Texas A&M University . But after listening to Barton apologize this morning to BP officials for having to set aside $ 20 billion in an escrow fund to assist the victims of the biggest oil disaster in American history , I am ashamed that this poor excuse of an elected official has disgraced his Texas congressional district . It should n't matter that Barton is often representing the interests of the oil industry . Any sane person would be outraged at the response thus far of BP , as well as the insensitive and asinine comments by company representatives . In his opening statement , Barton was so over the top that even his fellow Republicans must have thought he bumped his head on his way into today 's hearing . "  I 'm ashamed of what happened in the White House yesterday . I think it is a tragedy of the first proportion that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown -- in this case a $ 20 billion shakedown . " A shakedown ? The federal government , the states of Louisiana , Florida , Alabama and Mississippi have had to amass tens of thousands of workers , and spend millions of dollars trying to do all they can to contain the oil gushing out of the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico . Businesses have shut down , fishermen are trying to figure out how they are going to feed their families in the wake of the devastation , and beaches along the Gulf Coast are closed , preventing tourists from spending dollars in the region . All of his because of the explosion on BP 's oil platform 60 days ago that killed 11 people and continues to cause irreparable harm to the environment . But that means nothing to Barton , who truly is carrying the oil of the industry . You would think that a man who is always talking about government spending and fiscal conservatism would want a private company to foot the bill for an oil spill . Why should the American taxpayer have to spend our precious dollars to clean up the massive mess ? When the World Trade Center 's twin towers were brought down on September 11 , 2001 , the federal government created the September 11 Victim Compensation Fund . Nearly $ 7 billion was awarded , and that event was n't the federal government 's fault . It is right , fair and just that the Obama administration should force BP to fork over billions to assist those who have seen their way of life destroyed by the oil spill , and the American taxpayer , including those in Barton 's district , should feel confident that BP will repay the federal government and the states every penny spent on cleaning up their mess . Any man or woman with a conscience should deplore Barton 's comments , and no Republican should stand with him . Either you are on the side of BP or the American people , especially those in the Gulf . Joe , shame on you . And when I bump into you in College Station at a Texas A&M football game , I 'll tell you this personally . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Rep. Joe Barton apologized to BP officials for "  shakedown " by White House Roland Martin says Barton 's claim was outrageous He says the White House properly got BP to set up fund for oil victims He says taxpayers should be relieved government wo n't have to foot bill
CNN  -- Same-sex couples in California may be able to obtain marriage licenses on June 17 , state officials said Wednesday . Marriage licenses for same-sex couples may be available in June , officials said . The California Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional in a May 15 ruling , clearing the way for the state to become the second to legalize such marriages . The state Department of Public Health -- which serves as State Registrar and oversees vital records -- said in an announcement that June 16 is the last day the state Supreme Court can rule on any requests for re-hearing . It released new marriage license forms for counties to use beginning the following day . The new forms , which were also released , have lines for "  Party A " and "  Party B. " However , the "  general information " page for California marriage licenses still stated as of Wednesday that "  only an unmarried male and an unmarried female may marry in California . " The California Supreme Court issued the ruling in a consolidated case involving several gay and lesbian couples , along with the city of San Francisco and gay rights groups . A lower court had ruled San Francisco acted illegally in issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in 2004 . In its 4-3 ruling , the state Supreme Court called marriage a "  basic civil right . " Opponents of same-sex marriage have said a constitutional marriage amendment should be placed on the November ballot , and that national efforts should be made to generate a federal marriage amendment . A constitutional amendment initiative that would specify marriage is only between a man and a woman is awaiting verification by the California Secretary of State 's office after its sponsors said they had gathered enough signatures to place it on a statewide ballot . Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriages in 2004 , and gay couples need not be state residents there to wed. . However , then-Gov . Mitt Romney resurrected a 1913 law barring non-resident marriages in the state if the marriage would be prohibited in the partners ' home state . Subsequent court and agency decisions have determined that only residents of Massachusetts , Rhode Island and New Mexico may marry in Massachusetts , unless the parties say they plan to relocate there after the marriage . New Hampshire , Vermont , New Jersey and Connecticut permit civil unions , while California has a domestic-partner registration law . More than a dozen other states give same-sex couples some legal rights , as do some other countries .	Court officials said licenses could be given out next month California Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage That ruling earlier this month found the ban unconstitutional June 16 is the last day the state Supreme Court can rule on a re-hearing
London , England  CNN  -- He got his first big break at art school , when an employee from Wilkinson Sword saw his graduation show and commissioned him to design some disposable razors . Today , Dick Powell is one of the world 's leading figures in design . As one half of British design agency Seymourpowell , he is responsible for such milestone products as the pocket mobile phone and cordless kettle and has designed for major institutions including Unilever , Panasonic and NestlÃ © . He has twice been appointed President of the UK 's Design and Art Direction  D&AD  board , who honored his outstanding contribution to creativity with their President 's Award . Recently , somewhere in between working on a new concept for the Virgin Galactic spacecraft and running a business , Powell has found time to take on a new role -- that of the mentor . Not a stranger to TV after his series "  Better by Design " with company co-founder Richard Seymour , Powell appears on screen for CNN 's Blueprint to offer guidance to a group of ambitious students who have created electricity conducting paint . We caught the design kingpin for an exclusive Q&A . CNN : What are the three most important principles of good product design ? Dick Powell : That 's easy . Design is about making things better -- that means better for people , better for business and better for the world . CNN : Which product from the last decade is the best example of a meeting between form and function ? DP : Apple 's iPhone . It 's what we call a meta-product , so it 's a combination of hardware , software and service . CNN : What 's the best way for an amateur designer to turn a great idea into a reality ? DP : Never give up . That would be the first piece of advice . Getting a new product to market is an amazingly difficult thing to do . It 's not about the design . The design is just one part of it . You need the finance to fund it . The most important thing , which most people get wrong , is that they think they have a good idea when in fact it 's probably not a good idea . It 's a great idea to them but they need to think very hard about their potential market and be convinced that it is going to have a volume acceptance , because you ca n't get products to market without high numbers . Also , people often forget about distribution -- it is fine to have a great product but you 've got to get it in front of people . CNN : How does the environment you work in affect creativity ? DP : I think it 's more about culture than environment . It 's important to have a great office and studio to work in but it 's really about the culture -- inside the studio and the business is what matters . If you 've got an innovative and creative culture alive in the business then that is all you need . CNN : How do you keep the spirit of innovation in your company alive ? DP : By always striving to be better , by never being satisfied with the way things are . CNN : Some areas of industry , such as healthcare , have greatly benefited from innovative design . Are there any industries that you think are crying out for pioneering design solutions ? DP : I do n't think so , no . I think nearly every industry I can think of has become involved with design to a greater or lesser degree but there are none out there that are crying out for it that I can think of . I think the service industry is going to benefit the most in the near future . It comes back to what I was saying about meta-products . What defines them is that they provide a service of some kind , so from the machine that gives you your money out of a wall to the car you drive . For the Internet of Things we are going to be seeing , to a much greater extent , the provision of service with everything that we buy and use . CNN : Is product design a science or an art ? DP : Well , it 's a combination of those two things that really defines design . It 's not necessarily science . I suppose it could be seen as a science . Quiz : Looks cool ... what does it do ? CNN : What are the most common mistakes people make when designing a new product ? DP : Designing a product is like juggling plates . One plate might be function and another might be market , another manufacturers , another cost and another look and feel . There are 15 or 20 of those plates and you 've got to keep them all spinning all of the time . Designers tend to spin up one or two of them , particularly look and feel , at the expense of the others and the they start to fall off . Cost is a plate that often falls off . Designers get carried away with look and feel and function and lose sight of cost , manufacturer ability , distribution and market . CNN : What is the proudest achievement in your career to date ? DP : I think it 's when Rich and I received the D&AD President 's Award . CNN : What 's the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you ? DP : Well it 's a universal truth : Treat others as you like to be treated yourself .	Dick Powell , a world-renowned designer is responsible for products including cordless kettle He has worked with household brands including Panasonic , Nestle and Unilever In addition to running his own design firm , he is now a mentor on CNN 's Blueprint
CNN  -- A man suspected of abducting and sexually assaulting a Central Michigan University student posted a final goodbye a few hours later on his Facebook page shortly before an officer fatally shot him , authorities said Friday . "  Well folks , I 'm about to get shot . Peace , " was 30-year-old Eric Ramsey 's last post to his Facebook wall around 3:15 a.m. Thursday , Isabella County Sheriff Leo Mioduszewski told CNN in a telephone interview . Ramsey had abducted the student from CMU 's campus about 2.5 hours northwest of Detroit on Wednesday evening , then drove her to a home where he bound and sexually assaulted her , the sheriff 's department said in a news release . After the attack , Ramsey put the woman back in the car , grabbed two cans of gasoline and began driving again , it said . When he told the woman he was going to kill her , she jumped from the car and ran to a nearby residence , where she knocked on the door and yelled for help , the release said . A 14-year-old boy let her in and , after hearing her story , locked the woman , his younger sister and himself in the bathroom , Mioduszewski said . As the woman was calling police , Ramsey poured gasoline on the house and set it afire before fleeing , the sheriff said . Shortly thereafter , the children 's father returned home and doused the fire , which caused no serious damage , Mioduszewski said . Police soon caught up with Ramsey , who led them on a chase through two counties , during which he rammed a state police trooper 's car , stole a sanitation truck and rammed two more vehicles , police said . "  It 's been real , bro , wish I could have hung with you once last time . Love you , brother , " Ramsey allegedly posted to a friend 's Facebook page around 1 a.m. Thursday , as the chase was continuing . A couple of hours later , after hitting a deputy 's car head-on , Ramsey posted his final words , the sheriff said . Soon after , he was fatally shot by a deputy . "  We owe it to the public to find out what was the cause of this , " Mioduszewski said Friday . Police are meeting with friends and family to determine what was going on in Ramsey 's life , he said . Philadelphia Girl recovering after abduction by woman	"  It 's been real , bro , wish I could have hung with you once last time , " Eric Ramsey allegedly writes Ramsey led police on a chase after abducting and assaulting a university student , officials say Suspect was shot dead
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former linebacker Junior Seau 's family sued the National Football League on Wednesday , claiming his suicide last May was the result of a brain disease caused by violent hits he endured playing the game , the lawsuit said . Last year , Seau , 43 , committed suicide in his bedroom in Oceanside , California , with a gunshot wound to the chest , prompting speculation about whether repeated hits to his helmet over his 20-year pro career could have been a contributing factor . Earlier this month , Seau was determined to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a neurodegenerative brain disease that can follow multiple hits to the head , the National Institutes of Health said . The lawsuit , filed in San Diego County Superior Court , accuses the NFL and helmet manufacturer Riddell Inc. of wrongful death , but does n't specify a figure for compensatory and punitive damages . The suit also alleges fraud , negligence and concealment . The NFL could not be immediately reached for comment . Riddell Inc. has not yet seen the lawsuit and said it was n't appropriate to comment on pending litigation , the firm said in a statement . "  We are confident in the integrity of our products and our ability to successfully defend our products against challenges , " the company said . The lawsuit was filed by Seau 's children -- sons Tyler , Jake and Hunter and daughter Sydney , all of California -- and Gina Seau , who is the mother of Jake and Hunter , both of whom are minors . Junior Seau 's estate also is a plaintiff . "  We were saddened to learn that Junior , a loving father and teammate , suffered from CTE , " the family said in a statement . "  We know this lawsuit will not bring back Junior . But it will send a message that the NFL needs to care for its former players , acknowledge its decades of deception on the issue of head injuries and player safety , and make the game safer for future generations , " the family said . More than 1,500 former NFL players are suing the NFL , alleging the league hid the dangers of concussions from them . Seau was one of a string of NFL players -- along with Dave Duerson , Shane Dronett and Ray Easterling -- who took their own lives and were later diagnosed with CTE . Not everyone who is exposed to repeated head trauma would develop the disease , experts say . CTE can result in Alzheimer 's - like symptoms such as dementia , memory loss , aggression and depression , but it can be diagnosed only after death . The suit alleges a long history of coverup by the NFL about the effects of the game 's head trauma . "  The NFL was aware of the evidence and the risks associated with repetitive traumatic brain injuries for many decades , but deliberately ignored and actively concealed the information from the players , including the late Junior Seau , " the lawsuit said . "  Today , the NFL and its agents continue to market the ferocity and brutality of the sport , " the suit said . Seau played for the San Diego Chargers from 1990 to 2002 , the Miami Dolphins from 2003 to 2005 and the New England Patriots from 2006 to 2009 , the suit said . Seau was nicknamed the "  Tasmanian Devil " for his on-field prowess . "  He was known as a warrior , the invincible patriarch who could be depended on to play through his injuries , " the suit said . Seau suffered sub-concussive and concussive blows to the head in the NFL , sometimes lacerating his face , court papers said . During the mid-1990s , he began to show emotional instability and developed insomnia that afflicted him until his death , the suit said . He awoke at 1 a.m. or 2 a.m. and could n't fall back asleep . He became forgetful about discussions and appointments , and he was unable to concentrate or focus , the suit said . He exhibited "  self-destructive , aggressive and violent behavior " and suffered extreme depression , withdrawing from his family and children , court documents said . His children "  would look into his eyes and not recognize the person with whom they were now dealing , " the suit said . Off the field , his one-time ability to show good business sense dissipated , and he made "  impulsive , ill-advised decisions , " the documents said . He drank to cope , "  entered a devastating cycle of depression and alcohol abuse , " and became a manic , compulsive gambler in which he lost a "  significant amount of money in an attempt to make back business losses , " the lawsuit said . Seau 's family donated his brain to the NIH for research , and this month it released a statement saying "  abnormalities were found that are consistent with a form of  CTE  . " According to the NIH 's pathology report , five researchers -- two NIH neuropathologists and three independent experts -- examined slides of Seau 's brain , and all confirmed that there were signs consistent with CTE . None of the researchers was aware that the brain they were examining was Seau 's . In a recent study , researchers found CTE in 34 of 35 deceased NFL players whose brains were donated by family members . A brain with CTE is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau . Under a microscope , tau appears as brown tangles similar to dementia . However , the Boston study showed this progressive , tau protein array in football players much too young for a dementia diagnosis , which typically occurs in people in their 70s or 80s .	Seau became forgetful , depressed , self-destructive , prone to drinking and gambling Helmet maker Riddell is confident of "  ability to successfully defend our products " Junior Seau 's family alleges his suicide was the result of a brain disease Disease came from violent hits he sustained as a NFL linebacker , suit states
CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas was a binge drinker who had a pornography habit or fetish in the 1980s , then changed radically when he stopped drinking alcohol , his former girlfriend told CNN on Monday . Lillian McEwen , who dated Thomas for several years before he was nominated to the Supreme Court in 1991 , provided CNN 's "  Larry King Live " program with a harsh depiction of Thomas . She said when they first met , he might have been a "  raving alcoholic " who used pornography to help fulfill sexual fantasies , but then gave up drinking and transformed into an angry , obsessive man who bullied his son . King said during the program that Thomas ' office declined offers to comment on the topics of the interview . Thomas almost had his Supreme Court nomination derailed when another woman , Anita Hill , accused him of sexual harassment when they worked together in the 1980s at the U.S. Department of Education and then the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . During his Senate confirmation hearing , Thomas angrily denied any improper behavior involving Hill , calling the allegations a form of lynching . McEwen , a former prosecutor and administrative law judge who has written her own memoir and is seeking a publisher , said she believed Hill 's account of sexually suggestive statements by Thomas because of his use of pornography . "  I suppose I would call it a fetish or a hobby , " she said of Thomas . "  It was something that was very important to him , something that he talked about . " She said the pornography bored her and she would n't watch pornographic videos with him , but she also said she enabled his fantasies tied to the pornography "  because we had a sexual relationship . " "  I did n't disapprove of it . I just did n't care , " McEwen said . According to McEwen , Thomas underwent a major personality change when he gave up alcohol that eventually caused her to leave the relationship . "  Clarence became not the person I knew when I first met him , " she said , adding that he "  drank to excess " when they first met and might have been a "  raving alcoholic " at that time . When he gave up alcohol , she said , he became "  angry , short-tempered , asexual " and obsessive with ambition and what she called "  weird things , " such as long runs in the dark before dawn . Asked if she believed back then he was qualified to reach his goal of being a Supreme Court justice , McEwen said it was a difficult question and cited "  instability , " a "  lack of intellectual curiosity , " and trouble with concentrating when reading for a long time as issues about Thomas that would make it difficult to do the job . Thomas "  went backwards " during the time she knew him and became a bully to his son , McEwen said , and she added that she once turned him down when Thomas asked if he and his son could move in with her . Eventually , McEwen said , "  it was time for me to go . " Thomas is one of the most conservative justices on the nine-member Supreme Court , and is known for rarely if ever asking questions during hearings . To McEwen , his conservative rulings amount to a kind of revenge fueled by anger against liberals who he believes turned against him . "  His enemies are people who are active in civil rights , professors who have criticized him and anybody who disagrees with the conservative friends that he has such as Rush Limbaugh , " she said . McEwen had never spoken publicly about her relationship with Thomas until the recent revelation that Thomas ' wife , conservative activist Virginia Thomas , left a voicemail for Anita Hill asking her to apologize for her 1991 testimony at the confirmation hearing . According to McEwen , she was "  tricked " by a Washington Post reporter into commenting on the Virginia Thomas phone call to Hill and decided is was time to come forward with her story . Watch Larry King Live Monday through Sunday 9pm ET . For the latest from Larry King Live click here .	Lillian McEwen tells CNN 's "  Larry King Live " about their relationship in the 1980s Thomas changed after he stopped drinking alcohol , McEwen says King says Thomas ' office declined to comment on the interview with McEwen
CNN  -- Poland has expressed "  deep regret " after rioters attacked Russia 's embassy in Warsaw during Independence Day celebrations on November 11 . The public holiday marks Poland 's declaration of independence in 1918 after World War I , following more than 120 years of rule by Russia , Prussia and Austria . It fell under Soviet control after World War II until the Communist government was forced out 1989 . Warsaw police said participants in a nationalist "  Independence March " set alight a guard station at the embassy and tried to storm its gates . Marchers threw stones and fireworks at police trying to restore calm in the city , and 12 officers needed hospital treatment , police said . A total of 72 people were arrested in connection with the unrest , among them three suspected of involvement in the embassy incident . Russia said its embassy had been attacked by "  hooligans " who had pelted the mission with "  flares , bottles and stones . " In a statement , it accused Polish authorities of allowing the march to take place without adequate security . In posts on Twitter , Russia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the Kremlin had summoned the Polish ambassador over the riots and given him a protest note saying the Vienna convention had been violated , after the Russian Embassy in Warsaw "  had been blocked for hours . " Warsaw police earlier said they had deployed 3,000 officers for Independence Day . Poland 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed "  deep regret over the violent behavior and incidents that occurred near the Embassy of the Russian Federation in Warsaw . " It blamed the incident on Independence March participants , including the All-Polish Youth and the National Radical Camp . "  Such behavior directed at a diplomatic mission should be strongly condemned and is incompatible with 11 November Independence Day celebrations , " it said in a statement . Meanwhile , three people were arrested in Russia after throwing smoke bombs and fireworks at Poland 's embassy in Moscow in apparent retaliation for the Warsaw attack , according to state-run news agency RIA Novosti .	Poland expresses regret after rioters attack Russian Embassy in Warsaw Police say participants in an Independence Day march set a guard booth on fire Russian media say protesters threw fireworks at Polish Embassy in apparent retaliation Poland declared independence on November 11 , 1918 , at the end of World War I
Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova has returned to the Catalan club 's training ground just two weeks after undergoing surgery to remove a tumor from his throat . Vilanova suffered a recurrence of a tumor on his parotid gland -- located at the back of the mouth -- and was released from hospital on December 22 . The former assistant coach , who replaced Josep Guardiola in June , returned to training on Wednesday ahead of the Spanish league leaders ' derby match with Espanyol on Sunday . Vilanova also dropped in on the Catalan national team -- featuring nine Barca players -- as it prepared for a friendly match with Nigeria . Blog : Barcelona 's Vilanova coach of the year ? "  The manager ... led the team 's second training session of the year , " read a statement on the club 's official website . "  This morning , Vilanova stopped by the Ciutat Esportiva to meet with the Catalan players ahead of this afternoon 's Catalonia vs. Nigeria match . " Barca president Sandro Rosell said last weekend he hoped Vilanova would be fit to return to work in two-to-three weeks . Despite not being recognized by football 's global governing body FIFA , a squad made up entirely of Catalan players occasionally plays exhibition matches . The team , led by Dutch former Barca player and coach Johan Cruyff , was held to a 1-1 draw by Nigeria at the Camp Nou . Midfielder Sergio Gonzalez , without a club since being released by Levante in 2011 , gave the Catalan team the lead from the penalty spot after three minutes . But Nigeria earned a draw when U.S.-born Portland Timbers striker Bright Dike equalized after 55 minutes . Super Eagles coach Stephen Keshi is preparing Nigeria for this month 's 2013 African Cup of Nations in South Africa , where the two-time tournament winners have been drawn in a group with 2012 champions Zambia , Burkina Faso and Mali . Barca goalkeeper Victor Valdes picked up an injury in the match which will see him sit out training on Thursday . Vilanova 's team , under the temporary guidance of assistant Jordi Roura , is looking to continue a run which saw them pick up a record 16 wins from their first 17 league matches of the season . The Espanyol tie will see Argentine star Lionel Messi take to the field for the first time this year , after a record-breaking 2012 which saw him score 91 goals . Barca currently lead second-placed Atletico Madrid , who face Mallorca on Sunday , by nine points , with archrivals Real Madrid a further seven points back . Cruyff described Real 's start to the season as a "  failure " , while also questioning coach Jose Mourinho 's decision to drop Spanish international goalkeeper Iker Casillas . "  At this stage of the season Real Madrid being 16 points behind Barcelona can only be called a failure , " Cruyff was reported to have said by Spanish newspaper Marca . On Mourinho favoring Antonio Adan over World Cup winner Casillas , Cruyff commented : "  You do n't lose your place overnight . " Real host Real Sociedad on Sunday .	Tito Vilanova returns to Barcelona training ground after operation to remove a tumor The Barca coach had a tumor removed from his parotid gland on December 20 Vilanova visited players ahead of the match between Catalan national team and Nigeria Barca continuing their charge towards the Spanish title against Espanyol on Sunday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Amid the overwhelming flood disaster in Pakistan , the world has "  no choice but to be optimistic and to have hope " that things can improve there , actress and humanitarian Angelina Jolie told CNN Wednesday . Jolie is in the country as the personal envoy of United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres . She spoke to CNN from Islamabad after touring flood-hit areas of Pakistan , including the northwest Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region . She described meeting a couple in their 70s who live on a pension and who watched as floodwater destroyed the family home they had worked hard to build . "  The woman is so embarrassed with her situation , and the man spoke of the fact that he never felt in his lifetime he is ever going to be able to recuperate what he 's lost -- that he would never again have nice things , he would never have a nice bed , a nice house , " Jolie told CNN . "  They lived in this place since 1972 and raised their children and their grandchildren there . And in a moment , a few hours , it was completely gone . " She said the area the couple lived in is now covered in mud and dirt , with feces in the fly-covered river nearby , all because of the floods . "  It does n't have the dignity that they deserve to live in -- anybody deserves to live in , " Jolie said . The couple lives in the village of Mohib Banda , where some 70 percent of the homes were destroyed or badly damaged by the swirling floodwater , according to the UNHCR . The death toll in the country has climbed to 1,738 , the Pakistan Disaster Authority said over the weekend . Almost 21 million people have been affected by the flooding , Valerie Amos , the new U.N. emergency relief coordinator , said Monday . Water-borne illnesses from contaminated floodwaters have erupted nationwide . At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections , and about 65,000 cases of malaria have been reported . Jolie 's visit is intended to highlight the suffering of the millions of flood victims and the need for continuing aid for the displaced . One reason relatively few people have paid attention to the suffering in Pakistan , Jolie said , may be disaster fatigue . She pointed out Pakistan has endured several disasters in recent years , including an earthquake in 2005 that killed more than 70,000 people . "  We tend to focus on one issue at a time , because that seems to be what people can absorb and care for , " she said . She added that it 's difficult to convey the story of the disaster in Pakistan , and that even she had no idea what she would face . "  When I was standing in one of the houses , it was nine feet tall , the water . It was not a flood that made everything wet for a  while  . It washed away children right out of their parents ' hands . It destroyed lives . " Jolie said she would want people to remember this : "  They are people . They are family , and lovely , lovely , hard-working people and beautiful children , and they deserve dignity and assistance , and we have to treat them with respect and try to preserve what we can of their livelihood and their future . " The Pakistani people are resilient and will move on , Jolie said , but she urged international support to help them do that . "  I think we have no choice but to be optimistic and to have hope , " she said . "  I think without that , we are just lost , and things deteriorate . "	Jolie is in Pakistan as the envoy to the U.N. high commissioner for refugees She toured flood-hit areas of Pakistan , including the northwest Almost 21 million people have been affected by the floods
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Videos of the chaos and horrified reactions after the July 7 , 2005 , London transit bombings were shown to jurors Thursday in the trial of three men charged with conspiracy in the case . Smoke and dust fill the platform area at Liverpool Street Station on July 7 , 2005 , after a bomb exploded . One of the videos shows the explosion of a train seconds after it leaves the Liverpool Street Station heading for Aldgate East . As dust and smoke fill the tunnel , people on the platform rush away , and police head toward the blast . Another shows bystanders running and ducking for cover after one of the bombers detonated his rucksack on the No. 30 bus . Riders on a nearby bus jump from their seats . Four bombs were detonated on underground trains at Liverpool Street , Russell Square and Edgware Road , and on a double-decker bus at Tavistock Square . Fifty-two people and the four bombers were killed , and at least 900 people were injured . Watch commuters flee as the bombs explode " Links to the edited videos were posted on the Web site of London 's Metropolitan Police , and were played in Kingston Crown Court where Mohammed Shakil , 31 , Waheed Ali , 24 , and Sadeer Saleem , 27 , are accused of aiding the bombers A series of videos show three of the bombers -- Siddique Khan , Shehzad Tanweer and Jermaine Lindsay -- practicing their moves in various locations on June 28 , 2005 . The fourth bomber was Hasib Hussain . One video shows Tanweer and Khan meeting Lindsay outside Luton Station , where the three linger near the ticket counter and one of them stands in line . Security cameras also captured images of the three men at other blast locations . Two weeks after the July bombings , an attempted second wave of bombings struck other trains and a bus , but the devices failed to explode properly . More than a dozen people were arrested afterward . Metropolitan Police said some clips were not released , to protect the identities of members of the public . E-mail to a friend	Jurors see video evidence in the trial of three men charged with conspiracy One video shows explosion seconds after train leaves Liverpool Street Station Videos also show three of four suspects in London transport bombings
TUSKEGEE , Alabama  CNN  -- A trip through sweltering Alabama to experience some of the civil rights movement 's most important sites brought history books to life for my family and me . A marker shows the 54-mile route from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama , that voting rights marchers took . The road trip , with my wife and 14-year-old son , was an extraordinary experience , and not only because I 'm African-American . As an American , it was inspiring to experience the places where people fought and died for equality and the right to vote . Many of the places we visited are maintained by the National Park Service , which has made an extraordinary effort to preserve pivotal places related to the movement . When you think of national parks , great natural attractions like Yellowstone or the Grand Canyon come to mind . But the National Park System has also preserved and restored many living history sites from the civil rights movement . We started our road trip at Moton Field in Tuskegee , the site of one of the early battles in the civil rights movement . In the 1940s , the U.S. government trained the nation 's first black military aviators at Moton in what it labeled a military experiment . Before that time , African-Americans "  were believed to be incapable of flying complex combat aircraft , " Park Ranger John Whitfield said . Watch more on Moton Field " The aviators were trained in every aspect of their combat aircraft , from flight to maintenance . They made their mark during World War II by not losing a single bomber to enemy fire in more than 200 combat missions -- a record unmatched by any other fighter group . Moton Field was declared a historical site in 1998 , and the National Park Service has gone through painstaking efforts to restore and rebuild its hangars and outbuildings , which were used by more than 15,000 men and women from 1942 to 1946 . iReport.com : Share your meaningful road trips The site now offers only a small visitor 's center in a temporary trailer as construction and restoration are completed . The "  Tuskegee experience , " as park rangers call it , will officially open in October , when Hangar One , and eventually Hangar Two , will be retrofitted to look as they did when the facility was in full operation in the 1940s . Moton field is a little over three miles from Tuskegee University , the only college campus in the country with a national park . The park includes The Oaks , home of university founder Booker T. Washington , and a museum that houses the work of the renowned slave-turned-scientist George Washington Carver . We browsed the various artifacts and exhibits that outline the life and scientific work of Carver , who is well known for the hundreds of uses he found for the peanut . My family and I learned that Carver was an accomplished painter who made his own paints from red Alabama clay . We grabbed lunch at Taliaferro 's , just off Tuskegee 's main square , which takes its moniker from the middle name of Tuskegee University 's founder . The restaurant offers a buffet of Southern favorites like okra , macaroni and cheese , banana pudding and peach cobbler at low prices . The fried chicken and "  mean greens " are listed in "  Alabama 's 100 meals you should eat before you die " brochure . The chicken certainly lived up to the brochure 's claim . It 's a 38-mile ride to Montgomery , where we visited Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church , which is the only church where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. served as senior pastor . Amazingly , the church literally lies in the shadow of the Alabama State Capitol , the very building where lawmakers passed segregation laws . Entering the church basement , we could visualize protest strategy meetings for the Montgomery bus boycott or the voting rights march that King presided over in this very room . The church is still home to a congregation of about 300 and is very active in Montgomery 's community . Driving down U.S. Highway 80 , now the historic National Voting Rights Trail , we thought about the 15,000 people who walked the same 54-mile route in 1965 from Selma to Montgomery , protesting Alabama laws that prohibited African-Americans from registering to vote . In between Selma and Montgomery , we discovered the Lowndes County Interpretive Center , which stands where a "  tent city " once stood to support the marchers in 1965 . Watch more on the center " A 20-minute film about the march , told by people who took the journey , moved us to tears . We toured the interactive exhibits to learn more about the protest , the challenges and the hurdles African-Americans had to conquer for their constitutional right to vote . At the center , and at several museums during our trip , we met volunteers who were participants in the voting rights movement who gave us first-hand accounts of their experiences . See photos from the trip " Joe Glover , a volunteer at the center , said he was a resident of the tent city as a 15-year-old . He said that in retaliation for participating in the voting rights march , his family was kicked off a plantation where they share-cropped . "  I love sharing my experience with young people by letting them know how important it is to get an education and what their foreparents and other people shed their lives and blood for in order for them to have a right to vote , " Glover said . We ended our road trip in Selma by crossing the infamous Edmund Pettus Bridge . There , on March 7 , 1965 , protesters demanding their right to vote met a wall of state police armed with bully clubs and cattle prods . The protest was the first of three attempts to march to Montgomery and came to be known as Bloody Sunday . We are thankful for the sacrifices of those who crossed the bridge in 1965 and regretful for those who do n't take advantage of their right to vote .	First stop provided early peek at Tuskegee Airmen site , which will open in October Tuskegee University museum houses work of scientist George Washington Carver In Tuskegee , Taliaferro 's offers tasty , reasonably priced buffet of Southern favorites During trip , those who experienced civil rights movement gave first-person accounts
CNN  -- Dav Pilkey 's "  Captain Underpants " series was the most challenged book of 2013 for the second year in a row , according to the American Library Association . Pilkey , author of the illustrated adventures of two fourth-grade pranksters , was one of eight repeat authors on the list of most frequently challenged books in schools and libraries in 2013 . Each year , the association 's Office for Intellectual Freedom compiles a list of the top 10 most frequently challenged books as part of Banned Books Week , which runs from September 21 to September 27 . The goal of Banned Books Week is to celebrate the freedom to read and highlight the pitfalls of censorship . A challenge is defined as "  a formal , written complaint , filed with a library or school requesting that materials be removed because of content or appropriateness , " according to the American Library Association . The number of challenges only reflects incidents reported , and the organization estimates that for every reported challenge , four or five go unreported . 40 must-read titles to feed your YA book addiction The annual event started in 1982 , the same year the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that students ' First Amendment rights were violated when Kurt Vonnegut 's "  Slaughterhouse-Five " and eight other books were removed from school libraries . Despite the legal precedent , schools and libraries still receive formal challenges to remove books from library shelves or nix them from reading lists to protect children from material that some see as inappropriate . Have you read any of these books ? Tell us in the comments what you think of efforts to ban them .	Dav Pilkey 's "  Captain Underpants " series tops list of most challenged books again Sherman Alexie , Toni Morrison and John Green are other repeat authors on top 10 list "  A Bad Boy Can Be Good for a Girl " by Tanya Lee Stone appears for first time on list List of challenges compiled as part of Banned Books Week
CNN  -- Canada 's Supreme Court has struck down the country 's laws about prostitution . While selling sex for money is n't illegal in Canada , until Friday 's 9-0 ruling , three specific laws had made it difficult for prostitutes to more safely and securely engage in sex work . One of the laws prohibited anyone from operating a brothel . Another forbade people from earning a living working for a prostitute , such as being a driver , bookkeeper or bodyguard . Another law reportedly made it illegal to communicate in public about acts of prostitution . On Friday , Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin said that the court 's decision would be "  suspended for one year " until Parliament amends the laws . McLachlin said the time should be allotted because "  the regulation of prostitution is a complex and delicate matter . " According to the Toronto Star , if 12 months from now the federal government has not redrafted legislation , then prostitutes will be allowed to legally work , hire drivers , bodyguards and accountants , and screen their clients . The law 's purpose "  is to target pimps and the parasitic , exploitative conduct in which they engage , " the court said Friday . "  The law , however , punishes everyone who lives on the avails of prostitution without distinguishing between those who exploit prostitutes and those who could increase the safety and security of prostitutes , for example , legitimate drivers , managers , or bodyguards . . . The living on the avails provision is consequently overbroad . " On another matter , the law on prohibiting soliciting was designed "  not to eliminate street prostitution for its own sake , but to take prostitution off the streets and out of public view in order to prevent the nuisances that street prostitution can cause , " the high court found . CNN affiliate CBC News , citing a criminologist , said Parliament could criminalize the sale or purchase of sex and choose to regulate where prostitution can occur . Parliament also could do nothing , in which case the provinces and municipalities would likely develop their own provisions , CBC News said .	Canada 's Supreme Court justices voted unanimously Ruling pertains to prohibitions on brothels , profiting from the act of prostitution or talking about it Canadian lawmakers have one year to redraft laws , justice said
CNN  -- The jubilation over the freeing of three women and a girl from their alleged captivity in Cleveland is quickly giving way to a serious question : Did Cleveland police miss clues ? How could Amanda Berry , Georgina DeJesus and Michelle Knight remain captive for about decade in a densely populated area within a few miles of where each of them disappeared ? The women were freed this week with the help of neighbors . The man who lived in the home where the alleged captives were found , Ariel Castro , was charged Wednesday with four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape , Cleveland chief assistant prosecutor Victor Perez said . Prosecutors are not pressing charges against Pedro and Onil Castro , who were also arrested along with their brother Ariel , with Perez saying there 's "  no evidence " that they were complicit in the case . Neighbors say they had called police about suspicious activity at the home in the past . Cleveland police deny that , issuing a statement Wednesday saying that a "  thorough review of police communications records " show no such calls ever took place . Police say they went to the address once in 2000 , before the alleged kidnappings , when Castro reported a fight outside his home , and in 2004 , after two of the three women had disappeared . The latter visit was unrelated to the kidnappings , police said . Child services requested that visit to investigate a complaint that Castro had left a child alone on a bus during the time he worked as a bus driver . No one answered the door at the home , and investigators later interviewed him elsewhere , police say . Martin Flask , director of public safety for the city , later told reporters that "  there is no evidence to indicate that any of them  the women  were ever outside in the yard in chains , without clothing or any other manner . " Timeline : From missing to liberated Neighbors say they reported suspicious activity Neighbor Nina Samoylicz says that in July 2010 , she and her friends saw a naked woman in the backyard of Castro 's home . They said something to her , and Castro "  told her to get down . So we said something to him . He told her to get in the house , " and then he went inside as well , Samoylicz said . "  We called the cops , " she says . "  They thought we were playing and joking ; they did n't believe us . " But Faliceonna Lopez , Samoylicz 's sister , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " Tuesday night that they called their mother , not the police . Their mother , Annita Lugo , did not contact authorities because , she said , she did n't know what to do . Within a week or two after they saw the naked woman , tarps went up , shielding the backyard from onlookers , Nina Samoylicz said . Samoylicz also said she saw a girl who would sit looking out an open window until Castro would come along and board it back up . Sometimes the girl played at a nearby park by herself . "  My cousin one day said something to her . She said she 's waiting for her dad and then she pointed to  Castro  . And she ran up to him , and gave him a hug , and they left . " Neighbor feels ` fooled ' by abduction suspect Police say the girl is Berry 's daughter . News reports say another neighbor called police after seeing a woman through an attic window of the home , which Castro never allowed neighbors to enter . And another neighbor , Israel Lugo -- Annita Lugo 's brother -- says he called police in 2011 when he heard yelling in the Castro home . Officers came a half-hour later , knocked on the door about 20 times over a 10-minute span , then left after no one answered the door , Lugo says . Yet Cleveland police took to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon to dispute such claims . After an "  extensive " look at its records , Cleveland police said there were no calls to the Castro house "  for women held or women banging on windows . " While denying any tips in the past , authorities are reaching out now to try to get more information about Ariel Castro and his home , in the hopes it can help their investigation . "  We continue to ask the community to send tips and information -- to say something if you see something . We can not do this alone , " police said in a statement after the women were freed . Some people in the neighborhood , including Charles Ramsey , the man who helped free the alleged captives , say they do n't recall seeing anything suspicious at Castro 's home . But legal analysts are taking the police to task . If someone really heard screaming and police simply knocked on the door and left without further investigation , then "  law enforcement clearly dropped the ball , " attorney Lisa Bloom said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  It was almost like a Keystone Cops situation , " prominent attorney Mark Geragos added . "  There 's got to be much more to this story . Given my experience in handling criminal cases , I ca n't believe that we 're not going to find in the days ahead or the weeks ahead much more that unravels about this that blows your mind . " Deputy Police Chief Ed Tomba , at a press conference Wednesday , said investigators over the past 10 years have often asked themselves whether they missed a significant angle . The answer , he said , is no . "  I 'm just very confident in the ability of those investigators and those law enforcement officers that they checked every single lead and if there was one bit of evidence , one shred of a tip , no matter how minute it was , they followed it up very , very aggressively . " CNN 's Tory Dunnan contributed to this report .	NEW : Ariel Castro is charged with kidnapping , rape ; his brothers are not Nina Samoylicz says she saw naked woman in 2010 ; police were n't called , neighbors say Another neighbor , a relative of Samoylicz , says he called about screaming in the home Police say they have no calls about banging , women being held , naked women
CNN  North Korea responded harshly to a United Nations draft resolution referring the reclusive regime to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity , promising that such a move would prompt it to conduct more nuclear tests . A U.N. General Assembly committee Tuesday voted in favor of the draft resolution condemning the country 's human rights record and calling for "  targeted sanctions . " Before the vote , Choe Myong Nam , North Korea 's representative at the U.N. , issued a familiar warning , saying that seeking to punish the country on human rights "  is compelling us not to refrain any further from conducting nuclear tests . " "  The reality is the need for us to maintain powerful state capability in order to defend our people 's human rights , " he said . "  The outrageous and unreasonable human rights campaign staged by the United States and it followers in their attempts to eliminate the state and social system of the  North Korea  is compelling us not to refrain any further from conducting nuclear tests . " The 111-19 vote , with 55 abstentions , is merely a recommendation . The General Assembly does not have the power to refer the regime or its leader , Kim Jong Un , to the ICC . The non-binding measure will come up for a vote by the General Assembly in December . The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council , a 15-member body charged with maintaining global security . The five permanent members at the core of the Security Council , including China and Russia , wield veto powers . Opponents of the resolution -- including China , Russia and Cuba -- said the measure was politically manipulated and would set a precedent for other nations to be targeted in the future . The North Korean representative told the U.N. gathering Tuesday that the resolution "  provoked confrontation " and "  failed to reflect the reality on the ground . " China is likely to use its veto against the resolution . Chinese officials have repeatedly said efforts to send North Korea 's leadership to the ICC "  wo n't help improve a country 's human rights condition . " North Korea 's longtime ally has never wavered in its support for Pyongyang . North Korea 's leaders have been accused of employing murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence and mass starvation to prop up the isolated regime and exercise total control over its citizens . North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses in the country , and has accused the United States and its allies of seeking to discredit and overthrow the North Korean leadership . North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' In February , the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea published a 400-page report documenting widespread torture and abuse , and called for urgent action , including the referral of its findings to the ICC for possible prosecution . Last month , U.S. military officials said they believe the North Koreans have the capability to mount a nuclear warhead on an intermediate or long-range missile . If true , it represents a significant increase in North Korea 's quest for a long-range nuclear weapon . Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti , commander of U.S. Forces Korea , said he believes the North Koreans have the "  capability " to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile , but stressed they have not tested any such device . In April , North Korea announced that it would n't rule out "  a new form of a nuclear test " to strengthen its nuclear deterrent capabilities . Experts have speculated that that could refer to the testing of a uranium bomb . The regime in Pyongyang is known to have conducted three previous tests , all of them believed to be based on plutonium . The most recent one took place in February 2013 . Opinion : Stop romancing North Korea Kim Jong Il 's former bodyguard tells of beatings , starvation in prison camp Opinion : Moment of truth for North Korea over human rights	U.N. committee favors draft resolution referring N. Korea to Intl. . Criminal Court The vote is merely a recommendation The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council
CNN  -- MTV is hoping to give its get-out-the-vote campaign a viral boost with an online game , inspired by fantasy sports , that rewards players for participating in the 2012 elections . Gamers will rack up points in "  Fantasy Election ' 12 " for registering to vote , watching debates and publicly supporting candidates with transparent fundraising records and who refrain from political mudslinging . "  This can be can be a crash course in what people should demand from those pursuing the privilege of elected office , " said Jason Rzepka , MTV 's vice president of public affairs , who revealed details about the game to in advance of its Tuesday launch . As in fantasy football or baseball , "  Fantasy Election " is an online social game in which participants strategically build virtual teams of candidates and compete against other players from around the country for glory and prizes . Players can "  draft " any candidate running for the U.S. presidency , the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives . To encourage players to select honest , inspiring politicians , the most valuable candidates will have measurable integrity as well as strong poll numbers . Each candidate 's "  value " will be an aggregation of several key data points from specific partners : ● Polling data from poll aggregator , RealClearPolitics.com . The longer a candidate is winning his or her race , the more points they 'll earn . ● A transparency fundraising score from the Center for Responsive Politics , which publicizes campaign contribution and spending data . For instance , Ron Paul would score well in this category , given that he famously tried to disclose every single campaign expenditure -- even a 22-cent purchase at FedEx . ● Frequency of social media engagement on Twitter and Facebook . ● Declaring their stances on Project Vote Smart 's "  Political Courage Test , " which "  measures each candidate 's willingness to provide citizens with their positions on key issues . " ● Discussing substantive issues rather than airing "  uncivil , personal ads " , as ranked by the Wesleyan Media Project , which houses a public database of information on the "  content and targeting " of broadcast television advertisements from around the country . "  There 's a lot of young people who are at the beginning of their civic career , " says Rzepka . "  When you 're 18 and you 're voting for the first time , you do n't necessarily know what you deserve from a politician . " He says he hopes the game will instill the habits of good citizenship among young voters . Additionally , MTV hopes that highlighting the most virtuous political candidates will re-energize young citizens , many of whom are disheartened by the sputtering economy and a perception among some voters that President Obama failed to meet the high  and perhaps unrealistic  expectations they had for him . According to Gallup , the so-called Millennial generation -- mostly people now in their twenties -- are the only age group to show a significant drop in whether they "  care a good deal who is elected president next year , " from 81 % in 2007 to 69 % in 2011 . Russell Dalton , a political science professor at the University of California , Irvine , credits distrust in government with the substantial percentage of Generation Y citizens who would rather spend hours creating a viral campaign video than cast a ballot . "  I think because of their cynicism and lack of control , they would rather do something direct , " said Dalton , author of "  The Good Citizen : How a Younger Generation Is Reshaping American Politics . " "  The paramount objective -LSB- of the game -RSB- is to get young people to register to vote , " said MTV 's Rzekpa . Being a savvy spectator wo n't be enough to win the game , he says . Players will need to keep abreast of the latest news , register to vote via a streamlined application on the Rock the Vote website and exert subtle peer pressure on their fence-leaning friends . They also earn points by checking in at town halls and voting stations via Foursquare . The details of the game wo n't be finalized until the private beta launch around June , but Facebook is the likely hub of "  Fantasy Election . " The invite-only beta will give MTV 's "  Fantasy Election " team some room to tweak the game before its public debut in late summer or early fall . Rzepka expects MTV will leverage "  hundreds of thousands of dollars " in prizes to fuel sustained enthusiasm for the game . Big-ticket items will likely be a coveted invitation to the network 's annual Video Music Awards or an invitation to an inaugural ball next January in Washington . Columbia University political science professor Daniel Green says he 's skeptical that "  Fantasy Election " will motivate young people who are not engaged with the political process . He believes face-to-face interactions are the most effective way to increase turnout and that the game 's success will depend on whether its players experience the same kinds of emotions via Facebook as older generations do through real-life conversations . "  To people who are really only distantly connected , I 'm not sure the blandishment of Facebook wall posting would necessarily be all that influential , " Green said . But for someone 's inner circle of close friends , "  Facebook could be quite powerful . " Even if MTV ca n't make Generation Y a huge voting bloc , Rzepka believes the network can still be influential . "  We 're not going to solve the problems we face with voting alone , " he said . "  If we as MTV can get them -LSB- young citizens -RSB- when they 're 18 and when they 're 22 , they are a long way on their way to being active and informed participants in our democracy from now on . "	MTV to launch game that rewards players for being informed about the 2012 elections "  Fantasy Election , " will measure each candidate 's "  value " via an aggregation of data points MTV hopes that highlighting noble political candidates will inspire young citizens to vote
London  CNN  -- Gareth Williams , the MI6 codebreaker found dead inside an externally locked bag in his apartment in 2010 , was probably not killed as previously believed , London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday , citing a lack of evidence otherwise . Taking a different position from a coroner 's report last year that said it was likely someone killed Gareth Williams , London 's Metropolitan Police said its three-year investigation suggested that Williams most likely locked himself inside the large bag . Read more : Coroner finds spy likely suffocated or poisoned "  We believe that it is a more probable conclusion that there was no other person present when Gareth died , " Deputy Assistant Commissioner Martin Hewitt said . But the Met said that despite its investigation , there remained insufficient evidence to be definitive on how Williams died . "  There are holes in what we understand about the circumstances of Gareth Williams ' death , " Hewitt said , admitting that some of the evidence is "  odd . " This includes the lack of Williams ' DNA on the padlock used to lock the large red bag his body was found in and the lack of hand prints on the edge of the bath where it was found , he said . "  What we are left with is either individual pieces of evidence , or a lack of such evidence , that can logically support one of a number of hypotheses , " Hewitt said . The case has gripped the British public since Williams , known for his mathematical genius and code-breaking talent , was found dead at age 31 in August 2010 . Among the theories aired by UK media were that Williams might have died at the hands of foreign intelligence agents or as a result of a kinky sexual encounter gone wrong . Added to that speculation was the discovery of women 's clothes , wigs and cosmetics in Williams ' apartment . At the inquest into his death last year , coroner Fiona Wilcox shot down that speculation , saying she thought Williams bought them out of an interest in fashion , rather than any sexual motivation . Read more : Mysterious spy death grips Britain Other reports about the "  body-in-a-bag spy " detailed how two experts spent days trying to figure out whether Williams could have contorted himself in such a way as to lock himself into the North Face holdall bag , with a key to the padlock inside . Video of two experts trying to recreate the scene was showing to the court . One had tried 300 times without success , but neither ruled out definitively the possibility Williams could have somehow done it alone . "  It is now proven that it is theoretically possible for a person to lock themselves in that exact holdall , with the same type of lock , and in the configuration in which Gareth was found . It is important to note that this fact was found to be a possibility by the inquest , " Hewitt said . Meanwhile , family members suggested Williams had been murdered by killers versed in the "  dark arts " of espionage . Referring to speculation that Williams ' flat might have been forensically cleaned by unknown people responsible for his death , Hewitt said Wednesday that a deep-clean would have removed all traces of Williams ' DNA as well that of visitors to his flat . He said 10 to 15 traces of DNA had been found that were too insignificant to use to build a full profile and said advances in forensic science could "  present opportunities for progress . " For the time being , however , there are "  no active lines of enquiry that it is proportionate to pursue . " Williams ' family expressed their regret that mystery still surrounds his death but said they agree with the coroner 's verdict "  on the basis of the facts at present known . " "  We are naturally disappointed that it is still not possible to state with certainty how Gareth died and the fact that the circumstances of his death are still unknown adds to our grief , " they said in a written statement . The family reiterated their disappointment that Williams ' employers at MI6 had not checked on his welfare when he failed to attend work on August 16 , 2010 . Williams was finally reported missing by a co-worker on August 23 , more than a week after the normally punctilious employee had last shown up at work . "  We believe that if proper steps had been taken in the same manner as any reasonable employer would have undertaken , further information relating to the cause of his death might have become apparent and not have been lost due to the length of time before Gareth 's body was found , " they said . The family also noted that the Met 's investigators "  were at last able to interview directly members of  UK intelligence agencies  GCHQ and SIS . " Addressing media , Hewitt disputed a suggestion that police had been "  blindsided " in their investigation by intelligence agencies but acknowledged that their method of interaction had improved during the investigation . "  We did n't get it right at the beginning , " he said . Initially , he said , the only Met officers to deal with the intelligence agencies were those in SO15 -- or counterterrorism command . The SO15 officers had assessed Williams ' vetting and personnel files and found nothing relevant to the case . After the inquest , the senior investigating officer in the case personally requested and was granted access to the files and came to the same conclusion , Hewitt said . "  The investigation into Gareth 's death will remain under review , and any new significant information or evidence will be robustly investigated , " he said . "  If it is possible for us to give his family more answers we will do so . "	MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams ' body was found locked in a bag in his apartment in 2010 A coroner 's inquest into his death concluded it was likely someone had killed him But Scotland Yard says it thinks it 's most likely no one else was involved in Williams death However , it says there remains insufficient evidence to be definitive on the case
CNN  -- Despite below-freezing temperatures , divers searched two bodies of water in central Maine on Friday , looking for signs of a toddler last seen more than seven weeks ago . Authorities said there was no initial indication that Friday 's search led to the discovery of anything related to Ayla Reynolds ' disappearance . They added that more searches could be forthcoming . "  If we do n't find anything that can be attributed to Ayla today , we 'll be back again some other day -- maybe someplace else , " said Lt. Kevin Adam of the Maine Warden Service . Ayla 's father , Justin DiPietro , told police he put his then-20-month-old daughter to bed at 8 p.m. December 16 in the first-floor bedroom of their Waterville , Maine , home . He called police the next morning , just before 9 a.m. , to report her missing . Police have said the three adults in the home that night told them "  someone snuck into the house , went into the bedroom where Ayla was sleeping , and no one heard or saw anything . " Yet authorities said days ago -- and Maine Department of Public Safety spokesman Stephen McCausland reiterated Friday -- that there is no evidence of any break-in or kidnapping . "  We still think they know more than what they 've told us , " McCausland said Friday . "  We have grave doubts that an abduction ever took place there . " No arrests have been made related to Ayla 's disappearance , and no one has been identified as a suspect . Nor has there been any public indication of where the girl may be , with McCausland saying authorities are branching out to cover as much area as possible in a hunt for clues . Friday 's search of part of the Kennebec River , near the Carter Memorial Bridge , and Messalonskee Stream , near the North Street bridge , is part of that effort . Both bodies of water had been looked at before , though Adam noted that the divers returned because "  we did n't search them to the amount that we wanted to last time . " He explained that inclement weather prompted divers to twice cancel new searches . Conditions were better Friday , though the area the divers could safely cover was still restricted by daytime temperatures that were below freezing . "  It 's not like diving down in the Keys , " Adam said , noting that divers are underwater for only about 20 minutes at a time . "  It 's 20 degrees out there , and the water is freezing . So it just takes time . Plus , it 's dark . " Testing on blood found in the basement of Ayla 's home determined that some of it belonged to the girl , McCausland said Sunday . A website created by Ayla 's family disclosed the police findings in a posting that same day , saying investigators told them the blood found was "  more ... than a small cut would produce . " Earlier Sunday , McCausland said that while some of the blood found "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't . " DiPietro , Ayla 's father , sleeps in the basement of the home , which is owned by his mother . He has said that he would never do anything to harm his daughter . "  I have to believe that Ayla is with somebody , and I just want that person to find the courage to do the right thing and find a way to return her safely , " he said in a statement issued soon after the girl was reported missing . When asked Friday about communication between authorities and Ayla 's family , McCausland said , "  There has been contact this week , and we hope that contact will continue . " The state spokesman noted authorities have received more than 700 tips , admitting that the pace has slowed down in recent days . The fears of a worst case scenario are increasing , as time passes , he acknowledged . "  It 's been 48 days , and our concern grows every day , " McCausland said . "  But we remain hopeful that we 're going to find her . "	Ayla Reynolds was 20 months old when she was reported missing in December Divers search two bodies of water near her central Maine home An official say divers did n't appear to find any clues , while promising more searches
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A "  lost " Beatles track recorded in 1967 and performed just once in public could finally be released , according to Paul McCartney . Beatles Paul McCartney , left , and Ringo Starr , right , with Yoko Ono and Olivia Harrison . "  Carnival of Light " -- a 14-minute experimental track recorded at the height of the Beatles ' musical experimentations with psychedelia and inspired by avant-garde composers such as Karlheinz Stockhausen -- has long been considered too adventurous for mainstream audiences . In an interview for BBC radio , McCartney said his bandmates and their producer George Martin had vetoed its inclusion on the exhaustive 1990s "  Anthology " collection , according to UK 's The Observer newspaper . McCartney confirmed he still owned the master tapes , adding that he suspected "  the time has come for it to get its moment , " The Observer reported . "  I like it because it 's the Beatles free , going off piste , " McCartney said . Almost everything recorded by the Beatles from their early days in Liverpool and Hamburg to their break-up in 1970 has been released to meet insatiable public appetite for anything to do with the legendary Liverpool quartet . In the 40 years since its recording , "  Carnival of Light " has acquired near mythical status among Beatles fans who argue that the existence of the track provides evidence of the group 's experimental ambitions beyond their commercially successfully pop career . The improvised work features distorted electric guitars , discordant sound effects , a church organ and gargling interspersed with McCartney and John Lennon shouting random phrases like "  Barcelona " and "  Are you all right ? " McCartney would need the consent of Lennon 's widow , Yoko Ono , and George Harrison 's widow , Olivia Harrison , to release the track .	Paul McCartney ponders releasing "  lost " Beatles track , "  Carnival of Light " 1967 recording long considered too experimental for mainstream audiences Track has acquired mythical status among Beatles fans Track features discordant sound effects , church organ , gargling , shouting
CNN  -- British Airways confirmed the emergency landing of an A321 last month after the pilots complained of feeling lightheaded and put on their own oxygen masks . The flight bound for Glasgow , Scotland , on December 20 returned to London 's Heathrow Airport shortly after takeoff , said airline spokesman Richard Goodfellow . Airline engineers checked the aircraft after landing and dismissed the possibility of contaminated air in the cockpit , Goodfellow said . He would not comment on the cause of the incident while an national investigation is ongoing but said , "  We believe it was an isolated incident . " Reports of the incident surfaced over the weekend in the British press after passengers apparently posted details on a flight-oriented website . A senior flight attendant was called to the flight deck about 20 minutes after takeoff and alerted by the pilots that they were using their emergency oxygen supply , Goodfellow said , disputing reports that the pilots needed flight attendant assistance to put on the oxygen . "  The pilots followed the flight procedures they were highly trained for , and the flight landed without incident , " he said . After a safe landing , the 116 passengers were placed on a new flight with an entirely new crew , he said . The pilots were examined by an airline doctor but were not hospitalized . The plane was returned to service .	Pilots on a December flight felt ill and put on their oxygen masks The Glasgow-bound flight returned to London British Airways says the incident was not caused by contaminated air
Vladimir Putin delivered a lump of coal in the Kremlin 's stocking this year when he announced Thursday that he has canceled holiday vacations for members of the government . Russia 's President delivered the bad news at a December 25 meeting he convened of his government , but for those thinking that his timing was merely the diabolical twist of a maniacal scrooge , Christmas is celebrated in Russia on January 7 , the traditional date in the Eastern Orthodox Church . "  The Government and its various structures can not afford such extensive holidays , at least not this year , " Putin told government ministers in a speech broadcast on state television . "  You know what I am talking about . " He was talking about Russia 's battered economy . "  We have been making efforts to change the structure of our economy , to refine it and make it more innovative ... quite a lot has been done in this direction , " he said . "  However , recent events show that this is not enough . " It was a change in tone from just a week ago , when Putin largely blamed the West for Russia 's woes , even suggesting a U.S.-Saudi conspiracy theory to bring down oil prices at his annual press conference . At Thursday 's meeting , however , the President admitted at least some fault "  The difficulties we have come across are not only of an external type . They are not only due to some sanctions or limitations caused by the global market situation -- they are also the result of our own shortcomings that have piled up over the years . "	Vladimir Putin says government can not afford to take holiday vacation this year President says economic woes not just the fault of the West Russia 's battered economy ` also the result of our own shortcomings '
When teenage girls check out Seventeen magazine , they 'll be getting the complete picture -- no ifs , ands or Photoshopped butts about it . That 's the pledge the magazine 's staff made in its latest edition , after a push led by a Maine 14-year-old to combat the practice of tweaking pictures and picking models whose appearance give teens an unrealistic perspective on what is beautiful . "  We vow to ... never change girls ' body or face shapes .  Never have , never will  , " the magazine states as part of its "  Body Peace Treaty " from its August edition , a copy of which CNN obtained Thursday . The treaty and accompanying note by editor-in-chief Ann Shoket promise that Seventeen will "  celebrate every kind of beauty " and feature "  real girls and models who are healthy , " while vouching that the magazine always has done just that . But the more than 84,000 people who signed a Change.org petition , started by teenager Julia Bluhm , clearly believed Seventeen and other publications did n't always present the full , unvarnished truth . "  Those ` pretty women ' that we see in magazines are fake , " the petition said , in requesting "  one unaltered -- real -- photo spread per month . " "  They 're often Photoshopped , air-brushed , edited to look thinner and to appear like they have perfect skin . A girl you see in a magazine probably looks a lot different in real life . " Retouching photographs is nothing new -- especially in magazines and , increasingly , on the Internet . Adobe Photoshop and other digital image manipulation programs are widely employed by professionals and everyday users . The petition claims that disseminating such altered images to impressionable teens can pose a real danger , helping to spawn a culture that touts unrealistic beauty and contributes to eating disorders , extreme dieting , depression and more . On YouTube , teens ask the world : Am I ugly ? "  I know how it affects girls and ... my friends , " Julia told CNN in May , shortly after meeting with Shoket and presenting the signatures to her . "  We do n't realize it sometimes when we 're just looking at the magazine and having fun . It can lower self-esteem . " But not all teenage girls think retouching photographs is a problem . Alexis Jones of Alpharetta , Georgia , said Thursday she 'd worry that , if magazines portrayed young women who were overweight or had acne as being beautiful , some girls may think it 's OK to live an unhealthy lifestyle . In fact , she feels making models ' bodies thinner and their skin clearer can serve as positive motivation for people to take better care of themselves . "  Some people use that ideal image as motivation to get fit , eat healthy and stuff , while some use it as a crutch , " said the 18-year-old , a rising freshman at Georgia State University . "  You just have to be strong-minded . " In addition to going "  more public " in its commitment , Seventeen states in its latest edition it is partnering with the National Eating Disorders Association and the Commission for Positive Images of Women and Girls . The magazine 's treaty also vows it will "  be totally upfront about what goes into our photo shoots " and it understands that , "  regardless of clothing size , being healthy is about honoring your natural shape . " "  We vow to ... give you the confidence to walk into any room and own it . Say bye-bye to those nagging insecurities that you 're not good enough or pretty enough . " Even as she pushed another petition urging Teen Vogue to make a similar public pledge , Julia celebrated the proposals made by Seventeen . " ` Seventeen ' listened ! " she said in an update of her online petition . "  They 're saying they wo n't use Photoshop to digitally alter their models ! This is a huge victory , and I 'm so unbelievably happy . " The magazine said that it will continue make small changes to photos , like erasing a stray hair or changing background colors , even as it insists it still wo n't make big changes to a person 's body or face . Yet by not taking any responsibility for having presented anything but "  authentic " beauty in the past , the magazine "  does n't really address  the  criticism " from many that it has n't always lived by those rules , said former model Jenna Sauers . "  Seventeen essentially says that it 's never had any issues with the way it 's Photoshopped ... celebrities and models but that , just to be on the safe side , it will continue not altering the bodies of the people photographed , " said Sauers , a contributor to the female-focused , commentary-driven online magazine Jezebel.com . "  It seems like 84,000 people who signed that petition seem to be of the opinion that there were some issues . " Sauers said photo-editing tools have "  made it incredibly easy to alter all kinds of things about image including body shape , size , skin color , skin tone , to erase wrinkles . And sometimes the effects are downright creepy . " The practice is widely used , and accepted , in the fashion and magazine industry -- such that many people now almost assume that most any image of a beautiful person is somehow doctored , Sauers told CNN . "  We 've gotten used to the idea over the past 10 years or so that every single image we see in a magazine , particularly in women 's magazines , is going to be an altered , hyper-real , impossible idealized version of how that person actually looks , " she said . Empowering young girls online "  For young girls , that 's not a healthy visual culture to be growing up in . " New York-based celebrity publicist Marvet Britto said on HLN 's "  Evening Express " that magazine editors generally are "  not selling reality , they 're selling where the consumer desires to be . " "  As much as we would like to think that  media would show  a more diverse array of the American public to young girls , that 's simply not going to happen , " Britto said , asserting you 'll find "  pretty much the same type of individual " on covers of magazines such as Seventeen . Emma Stydahar -- a teen activist affiliated with Spark , a movement devoted to ending "  the sexualization of women and girls in media " for whom Bluhm has blogged -- acknowledged on HLN that altered images are widespread and do negatively affect girls . Still , she expressed excitement about Seventeen 's new public declaration and anticipation that it will spur other publishers to follow suit . And if it does n't , she promised , young women such as she and Julia Bluhme will keep pushing to affect change . "  I definitely see that in the future , " Stydahar said . "  I know that , myself personally and my co-workers at Spark will not change until this capitalization off of young woman 's body image stops . " What do you think about excessive editing in commercial photography ? Has it had an effect on you ? Let us know in the comments below .	Seventeen publishes a "  Body Peace Treaty " vowing to show "  real girls and models " It 's in response to a teen-led petition signed by 84,000 calling photo altering dangerous The teen behind that petition celebrates a "  huge victory " after the magazine 's announcement But an ex-model questions why the magazine did n't admit to ever seriously altering images
CNN  -- A room with a view is a perk usually coveted by travelers . So much so that one of the most famous travel romance movies of all time takes that title . But travel is also about shutting the rest of the world out , and nothing does that quite like a room without even a single window to the outside world . Here we look at a variety of viewless accommodations , from rock-carved former monastery chambers to cave camping Fred Flintstone-style . Locanda di San Martino Hotel e Thermae , Matera , Italy Shutting out the world is an ancient tradition at Italy 's Locanda di San Martino Hotel e Thermae , which pays homage to the baths , or thermae , of the Roman Empire . The spa complex , carved out of limestone rock thousands of years ago , re-creates this popular imperial pastime , with stages of water treatments , from the anti-tepidarium with its carved Medusa head to the tepidarium , hydromassage and caldarium , all meant to reduce stress and remove impurities from the body . 7 amazing island rentals Rooms at the Locanda di San Martino , in the southern town of Matera , are a mix of caves , grottos and stone structures , wonderfully silent retreats whether you use the spa or not .  But why would n't you ?  Matera , in the arch of the boot of Italy , is one of the world 's oldest continually inhabited cities . For thousands of years , citizens have lived in the hillside city , its historical ` Sassi '  or center  made of houses and caves carved into the tufa limestone . Visitors to the Locanda will find themselves wandering amid Roman , Byzantine and Baroque periods of Italy 's history . Rates start at about $ 120 for a double room . Sextantio Le Grotte della Civita , Matera , Italy Matera is home to a wealth of underground structures and accommodations . Another choice for a beautiful room without a view is Sextantio , known locally as an ` albergo diffuso , ' or diffused hotel , due to its scattered locations within a complex . Also located in the Sassi , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , the Sextantio has rooms with simple stone arches , their interiors lit in such a way that the tufa limestone takes on a warm honey-like glow . Flower-filled patios are part of the charming lodging experience , where breakfast and other meals are served splashed in Italian sunlight . Summer in the Park : Cuyahoga Valley Daniela Giardinieri , of Paradise Possible travel agency , works with the hotel and also recommends visitors see the nearby Camerano Caves . Though you ca n't stay in them , "  they keep many secrets " and her tours through the more than 1 kilometer of tunnels include underground churches , bas-relief decorations and rooms that might have been used by free masons . Rates starting from about $ 265 . matera@sextantio.it Grand Canyon Caverns Suite , Arizona For a more rugged cave sleeping adventure , try the Grand Canyon Caverns Suite . Billing itself as "  the world 's largest , deepest , darkest motel room , " the underground accommodation is tucked away 220 feet below ground , shaped by millions of years of history . The Cold War added another chapter to the caverns ' long story when in 1962 , during the Cuban Missile Crisis , President John F. Kennedy made the 65-million-year old caves into a bomb shelter stocked for 2,000 people to survive for more than a month . Today , visitors can stay in the Cavern Suite , which is part of a 48-room no-frills motel . The suite consists of a platform in a hulking limestone cave outfitted with beds , a living area and bathroom . It 's so deep underground and devoid of natural light that nothing lives in the caverns , not even a bat or a mouse . The largest dry cavern in the United States , the air is filtered and virtually moisture-free due to the limestone setting . This unique sleeping arrangement does n't come cheap : The Cavern Suite is $ 700 a night as a double , $ 100 for each extra person . 928 422-4565 Argos in Cappadocia , Turkey Turkey seems to specialize in this kind of accommodation , and one of the most interesting underground dwellings is Argos in Cappadocia . This 53-guest room hilltop hotel complex is built into a series of caves , underground tunnels and other ancient structures once used by monks and early Christians . Some of the underground rooms are outfitted with ethereal cave pools , and there are above ground options if you 're claustrophobic . The whole area looks like something out of a fairy tale with unusual chimney rock formations making sharp peaks over short bases that might remind you of the Seven Dwarves , if the Wicked Witch had turned them to stone . More than five kilometers of caves and underground tunnels lead through Old UÃ § hisar Village , where the hotel is located . With a vineyard on the hotel grounds , there 's never a shortage of wine for guests lounging underground . Doubles from about $ 240 for basic rooms to about $ 1,802 for a special room with its own pool , with discounts available for early booking or multiple night stays . aic@argos.com.tr Cumberland Caverns , Tennessee Imagine a giant underground living room complete with its own crystal chandelier . That 's what you 'll find at Cumberland Caverns . The chandelier is an elegant touch to an otherwise primitive underground experience . Up to 250 people can camp inside the caves , bringing their own equipment or using air mattresses and other items management can provide . Bathrooms , a snack bar and other amenities mean you wo n't be completely roughing it . Overnighting in the cave starts at $ 40 per person and includes a tour and breakfast . The giant caverns were discovered in 1810 by surveyor Aaron Higgenbotham who wandered into them , getting lost for days when the torch he was carrying went out . Today , campers and explorers can find such enormous spaces as Hall of the Mountain King , Devil 's Quarry , Grand Hall , Waterfall Room and the Volcano Room , all part of a complex that stretches for more than 30 miles underground . Many people come for the day , exploring and staying above ground nearby . Or make it an event with the once a month Bluegrass Underground concerts , recorded for a local radio station and seen on PBS . No matter the season , the Cumberland Caverns are a cool , year-round 56 degrees . Desert Cave Hotel , Coober Pedy , South Australia Some places are literally underground jewels , and that 's the case with the Desert Cave Hotel in Coober Pedy , the opal mining capital of the world . It is so hot in the Australian Outback that many people retreat underground , and the town has underground shopping , dining and accommodation complexes -- even subterranean churches . The Desert Cave Hotel was specially built to mimic this local way of living under the ground , its walls chiseled out of the sandstone . Located just off the Stuart Highway , Coober Pedy might not be as familiar as other popular Outback locations , but that does n't mean you have n't come across it . The town was one of the locations for the Oscar-winning Australian movie "  Priscilla , Queen of the Desert . " Underground and above-ground rooms are available . Rates start at about $ 240 . reserve@desertcave.com.au Seven Springs Lodge , Tuscumbia , Alabama You may not have heard of the town of Tuscumbia , Alabama , but you certainly know its most famous native , Helen Keller . The Seven Springs Lodge is in this northeastern Alabama town , not far from her homestead Ivy Green , one of the town 's most visited sites . At the lodge , your unusual room with no view is an above-ground alternative to many of the cave dwellings mentioned so far . Here , you can bunk in a converted grain bin outfitted with bedrooms and a living room . The bathrooms are located in a smaller grain bin between the two bunkhouse silos . These rotund rooms might not have a great view , but the surroundings are spectacular , set in the green foothills of the Appalachian Mountains . Seven Springs is likely to appeal to travelers who have a sporting side , who might fish in the stream fed by the seven springs , go hunting in the nearby woods , or explore on horseback . If the silos are full , the complex also includes camp sites , most with full electric , water and sewage hookups . The town also has a rich musical tradition , and is home to the Alabama Music Hall of Fame . Staying in a silo will cost you $ 75.00 per night for 2 people and $ 20.00 per additional person . Call three days in advance to reserve a horse . 256 370-7218	Cave hotels , whether deluxe or rustic , make for a unique lodging experience In Italy , limestone rock houses several underground hotels In the Australian Outback , underground dwellings provide relief from the heat
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man accused of playing a role in the 1968 hijacking of a Pan Am flight from New York to Puerto Rico was arrested Sunday , federal officials said . Luis Armando Pena Soltren surrendered to federal authorities at New York 's JFK International Airport . Luis Armando Pena Soltren , 66 , surrendered to federal authorities at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after exiting a flight from Havana , Cuba , officials said . It 's the same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago . He flew to New York under the custody of State Department diplomatic security personnel , said a law enforcement source and a senior State Department official . Authorities did not offer additional details about Soltren 's arrest . Soltren "  will finally face the American justice system that he has been evading for more than four decades , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . According to a December 1968 indictment , Soltren and three others -- Jose Rafael Rios Cruz , Miguel Castro and Alejandro Figueroa -- conspired to hijack Flight 281 on November 24 of that year . They were accused of bringing concealed guns and knives aboard and using them to take over the flight . Crew members told authorities at the time that the armed suspects forced their way into the plane 's cabin and ordered the crew to fly to Havana , according to court documents . Cruz and Castro were sentenced in the 1970s after pleading guilty in U.S. District Court in New York . They received 15-year and 12-year sentences , respectively . Their current whereabouts were not immediately known . Figueroa was acquitted in 1969 . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum , Carol Cratty and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Luis Armando Pena Soltren , 66 , surrenders to federal authorities at JFK Airport It 's same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago Indictment : Soltren , three others conspired to hijack Flight 281 in November 1968 U.S. official : Soltren "  will finally face the American justice system "
CNN  -- On the day one of two suspects in his wife 's death was arraigned , a deployed Marine said Thursday he was devastated but wanted to ensure her death was not in vain . "  My wife , Brittany , was beautiful beyond words and her murder has left me devastated . My duty to her memory is now to ensure her good reputation remains intact , and help law enforcement and prosecutors secure justice for the person or persons who took her away from me , " Lance Cpl. Cory Killgore said in a statement . Marine Staff Sgt. Luis Ray Perez , 45 , was arraigned on a suspicion of murder charge in San Diego County , California , in the death of Brittany Killgore , 22 . He pleaded not guilty , according to CNN affiliate KGTV . Perez was with Brittany Killgore on April 13 , the last time she was seen alive , according to authorities . Brittany Killgore had recently filed for divorce from her husband , who was serving with an artillery unit in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , investigators said . He was granted an emergency leave to return to the United States when he learned his wife was missing . "  Brittany 's death can not be in vain -- at this point , I do n't know how to use this tragedy for good , but others have found their way and I hope to do the same , " Cory Killgore said . Prosecutors said the victim was to go out to San Diego 's Gaslamp quarter with Perez , who is based at Camp Pendleton , and a female friend , who decided not to go . "  Brittany sent a text message , in distress , asking for help , shortly after the point in time when Mr. Perez was with her , " Deputy District Attorney Patrick Espinoza told KGTV . Perez was questioned after a friend filed a missing person report for Killgore , officials said . He was charged last week with two felonies unrelated to Killgore 's death , receiving stolen property and possession of an assault weapon , and he has pleaded not guilty , authorities said . Authorities last week charged Jessica Lynn Lopez , 25 , with first-degree murder in connection with Killgore 's death . She has pleaded not guilty . If convicted , Lopez would face 25 years to life in prison . Investigators on April 17 found Killgore 's body in a rural part of neighboring Riverside County . Authorities have not said how she died or what they believe links the suspects with her death . Lopez 's relationship to Killgore has been unclear . KGTV in San Diego reported that authorities found Killgore 's body based on leads stemming from Lopez 's arrest .	Marine sergeant pleads not guilty in woman 's death Authorities have said he was with Brittany Killgore when she was last seen alive Killgore 's body was found in a rural area ; authorities have n't said how she died
CNN  When we asked our viewers to tweet their questions about the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 , we received hundreds of responses . We put them to our experts and here are answers to six of the most interesting ones . 1 . " Does the rate of descent tell you anything ? If co-pilot was determined to crash , why would he set it so slow ? " 2 . "  New cars can stop themselves before a crash . Why is n't there tech to prevent a plane from landing anywhere but the runway ? " 3 . "  Why do n't we have live cameras on planes , so when we detect something wrong , we can help the innocent and take over and help ? " 4 . "  Is there a possibility the plane was hacked , and that the co-pilot was framed ? " 5 . " -LSB- The -RSB- plane was presumably full of fuel , why was n't there a fiery explosion upon impact ? Does the wreckage show any burn marks ? " 6 . "  What about under the influence of medication or other drugs ? How often do they go through drug screening ? "	CNN received hundreds of questions about the Germanwings plane crash Reporters and experts responded with answers to the most interesting ones
Tokyo  CNN  -- An environmental group on Monday urged the incoming Japanese prime minister to delay the start of school near a nuclear plant crippled by a massive earthquake and tsunami six months ago . Fukushima city schools are scheduled to reopen Thursday . The March 11 disaster triggered the worst nuclear crisis since Chernobyl , as cores overheated and spewed radioactive material into surrounding areas . Greenpeace said the government 's decontamination plan is lacking , adding that its team found average radiation doses remained high in areas decontaminated by the government . Areas where local communities had conducted further cleanups contained decreased radiation levels , the group said in a statement . "  No parent should have to choose between radiation exposure and education for their child , " said Kazue Suzuki , Greenpeace Japan nuclear campaigner . A foreign affairs spokesman said it was premature to ask the incoming prime minister to delay school . "  Mr. Yoshihiko Noda was just elected as Democratic Party leader . He has not assumed the post of prime minister yet , therefore he can not comment on this , " said Kazuhiro Kawase , the spokesman . Japan 's ruling party on Monday picked Noda , the finance minister , as its new leader , bringing him a step closer to becoming the prime minister . Parliament will vote Tuesday on whether he will assume the position of prime minister -- the country 's sixth in five years . Japan has launched a sweeping review of nuclear power since the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi , which displaced more than 100,000 residents .	Fukushima city schools are scheduled to reopen Thursday Greenpeace says the government 's decontamination plan is lacking Japan has launched a sweeping review of its nuclear power
CNN  -- The company that makes some Uncle Ben 's products says it is recalling bags of flavored rice after people developed flushing and rashes after eating one of the rice varieties . The affected products , known as Uncle Ben 's Infused Rice , are sold in 5 pound and 25 pound bags through wholesale distributors , said Mars Foodservices , the company that produces them . The recall does n't involve Uncle Ben 's brand products sold in supermarkets -- such as ready to heat , boxed , bag or cup items -- which are manufactured separately , the company said in a statement . Mars Foodservices said it found out last week that some people at three Houston schools had "  experienced allergic-like symptoms of mild flushing and rash " after eating Uncle Ben 's Mexican Flavor Infused Rice . At that point , the company said , it decided to remove all its infused riced products from the supply chain . "  Our network of distributors , brokers , and sales associates immediately started notifying their customers and collecting the product , " Mars Foodservices said . But the company found that "  a limited amount " of the rice is on sale through websites and at some wholesale stores . "  Therefore , we initiated the voluntary recall to ensure that anyone in possession of the product is aware that it should not be served or eaten , but returned to where it was purchased , " Mars Foodservices said . The company said it is "  continuing to work closely " with the Food and Drug Administration to investigate the matter . Besides the Mexican flavor , Uncle Ben 's infused rice comes in roasted chicken , pilaf , saffron , cheese , Spanish and garlic and butter varieties .	The flavored rice products are sold in large bags through wholesale distributors The recall does n't involve Uncle Ben 's brand products sold at supermarkets People at Houston schools developed mild flushing and rashes after eating the rice The manufacturer says "  a limited amount " of the rice is on sale online and at wholesale stores
Atlanta  CNN  -- About 2.5 million young people have received health insurance coverage as a result of health care reform measures that President Barack Obama signed into law last year , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Wednesday . The Obama administration trumpeted the figure as a sign that the controversial legislation is succeeding . About 2.5 million more people , aged 19 to 25 , have health insurance than had it before the law took effect because of a provision that lets young adults remain on their parents ' insurance plans through age 26 , the agency 's National Center for Health Statistics said . "  Moms and dads around the country can breathe a little easier knowing their children are covered , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement . Young adults have traditionally been the age group least likely to have health insurance , the Department of Health and Human Services said . The policy extending dependent coverage up to age 26 took effect for plan renewals beginning in September 2010 . The new estimates show that by the following June , the percentage of insured young people in that age group rose from 64 % to 73 % , Health and Human Services said . Based on census figures , that percentage change equates to about 2.5 million young people , the agency said . Obama signed the health care reform package into law in March 2010 after the legislation made it through Congress with no Republican support . GOP leaders argued the bill creates a government bureaucracy , burdens small business owners , and will prove costly . The measure involving coverage for dependents up to age 26 has generally not been a source of dispute . "  This is the result of a bipartisan policy change that was also in our alternative -- there was no reason it had to be enacted as part of a job-killing government takeover of health care , " Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , said Wednesday . CNN 's Josh Levs and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The provision was also supported by GOP , a John Boehner spokesman says The measure covering dependents up to 26 generally has n't been a source of dispute The new law lets people stay on their parents ' health insurance through age 26 Young adults are traditionally least likely to be insured , the government says
In North Korea 's utopian society , the very words "  human rights " do not need to exist -- because it 's so perfect , the regime maintains . The North Korean regime controls and monitors the usage of the very words . The concept is not even taught . I had never even heard of the term "  human rights " when I was in North Korea . It also strongly denies the existence of the political prison camp system throughout the country . It maintains this position even though I was born in the most infamous , political prison camp in North Korea : Camp 14 . Even now , there are people who are born into a life of an inmate in a political prison camp . North Korea also denies committing human rights violations , threatens and intimidates defector activists working to raise awareness of human rights issues , and attacking and criticizing those who have testified during the United Nations Commission of Inquiry 's investigation , calling these defectors "  human scum . " North Korea has also launched personal attacks on me , labeling me "  human scum " and releasing a statement that my testimony is all based on lies . The dictatorship in North Korea has never been honest or truthful for more than six decades it has been in existence . Could North Korea change ? The North Korean dictatorial regime should not just emptily deny that these political prison camps exist . If they are truly honorable and fair they should immediately allow an international inspection delegation , comprised of myself and organizations such as Amnesty International or Human Rights Watch , or the United Nations , to be able to conduct on-the-ground visitations to the political prison camps . These delegations must include political prison survivors like myself and other defectors . Only recently did they concede that "  labor detention centers " exist , but solely for the incarcerated to have their lives improved "  through their mentality and to look on their wrongdoings . " Earlier this year , the UN published a report on the human rights situation in North Korea , through the Commission of Inquiry that was established last year . It was followed by a special North Korean human rights side event during the recent UN General Assembly in New York in which U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , the newly appointed UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , and the Foreign Ministers of Japan and South Korea demanded improvements in North Korea 's human rights record . To counter this , and perhaps fearing a challenge to its stability and of losing the initiative , the regime adamantly opposed and obstructed any discussions at the UN of a resolution regarding its rights record , as well as the issue being brought up at the Security Council . I believe ultimately the regime is using diplomatic tactics to deflect pressures from the international community regarding its nuclear ambitions , missile tests and human rights violations . Regime travels freely as North Koreans starve Some say that the most recent actions and conciliatory gestures on the part of the North Korean regime can lead to the revival of six-party talks and progress on the nuclear issue . But these talks have happened many times before , and the regime still goes ahead and conducts nuclear tests in a bid to become a nuclear power . This has showed the abject failure of the objectives of the six-party talks to denuclearize the peninsula . Even if negotiations were to be restarted , the attitude of the regime must change first -- most importantly by ceasing its provocative behavior . PHOTOS : The scale of North 's camp system However , though there may be a temporary détente in tensions if the regime were to participate in restarted talks , it would be difficult to expect a fundamental change in attitude on the part of the North Korean regime . Also , the human rights issue must be on the same level as the nuclear issue and dealt with together , and for this to happen , the human rights issue must be included as an integral part of six-party talks . The international community must show continued interest and become actively involved . The dictator 's family travel freely , while ordinary North Koreans can not enjoy any freedom of travel . People are dying of hunger while the North Korean dictator wastes money on building a useless golf course and earns money from Western tourism , which both angers and saddens me . The dictatorship in Pyongyang says its citizens chose the system in North Korea through their own will and that they are happy . But there is no place , no country on this Earth where the people would knowingly choose a system that starves and kills its own citizens and be happy . Footnote : The North Korean government website Uriminzokkiri released videos about Shin Dong-hyuk this week , calling his testimonies lies . The video featured a man , Sin Kyong Sop , whom Shin recognized to be his father . In the video , which has English subtitles , Sin denies they lived at a prison camp . In response , Shin Dong-hyuk released this statement : "  My only ` sin ' against the North Korean dictator is that I told the entire world about the suffering of the political prison inmates in the political prison camps . My only ` crime ' against the dictator is that I escaped from the political prison camp . I love my father . Through this , I seek my father 's forgiveness . The dictator is holding my father hostage . No matter what the dictator does to my father , they can not cover my eyes ; no matter what the dictator does , they can not cover up my mouth . "	Shin Dong-hyuk was raised in a political prison known as Camp 14 He has been labeled as "  human scum " by North Korea North Korea denies human rights atrocities , existence of political prison camps where he was born
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Galaxy beat the Houston Dynamo 1-0 in the Major League Soccer final Sunday , in what could be David Beckham 's last significant game on U.S. soil . The Galaxy entered the final match , which was on their home turf in Carson , California , as the clear favorite . The squad has n't lost this year at The Home Depot Center , and overall have won 19 games , tied 10 and lost five . The Dynamo , meanwhile , finished second in the Eastern Conference having won 12 games , tied 13 and lost nine . Yet while the Houston squad had strong players like Brian Ching and Brad Davis on its roster , they could n't match the star-power of the Galaxy . That included U.S. national team stalwart Landon Donovan , Irish forward Robbie Keane and Beckham . The sole goal of the game came in the 72nd minute . Beckham flicked a header to Keane who passed the ball to Donovan -- who , in turn , sent it past Dynamo goalkeeper Tally Hall . It was the Galaxy 's third MLS title , and Beckham 's first . Beckham has been a global soccer icon for years , inspiring the movie , "  Bend It Like Beckham " and starring for years with Manchester United , Real Madrid and the English national team . He 's also been a hot item off the field , as the husband of former "  Spice Girl " singer and fashionista Victoria Beckham . In 2007 , he signed on with Major League Soccer -- a surprising move to some , given that he then was still considered one of the world 's best players and the U.S. league 's quality was considered inferior to many others worldwide . Beckham said then that he hoped to help build the sport 's standing in the United States and the league 's profile internationally . His $ 32.5 million contract is set to expire at year 's end , and Beckham recently told CNN that he is still weighing where , if anywhere , he will go next . Clubs rumored to have shown interest in him include European teams Tottenham Hotspur , Paris Saint-Germain and Queens Park Rangers . "  People say I 'm coming to the end of my career , which at 36 years old you usually are , " he said last week . "  But it 's always nice to be wanted , and to be wanted by some of the biggest clubs in Europe still . " Beckham added that , at season 's end , he plans to talk through his next steps with his family -- considering , among other factors , his health and "  what I think I can still achieve . " Beckham hoped to have an answer possibly before Christmas . He also expressed his desire to somehow be part of the 2012 Summer Olympics , either as a player , "  an ambassador for the Olympics " or simply a fan . "  To be a proud Englishman , to get the Olympics in a part of London where I grew up , it was something that I loved being part of , " Beckham said . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	The Galaxy entered the game as the clear favorite The sole goal came in the 72 minute Beckham 's contract expires at the end of this year Referring to other teams ' interest , he says , "  It 's always nice to be wanted "
FLINT , Michigan  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama Monday proposed spending billions to revitalize the nation 's economy , a plan the campaign of his likely Republican opponent said would slow economic growth with higher taxes . Sen. Barack Obama wants to spend $ 60 billion on America 's infrastructure . During an economic speech in Flint , Michigan , Obama promised to spend billions to improve America 's education , infrastructure , energy and health care systems . To improve America 's competitiveness , the senator from Illinois said he wants to spend $ 10 billion on childhood education , $ 150 billion over 10 years on developing alternative energy and $ 60 billion over 10 years to build "  21st century infrastructure . " Obama said he would pay for these programs by ending the war in Iraq , reducing government waste , charging polluters for greenhouse gas emissions and ending the Bush tax cuts for wealthy individuals . During his speech in Michigan , a state hard hit by the decline of the American automobile industry , Obama also rejected protectionist trade polices that many unions say would help protect American jobs , saying "  it is impossible to turn back the tide of globalization . " Watch Obama call for America to compete in the global economy " Obama said he disagreed with those who want to "  build a fortress around America ; to stop trading with other countries , shut down immigration , and rely on old industries . " "  Not only is it impossible to turn back the tide of globalization , but efforts to do so can make us worse off , " Obama said . "  Rather than fear the future , we must embrace it . I have no doubt that America can compete -- and succeed -- in the 21st century . " A McCain spokesman attacked Obama 's plan , saying the Democrat 's "  agenda to raise taxes and isolate America from foreign markets will not get our economy back on track or create new jobs . " "  To help create jobs in America , we need to lower taxes and open up foreign markets to American goods , " said McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds . "  Americans can not afford Barack Obama 's ` change ' that takes us back to the failed policies of the past . " But Obama said now was the time to commit to long-term investments in America 's future and blasted McCain for wanting to continue President Bush 's economic policies , saying "  there is a clear choice in this election . Instead of reaching for new horizons , George Bush has put us in a hole , and John McCain 's policies will keep us there . I want to take us in a new and better direction . "  I reject the belief that we should either shrink from the challenge of globalization or fall back on the same tired and failed approaches of the last eight years , " he said . "  It 's time for new policies that create the jobs and opportunities of the future -- a competitiveness agenda built upon education and energy , innovation and infrastructure , fair trade and reform . " The two campaigns have been sparring over who would be a better steward of America 's ailing economy , and both candidates have been reaching out to blue-collar voters , many of whom backed Republican President Ronald Reagan over the Democrats , in part , because of cultural issues . "  I believe that there are stark differences between myself and Sen. Obama . ... And I believe that the same appeals that President Reagan made to the so-called Reagan Democrats will succeed there , " McCain said during a campaign stop in Arlington , Virginia . Watch McCain vow to win Reagan Democrats " A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Thursday suggested voters favor Obama over McCain to handle the economy 50 percent to 44 percent . The poll , conducted June 4-5 , had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Sen. Obama offers plan to spend $ 10B on schools , $ 60B on infrastructure Democratic presidential candidate would spend $ 150B on renewable energy Obama rejects protectionist trade polices , says U.S. workers can compete Sen. McCain 's campaign says higher taxes to pay for programs would hurt economy
Women lounge in designer bikinis next to glistening infinity pools . Young men race their latest Porsches and Maseratis , their wrists draped in gold jewelry . Partygoers take sips from bottles of bubbly inside plush mansions . The photos could be of the young , high-society crowd in Beverly Hills , New York or Miami . But looks can be deceiving . Meet the "  Rich Kids of Tehran , " a social media phenomenon that has attracted worldwide attention for offering a startling glimpse at the decadent lifestyle of wealthy young Iranians in one of the world 's most socially conservative countries . After launching in September on Instagram , the mobile photo-sharing platform , @RichKidsofTehran quickly amassed more than 100,000 followers by posting hundreds of pictures of fast luxury cars , house parties in gated neighborhoods and attractive young women in slinky dresses . The account , a spinoff of the original U.S.-based hit @RichKidsofInstagram , also has showcased people drinking what appears to be alcohol and young women flouting Muslim custom by not wearing hijabs , or head scarves . Alcohol has been strictly forbidden in the country since the 1979 Iranian Revolution , and laws mandate that women dress modestly and keep their hair covered with a hijab while in public -- although it appears that most of the Instagram photos were taken on private property . In a post that has since been deleted , the account 's creators defended their photos and the idea behind them . "  We have changed the way the world looks at us , " they wrote in the post , which was widely shared by media outlets before it was pulled . "  People  in Iran  do n't use camels for transportation but some choose to use ` Italian and German horses . ' "  We did not have any bad intentions and we are not against anyone . We wanted to show the luxurious side of Tehran to the world . " One social media expert has a slightly different interpretation . "  There are conservative elements in Iran that would frown upon these images because they show young people in bikinis and others drinking alcohol . What I see are images of kids who are rebelling against the social norms that they grew up with , " said Jamie Turner , co-author of "  How to Make Money with Social Media " and CEO of 60 Second Marketer . "  Instagram is really a megaphone for people in repressed social and political environments to stand up and say , ` I 'm here , I 'm alive , and I want to rebel against the social and cultural values of my parents ' generation , ' " Turner said . That megaphone was silenced somewhat when the @RichKidsofTehran account was shut down in October , just a month after it launched . Although the Iranian government has tried to block access to social media sites in the past , there 's no evidence that happened in this case . Only Instagram , or one of its users , can delete an individual account . A spokesperson for Instagram confirmed that the account is no longer active . The spokesperson would not comment further about the account and referred CNN to Instagram 's policy that includes rules against posting unauthorized photos . "  When we receive an intellectual property infringement claim from a rights ' owner , we take appropriate action , which could include removal of the content , " the policy states . But @RichKidsofTehran would not die . The original inspired a number of copycat accounts , all showing young affluent partyers purporting to live in Iran . Some of the accounts attract thousands of followers and are still active . Not long after the original account was shut down , it apparently resurfaced with a new name : @RichKidsofTeh . Its creators sent a Twitter message referring fans to the new Instagram account , which now credits the person who took the photos . Meanwhile , the identity of whoever was behind the original account remains a mystery . CNN sent messages to the email address listed on the account and received some cryptic responses . "  We are putting our lives at danger for this , " said one message . "  You can record my voice ... God knows what can happen to me , " said another , in response to a request for a phone interview . The respondent agreed to phone CNN at an appointed time , but the call never came . When CNN later sent an email asking whether the account 's creators had posted content without people 's permission , we received this response : "  You think your  sic  clever do n't you . NO COMMENT . "	"  Rich Kids of Tehran " is a popular Instagram account showing wealthy young Iranians It offers a startling glimpse at decadent lifestyles in a socially conservative country The account was shut down in October , but later resurfaced with a new name
CNN  Much of the focus in Cooper Mills Harris ' death has been on Justin Ross Harris , the father who failed to drop the toddler off at day care . The 33-year-old Georgia man faces charges of murder and child cruelty in the case , but authorities have repeatedly mentioned the actions of his wife , Leanna . She has not been charged with any crime . Leanna Harris told CNN at the beginning of the investigation that a lawyer had advised her not to speak to the media , so not much is known about her . A new set of search warrants obtained by CNN on Monday detailed authorities ' focus on computer hardware , as well as her son and husband 's medical records , but did n't shed much light on her involvement in the case . Still , questions persist . Here 's what we know about the mother whose toddler died in a hot car in Cobb County on June 18 . 1 . Who is she ? Leanna Harris is a 30-year-old dietitian licensed in Georgia and Alabama , records show . She 's lived in Georgia since 2012 . While CNN affiliates report that she worked out of her Marietta home , she is employed by DaVita Inc. , a Demopolis , Alabama-based health care firm . Before moving to Marietta , she lived in Moundville , Alabama , a town of about 2,400 people 17 miles south of Tuscaloosa , home to her and her husband 's alma mater , the University of Alabama . She moved into her Moundville home in 2007 and apparently worked at some point as a dietitian for DaVita during her time there , records show . 2 . Does she have a happy marriage ? She and Ross Harris had their eighth anniversary in May . We have n't heard from Leanna Harris , but Ross Harris told police he was happily married , according to background in one of many search warrants issued in the case . "  Nonetheless , evidence of inappropriate sexual communications with other women has been obtained , " the warrants say . In court last week , a detective alleged that while Cooper was dying in his father 's SUV , Ross Harris messaged six women , sending and receiving explicit texts -- some including nude images -- during work . One of the recipients of Harris ' messages was underage , said Cobb County police Detective Phil Stoddard . Stoddard also said that messages between Leanna and Ross Harris indicated the two were having financial problems and that Leanna had made complaints about some purchases Ross had made . He did not elaborate , but a search warrant says the two had "  outstanding student and car loans , " and Ross Harris had recently incurred about $ 4,000 in credit card debt to acquire airline miles . A friend of the couple , Winston Rowell Milling , however , told the court that things seemed normal . Milling and his wife had joined Ross and Leanna Harris for festivals , picnics , hiking on Kennesaw Mountain and other family events . Both parents seemed to have a loving relationship with Cooper , he said . More search warrants released 3 . Is she a suspect ? Leanna Harris has not been named a suspect . Officer Michael Bowman , a Cobb County police spokesman , said Monday , "  Leanna Harris has been interviewed . Detectives continue to work on the case . " Police have alleged she behaved strangely in the days before and moments after the death of her 22-month-old boy . Some actions that Stoddard said investigators found curious : • Ross and Leanna Harris took turns dropping off and picking up their son at day care , and on the day Cooper died , Leanna arrived and was told that Cooper had n't been dropped off that morning . "  Ross must have left him in the car , " she allegedly told day care employees . The day care workers told police they tried to tell her that there could be a multitude of reasons that Cooper was n't dropped off , but she insisted that Ross left him in the vehicle , Stoddard testified Thursday at a probable cause hearing for Ross Harris . Defense attorney H. Maddox Kilgore told the court that Ross and Leanna had just learned of Gov. Nathan Deal 's Look Again program , which was launched in mid-May . The program aims to "  remind parents , caregivers and the public about the dangers of leaving children unattended in vehicles . " • The defense also cited the governor 's program to explain several Internet searches Ross and Leanna Harris conducted in the days before Cooper died . Police have alleged that the couple told them they looked up how hot a car needed to be to kill a child and that Leanna specifically "  made similar statements regarding researching in car deaths and how it occurs . " The exact time frame for the alleged research remains unclear . A search warrant states that Leanna Harris told police that losing her child because he was left in a hot vehicle was "  her worst fear . " "  Investigators questioned her further about this . Leanna stated specifically that her fear was that her child would be left in a hot vehicle , not the fear of losing a child , " the warrant states . Ross Harris ' attorney said his client forgot Cooper was in the car . • Stoddard alleged that Leanna Harris made an odd remark to her husband while the two were in an interview room after Ross Harris ' arrest . Ross told Leanna that Cooper looked peaceful and said , "  I dreaded how he would look , " Stoddard said . At another point , Stoddard said , Leanna Harris asked her husband what he had said to police . "  She asked him -- she had him sit down , and he starts going through this . And she looks at him , and she 's like , ` Well , did you say too much ? ' " the detective testified . 4 . Was she called as a witness at Ross Harris ' probable cause hearing ? She did not testify , but she did attend . It 's not clear whether she 'll be called as a witness , but according to Georgia law , the state 's spousal privilege -- which protects a wife from testifying against her husband or vice versa -- does not apply here . The Georgia code says spousal privilege "  shall not apply in proceedings in which the husband or wife is charged with a crime against the person of a minor child , but such person shall be compellable to give evidence only on the specific act for which the defendant is charged . " Leanna Harris arrived before the proceeding began and took a seat with family members , holding hands with the woman sitting next to her . When Ross Harris was brought into the courtroom in his orange prison jumpsuit , she appeared to get emotional . When Stoddard began his testimony , she held the hand of another woman sitting next to her and at one point appeared to wipe away tears . She put her head down when Stoddard was questioned about Ross Harris sexting other women . Later , she looked straight ahead without expression . She hung her head again when Stoddard discussed her alleged conversation with day care workers . Leanna Harris seemed most attentive when the hearing turned to the matter of her husband 's bail . 5 . Did she speak at Cooper 's funeral ? Leanna Harris told mourners in Tuscaloosa that before Cooper 's birth , she was concerned "  about never being able to have a child . " She described the toddler as perfect and told how he changed her and Ross Harris ' lives . "  As children do , he turned our lives upside-down , " she said . "  Cleaning , changing diapers , dinner , bath time . Finally , what I would call mommy time . I would n't trade it for the world . " She said Cooper had had trouble sleeping of late , and he had slept with her and her husband the two nights before he died , "  snuggling in between both of us . " "  I remember turning over in the middle of the night . His mouth was open and his full toddler lips just breathing right into my face . I will cherish that moment forever . " She further said she was "  happy " that Cooper would miss some of life 's letdowns , including his first heartbreak , his parents ' and grandparents ' deaths and who to sit with at lunch at middle school . "  I miss him with all of my heart . Would I bring him back ? No . To bring him back into this broken world would be selfish , " she said . She closed by saying that she was n't angry with her husband and that Cooper "  meant the world " to Ross , whom she described as a "  wonderful daddy . " Death highlights key role of digital evidence ` That pain ... never goes away ' Police : Georgia mom also searched Internet on child deaths in cars 5 key questions CNN 's MaryLynn Ryan , Devon M. Sayers and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Leanna Harris ' husband is charged in the death of their son in a hot car last month A friend says the Georgia couple had a loving relationship with Cooper , 22 months A detective says police found Leanna Harris ' actions and words curious She 's not a suspect , but police have repeatedly mentioned her in warrants and in court
CNN  -- Digital cameras are now as common and affordable to the average family as the Polaroid of the '60s . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . Best thing about 'em ? You do n't even have to take your film in to the corner drugstore to get developed -- because digital cameras do n't rely on film to make their pictures "  stick . " Thanks to technology , the entire process , from clicking the shutter to printing the pictures , is now entirely within the power of the consumer . Maybe you 've taken a picture that 's just not as perfect as you 'd like it to be . Instead of being at the mercy of a darkroom-shackled photo lackey to improve upon it , you 've got more tools than ever to take it upon yourself to edit , store , organize , and share your images with the world . Here 's a roundup of 10 free , and mostly free , online tools for the budding digital photographer : 1 . Picnik -- Summed up from the site : "  Picnik makes your photos fabulous with easy to use yet powerful editing tools . Tweak to your heart 's content , then get creative with oodles of effects , fonts , shapes , and frames . " If you already use Flickr for your photos  here 's what I do with mine  , you 're only a click away from taking a Picnik . That 's how I discovered it , and it 's worked fairly well for me to this point . 2 . Splashup -- Splashup "  is a powerful editing tool and photo manager . With all the features professionals use and novices want , it 's easy to use , works in real-time , and allows you to edit many images at once . " You 'd wonder how something this extensive could be free - and it all runs within the browser . 3 . FotoFlexer -- FotoFlexer bills itself as "  the world 's most advanced online image editor . " With it , you can edit photos from Photobucket , MySpace , Facebook , Flickr , Picasa , and "  more places . " I 'm not quite sure what "  more places " means , but last I checked , this does not include a phone booth . 4 . Pixlr -- "  Pixlr is a free online photo editor ; jump in and start : edit , adjust , filter . It 's just what you imagine ! " Alexa says it 's the "  fastest growing photo editor online . " If these resources are starting to look similar to your eye , remember you do n't have to use all of them - just pick the one that works best for your needs . 5 . flauntR -- flauntR is a suite that includes the ability to edit images , add effects , add text , and print the results on everything from mugs to posters . You might be overwhelmed with the options here , but ... is n't that better than being underwhelmed ? 6 . Photoshop Express -- Adobe 's Photoshop was really the first image editor of its kind to herald in the age of digital photography , though it was designed for professionals and its endless options could be daunting  and bank - breakingly expensive  for the layman . Now , Photoshop.com is on the Web to help that very same layman -- for free or plus levels of membership -- edit , store , and share his photos . Lots of helpful tutorials promise to guide the casual user through editing pickles . 7 . PiZap -- PiZap 's tagline is "  fun with photos made easy . " It 's another flavor of photo editor/storage center that , like flauntR , allows you to print the results to mugs , bags , and t-shirts . PiZap invites developers to check out its API for more personalization options  which is usually a good thing  . 8 . Aviary -- Aviary lets you : "  edit images , create mind-blowing effects , design logos , find colors , collaborate , and more . All you need is a Web browser . " This particular brand looks to be the one to beat , as they have several different tools in development . I 'm guessing that within five years , this one is going to be at the top of every person 's list of Web-based image editors . 9 . DrPic -- DrPic says it 's "  the easiest free online picture editor " and that it has "  processed over five million pictures . " I say they 're easy enough , but not necessarily THE easiest . Everything 's relative , no ? 10 . Cameroid -- Cameroid lets you "  take crazy  or not  snaps with your webcam straight from your browser . " I featured this one in a CNN.com live video a while ago , and it certainly deserves to be mentioned again . If you 're looking for something else to do with your webcam , give it a cameroid  which is n't as painful as it might sound  . As you can see , there are plenty of options for photo editing , storing , and sharing out there . Some are going to fit your personal workflow more neatly than others , so it 's worth it to try a few and see what works best for your needs . Or maybe you swear by something that I totally missed ? Do n't be a miser - share it with the rest of the class ! We 'd love to know about it .	Tech enthusiast Chris Pirillo suggests 10 free online digital photographry tools Photographers today have more tools than ever to edit , organize and share images FotoFlexer bills itself as "  the world 's most advanced online image editor " Cameroid lets you "  take crazy snaps with your webcam straight from your browser "
REAL SIMPLE  -- One morning , nearly 20 years ago , I was lying in bed . It was late . I was supposed to be working , but I seemed glued to the mattress . I hated myself for my laziness . To enjoy being idle , you can pretend to meditate , stare at the clouds or lie in a field . And then , by chance , I picked up a collection of writings by Dr. Samuel Johnson , the 18th-century wit and the compiler of the first comprehensive English dictionary . In the book were excerpts from a weekly column he had written called "  The Idler , " in which the great man celebrated idleness as an aspiration , writing in 1758 , "  Every man is , or hopes to be , an Idler . " This was an epiphany for me . Idleness , it seemed , was not bad . It was noble . It was excessive busyness that caused all the problems ! So I got out of bed and started a magazine called ` The Idler , " in order to remind people of the forgotten , simple pleasures of doing nothing . I even wrote books about it . And , yes , you could say that idleness became my life 's work . So , based on all those years of tough-going research , here are my top tips for people who find it difficult to just be . 1 . Banish the guilt . We are all told that we should be terribly busy , so we ca n't laze around without that nagging feeling that we need to be getting stuff done . I rejected my guilt upon learning that Europeans in the Middle Ages felt no shame for lolling about . Their favorite philosopher , Aristotle , had praised the contemplative life , and the monks spent a lot of time just praying and chanting . Guilt for doing nothing is artificially imposed on us by a Calvinistic and Puritanical culture that wants us to work hard . When you understand that it has n't always been this way , it becomes easier to shake it off . Real Simple : How to worry less 2 . Choose the right role models . Most of the great musicians and poets were idlers . So feed yourself a diet of John Lennon , Oscar Wilde , Walt Whitman , and the like . Carrying a slim volume of verse in your purse or pocket can be therapeutic -- something from Keats , who wrote of "  evenings steep 'd in honied indolence , " or Wordsworth , of course .  What could be more idle than wandering lonely as a cloud ?  It 's delightful to read a few lines while you 're on a bus or a train , then stare out the window and ponder their meaning . 3 . Sketch a flower . If you are new to idling and feel compelled to be purposefully occupied , sketching a flower at the kitchen table can be an excellent way to bring some divine contemplation into your life . The act of drawing makes you observe the bloom in a way you never have before . All anxieties fly away as you lose yourself in close study . And at the end of it you have a pretty little sketch . Real Simple : 34 low-cost , make-you-smile ideas 4 . Go bumbling . Bumbling is a nice word that means "  wandering around without purpose . " It was indulged in by the poets of 19th-century Paris . They called themselves flâneurs and were said to have taken tortoises around on leads , which gives you an idea of the tempo of their rambles . Children are good bumblers . Try making a deliberate effort to slow down your walking pace . You 'll find yourself coming alive , and you 'll enjoy simply soaking in the day . 5 . Play the ukulele . The ukulele is the sound of not working . My wife hates it for that very reason : The twang of those strings means that I am not doing something useful around the house . I keep my ukulele in the kitchen and play it at odd moments , like while I 'm waiting for the kettle to boil . 6 . Bring back Sundays . Many religions still observe a Sabbath , whether it 's Friday , Saturday , or Sunday . And for a long time secular society embraced Sundays as a day of rest , too . But now Sundays are as busy and stress-filled as any other day . Having a day of rest was a very practical idea : We were excused from all labor and devoted ourselves to pleasure and family . Take that ancient wisdom to heart and declare at least one day of the week as a do-nothing day . Do n't clean the house or do the laundry ; do n't get in the car . Stay home and eat chocolate and drink wine . Be kind to yourself . 7 . Lie in a field . Doing nothing is profoundly healing -- to yourself and to the planet . It is precisely our restless activity that has caused the environmental crisis . So do some good by taking a break from "  doing " and go and lie on your back in a field . Listen to the birds and smell the grass . Real Simple : 10 guilt-free strategies for saying no 8 . Gaze at the clouds . Do n't have a field nearby ? Doing nothing can easily be dignified by calling it "  cloud spotting . " It gives a purpose to your dawdling . Go outside and look up at the ever-changing skies and spot the cirrus and the cumulonimbus . 9 . Take a nap . To indulge in a siesta after lunch is the most wonderful luxury : It softens tempers and guards against grumpiness . Yet our culture has decided that naps are for wimps . A nap is acceptable only if it is called a "  power nap " -- a short doze that is supposed to return you to the office with more energy to kick some ass . But you should nap , not for the profit of a corporation but for your own health . Research has shown that a daily snooze can reduce the risk of heart attack . And just knowing you 're going to sleep after lunch seems to make the morning less stressful . If curling up in your office is n't an option , go somewhere quiet , like a church or a park bench , and close your eyes for even just five minutes . 10 . Pretend to meditate . For us westerners , meditation is an accepted way of doing nothing . Tell everyone you 're going to meditate , then go into your bedroom , shut the door , and stare out the window or read or lie down for half an hour . You have excused yourself from household tasks and can indulge in contemplation , reflection , and that underrated pleasure , thinking , without fear of disapproval . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Writer Tom Hodgkinson learned to embrace doing nothing The first step to being idle is to banish the guilt associated with not being busy Hodgkinson also recommends playing the ukulele and pretending to meditate Choose the right role models , like Walt Whitman , to help you enjoy being idle
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrived in neighboring South Sudan on Monday for talks on unrest in the latter nation that has left hundreds dead . He flew into the airport in the capital of Juba before heading to the presidential palace to meet his South Sudan counterpart , President Salva Kiir . The two later held a joint news conference with al-Bashir stressing readiness to support South Sudan , according to the official Sudan News Agency . Al-Bashir 's visit comes as rival parties in the South Sudan power struggle work to find a solution to the violence . Meanwhile , talks between South Sudan 's government and rebels began Monday in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Those negotiations were delayed last week . "  The two delegations appreciated the gravity of the situation and the need and urgency of resolving the crisis in South Sudan . They reminded themselves of the long-drawn liberation struggle that culminated in the independence of their country . They regretted the unfortunate situation which the current conflict has brought , " read a statement from the Intergovernmental Authority on Development , an East African trade bloc helping to mediate between the parties . Talks are expected to pick up again on Tuesday . The negotiations "  come not a moment too soon , " African Union Chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said in a statement . "  Not a single day can be lost in the search for peace in South Sudan . Stopping the fighting in South Sudan is not only a humanitarian imperative but also a strategic necessity , in order to halt the rapid descent of Africa 's newest nation into collapse . " South Sudan erupted in violence on December 15 when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Since then , militia members loyal to the ousted leader have battled government forces . Violence quickly spread with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . As teams from both sides are negotiating , fighting rages . Three weeks of fighting have left more than 1,000 people dead and forced 200,000 from their homes , officials say . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war , making it the world 's youngest nation . Despite the split , al-Bashir has a stake in the talks . Though South Sudan and Sudan divorced , they still have unresolved oil issues . Prolonged fighting has cut South Sudan 's oil output , affecting both economies . Heed the warnings : Genocide and Rwanda 's lessons for South Sudan CNN 's Samira Said and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : The presidents of Sudan and South Sudan meet in Juba Talks between South Sudan 's government and rebels begin in Ethiopia South Sudan erupted into violence in a December attempted coup Violence has raged since ; both sides are now holding talks to seek a resolution
CNN  -- A colleague of mine cringes every time he 's introduced as a sports journalist . "  Please , just call me a journalist , " he said the other day . "  I do n't want anyone to think I 'm a sloppy sports reporter . I check my facts . " You see , he wants no association with the fantastical Manti Te'o soap opera . And after working as a sports journalist myself for nearly 15 years , I feel his pain . It has n't been the best year for sportswriters , who 've been caught unaware and downright out-hustled on some of the biggest sports stories : The sex abuse case of former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky sat untouched for years by sportswriters until it was uncovered by a dogged , young crime reporter , Sara Ganim  who works for CNN now  . Lance Armstrong , one of the biggest names in sports , was able to silence writers around him who whispered throughout his seven consecutive Tour de France wins that he was racing dirty . When he was finally caught by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency after the evidence and witnesses grew too loud to deny , he gave his widely watched confession to Oprah Winfrey , who is not exactly a sports insider . And now , it 's Katie Couric to the rescue , delivering the first on-camera interview with Te'o since his fake love story was exposed by the sports blog Deadspin . Maybe Couric can explain how media giants as savvy as Sports Illustrated and ESPN were conned about the Notre Dame star linebacker 's tragic tale of a beautiful girlfriend , Lennay Kekua , who slipped into a coma after a terrible car crash and later died of leukemia on the eve of one of the biggest games of the season . Despite his grief , Te'o helped lead the Fighting Irish to a 20-3 victory over Michigan State . Sounds like a perfect script for a Hallmark movie , and just as make-believe . It was not true . The girl did n't exist . According to Te'o , he 'd been catfished -- tricked by friends who played an online prank against him and made up the girl he met online and fell in love with , though they 'd never met in person . Sports journalists failed here . Failed to do their job , which is not simply to entertain fans and promote the games we love , but to inform , illuminate and deliver factual information . Call me old-school , but I think journalists owe it to readers and viewers to make certain , to the best of our ability , that the news we deliver is accurate . Does n't the public trust still matter , or , is our work just all for entertainment these days ? "  We got , got , " said Garry D. Howard , award-winning editor and chief of The Sporting News . "  This is a wake-up call for us to remember not to take shortcuts . We always have to ask tough questions and confirm all the facts ourselves , even if they 've already been reported by other media . " Howard is no lightweight . He 's mentored hundreds of sports journalists , some of the best in the business . When he was my editor at The Philadelphia Inquirer , he was constantly on my case . "  Jones , get in here , " he 'd bark at me from his office door if he found even one comma out of place in a story I 'd edited , or a fact that did n't quite add up . People lie to reporters all the time . We 're a nosy bunch , often asking questions others think are none of our business . Sometimes the questions are personal , oftentimes they are painful . I 'm sure it can get annoying . But our job is to probe . We know that politicians sometimes lie . Nice people lie . Criminals rarely admit they 've done the crime . And , yes , even star athletes have been known to exaggerate the facts . So in these multitasking times that require reporters and editors to blog , tweet , write and rush to break stories on-air , it 's also necessary to be a skeptic and remember the basics . Check everything . Working in sports is a dream job most days . We meet fascinating people , mingle with superstars , travel the world and go to games for free . And most of us actually like the people we write about , but there 's a danger in getting so close to our sources that we shy away from pushing them on the facts for fear we 'll lose a story . Asking a tough question or verifying the information through independent sources is not insulting , or insensitive , it 's our job . Just a few simple questions in the Te'o story could have sniffed out the falsehoods . There was no obituary or death certificate for Lennay . No record of any car crash . No reporter had ever met her or spoken with anyone in her family . And Stanford University had no record of her ever attending school and playing on the volleyball team , as Te'o had told reporters . Following up on these alleged facts would not have been investigative journalism , just routine fact-checking on a story that seemed innocent on the surface . I just hope Couric can help to put an end to Te'o - gate for us all . It 's time to move on to more important news . I 've got Super Bowl picks to make : I 'll take the Baltimore Ravens by 13 . Forget the facts , who cares that San Francisco 49ers are favored by 3.5 points ? That 's my fantasy and I 'm going with it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Sports reporters missed the big stories : Te'o , Sandusky , Armstrong Jones : Sports journalists failed to do their job , which is to report , not just entertain fans Jones : Just routine fact-checking on the Te'o story could have sniffed out falsehoods She says sports reporters must first be reporters , and remember public trust matters
EW.com  -- There were several jaw-dropping plot twists on the most recent season of "  Mad Men , " but the one that arguably left fans dangling the most was the exit of Peggy Olson  Elisabeth Moss  from Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce . Every other character on the show who has left Don Draper 's ad agency has either never been heard from again , or revisited in a one-off episode and then rarely to never heard from again . Peggy , by contrast , had been such an integral part of the show 's exploration of the 1960s that the thought of completely losing her â $ " and the Emmy-nominated Moss â $ " had some fans in a wee bit of a snit .  Of course , Moss ' appearance in the final moments of the season finale certainly suggested that Peggy 's story was not complete , but why let that get in the way of wild speculation ? Well , worry no more ! In an interview with TV Line , Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner makes clear that Peggy , and Moss , still have a future on the series . "  When people leave Sterling Cooper , sometimes it is the end for -LSB- the character -RSB- , " Weiner said . "  But I will spoil that one tiny piece of anticipation and tell people that Elisabeth will be showing up to work . " Weiner was n't kidding , though , when he said he 'd only spoil a tiny bit . He declined to illuminate how much Moss will be appearing in the show 's sixth season , let alone in what capacity she would be on the show .  He was clear , though , that the show will have a sixth and seventh season .  So for now , we 'll just have to let our own fertile imaginations conjure up where Peggy 's upward mobility could take her . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The exit of Peggy Olson on "  Mad Men " left fans wondering Creator Matthew Weiner makes clear that Peggy still has a future on the series He declined to illuminate how much Moss will be appearing in the show 's sixth season
CNN  -- Another week , another North Korean provocation . It might seem an understandable reaction to news Monday that North and South Korea had exchanged hundreds of shells across their western sea border . The incident occurred a day after Pyongyang had warned it was preparing to test another nuclear device , and just a week after it tested two medium-range ballistic missiles . But should the West greet such saber-rattling with a shrug of the shoulders ? After all , Western capitals have been engaging in this "  dance " for two decades , since the late Kim Jong Il took over as the country 's supreme leader . Is this latest round of provocations under his son and successor , Kim Jong Un , simply more of what we 've seen before ? Not necessarily , argue some of those closely familiar with North Korea . They warn that under Kim Jong Un 's rule , Pyongyang has shown an even greater willingness to raise the stakes , whether it be the multiple missile launches over the past several weeks , the way it stoked a crisis last spring when it announced it had ended the 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement and moved intermediate missiles to its east coast , or its warning that foreign companies and tourists in South Korea should evacuate . South Korea investigates two suspected North Korea drones More recently , in the U.S. intelligence community 's annual worldwide threat assessment , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper warned that North Korea had "  expand  ed  the size of its Yongbyon enrichment facility and restart  ed  the reactor that was previously used for plutonium production " but was shut down in 2007 . "  The regime still acts in a very belligerent manner , but it seems less predictable , and more random , " said Christian Whiton , deputy envoy to North Korea during the George W. Bush administration . Timeline : North Korea nuclear program The younger Kim  and young is the right word -- he is still only 31  took office in December 2011 , amid questions over how much control he really has over the levers of power , including the country 's military of more than 1 million people . Since then , North Korea has faced additional international sanctions after the launch of a long-range rocket in December 2012 , a move that it followed up with the country 's third nuclear test , in February 2013 . "  The timing and the intensity of North Korea 's provocations  since Kim Jong Un took office  clearly demonstrates a high tolerance for risk , " said Ellen Kim , assistant director of the Korea Chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  Since  Kim  took power he has purged almost all of his elder guardians ... and filled his surroundings with new faces . We are in a situation where we are learning about him a little bit every day through his unpredictable behavior and actions , which is why the current situation with North Korea is a lot more dangerous than before , " she said . But James Person , coordinator of the North Korea International Documentation Project at the Woodrow Wilson Center , suggested this week 's exchange of live fire is not , on its own , too troubling . "  North Korea actually warned South Korea in advance that they were going to carry out live-fire drills in seven locations . They advised the South to remove ships from the area . All of the shells fell in the water . No land or military installations were targeted , " Person said . "  This is comparatively a very mild provocation . " Person said the latest incidents might reflect North Korean frustration on a number of issues , not least the recent joint military drills between South Korea and the United States , which Person described as the largest such exercises in two decades . But most important , Person said , is concern in North Korea over the pace of improved relations with South Korea and the United States . All just guesswork ? Of course , the most oft-stated problem with speculating on North Korean intentions has been the claim that the information coming out of the country is just too limited to make any concrete assumptions . "  There are no countries as closed as North Korea . Its citizens are n't allowed to travel , and the few North Korean officials who do go abroad are closely watched . You basically have to go back to Stalin 's Soviet Union to find something similar , " Whiton said . "  This makes it difficult to collect even the most basic background information about what is going on , and recruiting espionage sources is very difficult . The regime is very good at preventing knowledge of its inner workings . " South Korea captures a North Korean fishing boat A troubling glimpse of what is going on inside North Korea came with a U.N. report released in February . In a 372-page report , the Commission of Inquiry on Democratic People 's Republic of Korea outlined claims of "  extermination , murder , enslavement , torture , imprisonment , rape ... and the inhumane act of knowingly causing prolonged starvation . " "  The gravity , scale , duration and nature of the unspeakable atrocities committed in the country reveal a totalitarian state that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world , " the report stated . Yet understanding the inner workings of the regime has proven a tougher nut to crack . This was evident in the speculation that swirled around the younger Kim when it became clear he was the most likely candidate to succeed his father ; media reports were full of chatter about whether Kim Jong Un 's time at a Swiss boarding school , and his apparent love of basketball , were an indication that he might be more friendly toward the West . China , North Korea slam U.N. human rights report Indeed , according to a leaked cable published by WikiLeaks , Japan 's intelligence community was said to have relied in part on the book of a former sushi chef for insights into the elder Kim 's behavior . Even China , the closest thing North Korea has to a reliable ally , does n't fully understand the power struggle going on at the top of the North Korean regime , suggested Minxin Pei , a leading China watcher and director of the Keck Center for International and Strategic Studies at Claremont McKenna College . The gruesome execution in December of the younger Kim 's influential uncle , Jang Song Thaek , for example , "  caught Beijing by surprise , " Pei said . But Person suggested the supposed impenetrability of North Korea might sometimes be overplayed . "  While North Korea has long defied close scrutiny , there is no void of knowledge about the country . We have much more information to call upon than most care to admit , " Person said , adding that the Wilson Center for one has spent years "  assembling and translating the diplomatic record of North Korea 's former communist allies ...  including  thousands of conversations between North Korean officials , including the supreme leaders , and foreign heads of state and diplomats . " The question confronting policymakers is whether the still inexperienced Kim Jong Un has yet mastered the implications -- and relatively safe limits -- of the brinkmanship that was practiced for so long by his father . "  North Korea is signaling that they are not shutting the door . In fact , quite the opposite is true , " Person said . "  But this is a very slippery slope -- and could easily turn nasty . " North Korea election provides clues to reclusive Stalinist state	Tensions flare again between North , South Korea Experts say West should pay attention to North Korea 's saber-rattling Kim Jong Un is still young and his actions are difficult to predict , they say
Rolling Stone  -- Jay-Z and Beyoncé ca n't trademark the name of their daughter , Blue Ivy , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has ruled , which means the Boston wedding planner Blue Ivy can continue to use the name . The superstar couple filed a petition to trademark the name "  Blue Ivy " shortly after their daughter was born in January , seeking to reserve it for use as a possible brand name for a line of baby-related products , including carriages , diaper bags and baby cosmetics . Veronica Alexandra , who started Blue Ivy in 2009 , filed her own petition to trademark the name , and the Patent Office ruling means she can use "  Blue Ivy " for event and wedding planning and related marketing and advertising . Jay-Z and Beyoncé can use the name for other potential business endeavors . "  I knew this was going to be a bittersweet roller coaster , " Alexandra , 32 , tells Rolling Stone . "  If this was n't going to work , I 'd go after both of them . Like , ` Let 's do it ! ' In my mind I had some protective rights . There 's no way by way of being a celebrity they should have entitlement -LSB- to the name -RSB- . Shame on them . " Alexandra was initially surprised to learn the famous couple had given their child the same name as her company . "  I was really blatantly shocked , " she says . "  I did n't think it was true because nobody names their daughter Blue Ivy . " Still , Alexandra , who named the company to convey romantic traditionalism , says the trademark dispute has been a blessing in disguise . "  For me it was a very large compliment , " she says . "  All in all I was extremely happy that my design capacity is pretty badass . " The entrepreneur 's main takeaway ? "  Money does n't buy everything . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Couple filed a petition to trademark their daughter 's name shortly after her January birth Wedding planner who started Blue Ivy in 2009 filed her own petition to trademark the name U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ruled Jay-Z and Beyonce ca n't trademark the name
One of the most prominent developers of the plan that could shut the government down is a little-known congressman who has been in office only eight months . This newly elected tea party aligned lawmaker downplays his position , saying he has relatively little influence . But in reality , his efforts have pushed Washington to the brink . At issue is the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare . Some Republicans are demanding that it be dismantled -- or at the very least delayed - and they think the best way to do that is attach it to a must-pass bill to fund the government . The idea has rankled Washington for more than a week and exposed fissures in the Republican Party . So who is the lawmaker quietly influencing the debate ? Sen. Ted Cruz , who staged a 21-hour talk-a-thon on the Senate floor disparaging Obamacare , would be a good guess . But it would be wrong . The persuasive The answer ? Mark Meadows , who represents the western part of North Carolina and has wielded his influence behind the bright lights of the television cameras and the hot microphones . In August , while lawmakers spent time in their districts , Meadows wrote a letter to his Republican leaders suggesting they tie the dismantling of Obamacare to the bill that funds the government for the next year . The letter read : "  James Madison wrote in Federalist No. 58 that ` the power over the purse may , in fact , be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon ... for obtaining a redress of every grievance ... ' " Meadows successfully convinced 79 of his colleagues to sign on to his letter . And he went further , leading a group of 40 lawmakers to demand that the continuing resolution , or the short-term government funding bill at issue , zeroes out funding for President Barack Obama 's signature domestic policy achievement so far . Republican divisions force delay in Boehner 's debt strategy In a lengthy interview with CNN , Meadows explained his case . "  Our intent has never been to shut down the government , " Meadows said . "  It 's to stop the -LSB- health care -RSB- law . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid called those advocating for such a plan "  anarchists . " A "  bad day for government is a good day for the tea party , " Reid said on the Senate floor last week . Meadows vs. the GOP Republican leaders in the House were reluctant and dismissed the plan -- at first . Speaker John Boehner and many Republicans believed the strategy could lead to shutdown as the Democratic-led Senate would never agree to such a plan . Additionally , leaders believed that Republicans would be blamed for a shut down . Polling backs up their concern . A recent CNN/ORC International Poll indicated that 51 % of respondents would blame Republicans . That 's a political risk that leadership did n't want to risk . Even though Meadows ' letter does n't represent a majority of the caucus , it was a factor in persuading Boehner to reverse course and put forward a plan that funds the government but defunds Obamacare . Running against politics Meadows said he understands that "  leadership has a different responsibility . " And that leadership is responsible for thinking about the party . "  This type of vote could potentially hurt our long term goals . I understand that , " he said . But he said that 's not his concern . "  My job first is to make sure I represent the people back home , " Meadows said . "  I do n't believe that when I get here that people expect me to look at the political implications . That 's for somebody else to focus on . " For him , getting rid of Obamacare is priority No. 1 . " -LSB- T -RSB- o ignore that would be to ignore our duty to represent the people back home , " he said . ` Persona non grata ' "  For me it 's about representing the 749,000 people I was elected to represent , " Meadows told CNN in his small Capitol Hill office . He said his constituents want him to fight against Obamacare "  regardless of consequences . " Meadows represents a conservative constituency . He was elected in 2012 and succeeded Democrat Heath Shuler , who decided not to run for reelection after the latest round of redistricting made the district swing heavily Republican . Meadows won by 15 percentage points . Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney won the district with 61 % of the vote , an impressive outcome in a state he won by 1 point . Exclusive : Romney disagrees with House GOP ` tactics ' on Obamacare But there 's more to the story . Meadows works very closely with the tea party groups and he is a conduit to their agenda . In fact , his catapult from local businessman to elected official was launched with the help of local tea party groups . He underwent a vigorous interview process with the North Carolina-aligned tea party groups that included an intense vetting and interviewing process . Jane Bilello , head of the Asheville , North Carolina , tea party group and its separate political action committee , said it is to ensure candidates "  truly represents who we are and what we want them to do . " Bilello is pleased with Meadows ' job performance so far . She said Meadows is "  turning out to be our poster boy . " On the issue of Obamacare , "  he truly represents us , " Bilello said . Well-funded national tea party-aligned organizations , such Freedom Works , are also watching closely . Like Bilello 's organization , they hold lawmakers accountable . Not only do they keep scorecards of how lawmakers vote on legislation , they are keeping track of what letters they sign on to and their role in every step of the legislative process . Republican leaders are well aware of the influence of these organizations . Republican Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska , who was elected in 1998 and finds himself between the new generation of tea party-aligned groups and the more traditional Republican leadership , said the tea party groups "  impacts everybody . " Billelo said that Meadows hosts conference calls with the groups ' members to explain what 's happening in Congress , including the challenges that he faces promoting their agenda . She said he told them he 's "  persona non grata " around the halls of Congress . Bilello said she and her members remind him : "  They do n't elect you . We do . " They also offer assurance : "  We have your back . We will support you , " Bilello said she tells him . Meadows relayed a similar sentiment . "  There 's nobody in Washington , D.C. , who ever voted for me and there 's no one in Washington , D.C. , who will ever vote for me , " Meadows said . "  So it 's about representing the people back home . " The non-leadership leader "  I think everybody wants me to pick a fight with leadership , " Meadows said . But he contended that he is n't about playing the rebel , but finding results . Are his tactics working ? Meadows said yes . "  The Senate for the first time is having to vote ... on Obamacare , " Meadows said . "  That 's why we had to do this . " The House has now voted 42 times on either defunding or repealing all or parts of Obamacare . Many Republicans in the Senate thought the idea was a lost cause , including Texas Republican John Cornyn , who said Friday that the strategy "  wo n't work . " The Senate eliminated the health care portion of the bill on Friday before sending a revised spending plan back to the House for consideration over the weekend . A shutdown would occur Tuesday , if there is no spending plan in place . But Meadows successfully convinced a reluctant Boehner to go along with his plan . And then after it became clear the Senate was n't going to play ball , the speaker hoped to move past the fight and pass a funding bill that would be able to pass the Senate , meaning it would n't defund health care . But Boehner 's Republican caucus , once again with Meadows in the forefront , rejected that plan . Boehner 's now working on a plan that will appease members such as Meadows . What do shutdown and debt limit have to do with Obamacare ? Meanwhile , Meadows vowed to hold his ground . "  If there is a real plan to make sure we can accomplish it through some other means , I 'm willing to look at that , " he said . But he said it must involve "  at least delaying " the implementation of Obamacare . If it does n't , he is willing to buck his leadership and oppose any bill he does n't think goes far enough . He admits some will have to take "  some tough votes " to take . But for him he 's right where his constituents want him to be . "  It 's a safe place for me to be , " Meadows said . Polarizing Washington Meadows rejected the idea that he is adding to the gridlock in Washington . He said Washington politicians have lost their way , but it 's not because of their inability to compromise . "  Pragmatism has been at the cost of principle and principle has been at the cost of pragmatism , " he said . Still , Meadows asserted that he is willing to compromise with the Democrats . "  My ultimate success will be viewed by whether there is something we can accomplish , " he said .	A little-known , freshman congressman is flexing his legislative muscle in Congress Mark Meadows insisted on strategy of defunding of Obamacare as a condition of new spending Local tea party organizer says Meadows "  is becoming our poster boy "
CNN  -- The heads of both major political parties battled Sunday over the handling of Rep. Anthony Weiner 's scandal , with the Republican Party boss accusing Democrats of inaction and the Democratic Party leader accusing Republicans of a "  double standard . " In a heated debate on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said that "  for the first 10 days " of the scandal , "  the only job  House Minority Leader  Nancy Pelosi was interested in saving was Anthony Weiner 's . " Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz fired back that Priebus ' argument failed "  the straight-face test . " The debate came the same day that TMZ published photos of Weiner , in various states of undress , which he apparently took of himself in a locker room . TMZ reported that they were taken in the House members ' gym and sent to at least one woman . Weiner 's office declined to comment on the photos , and CNN could not confirm the details reported by TMZ . See photos at TMZ.com After apologizing last week , Weiner said he had exchanged "  messages and photos of explicit nature with about six women in the last three years , " communicating with them online and , occasionally , on the phone . Wasserman Schultz issued a statement Saturday calling for Weiner 's resignation . Pelosi also called for him to step down Saturday . House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer said Sunday that Weiner should consider resigning . "  I think that certainly he has to consider that option , " Hoyer said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  I do n't see how he can proceed and effectively represent his constituency . " In the interview on "  Meet the Press , " Wasserman Schultz was asked why she called for Weiner 's resignation at this point in the so-called "  sexting " scandal . She said Democrats had been giving Weiner "  some breathing room to be able to be circumspect , do the right thing , make a decision , reach the conclusion that he needed to step back , and step down on his own . " When he had not done so by Saturday , "  it was important to weigh in , " she said . Priebus said "  it 's a question of leadership . " Weiner "  turned this town and this country into a three-ring circus , " Priebus said . "  We 've got leadership and a Democratic Party that are defending a guy that deserves no defense . " Wasserman Schultz said Priebus ' argument "  does n't pass the straight-face test from a chair of a party none of whose leaders called for Senator Vitter , who actually broke the law , to resign , who is still serving  in  office . " Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , admitted in 2007 to "  a very serious sin " after he was linked to a prostitution scandal . Wasserman Schultz also cited former Sen. John Ensign , R-Nevada , who had an extramarital affair with a staffer 's wife and later resigned . "  You never called for his resignation , so it 's a double standard and it 's unacceptable , " she said . When asked about those situations , Priebus responded he was "  not defending these guys , " and turned the discussion to the economy and President Barack Obama 's policies . Wasserman Schultz said she spoke briefly with Weiner . She described him as "  incredibly apologetic " and "  devastated " about the conduct he has been engaged in . Weiner 's spokeswoman said Saturday that the congressman is seeking treatment "  to focus on becoming a better husband and healthier person . " He will take a "  short leave of absence , " Risa Heller said in a statement . Wasserman Schultz said a leave of absence is not enough . A party can not force a lawmaker to leave , however . "  A member of Congress makes his own decision , and that 's certainly going to be up to Anthony Weiner , but we have made it clear that he needs to resign , " she said . Speaking to the media on Saturday , Weiner said he has "  made some serious mistakes and I 'm trying to redeem myself , " adding that his "  remarkable " wife -- Huma Abedin , a senior aide to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- is doing well . A Democratic source familiar with conversations among Weiner and Democratic leadership said the congressman does not want to make a decision on his future in Congress until Abedin returns from a trip with Clinton in Africa . She is scheduled to return Thursday . Meanwhile , authorities in Delaware have closed an investigation into contact between Weiner and a teenager in the state . C.R. McLeod , spokesman for the New Castle County government , told CNN on Sunday that the police concluded their investigation Friday "  and at this point they wo n't have anything else to pursue unless further evidence comes to their attention . " In a statement Friday , New Castle County Police said detectives had "  conducted an interview with the teen and she has made no disclosure of criminal activity nor inappropriate contact by the congressman . " Weiner told reporters the contact involved "  nothing explicit , nothing indecent . Absolutely nothing inappropriate . " An attorney representing the teen 's family said in a statement Sunday that the 17-year-old had Twitter contact with Weiner , and that the tweets "  were not salacious or in any manner inappropriate . " No photographs were ever sent to her , the statement said .	NEW : Anthony Weiner 's office declines to comment on the photos published by TMZ TMZ publishes pictures Weiner apparently took of himself in the House gym Republican Party chief accuses Pelosi of having wanted to save Weiner 's job Wasserman Schultz accuses Republican leader of a "  double standard "
London , England  CNN  -- The pressure on Inter boss Rafa Benitez intensified on Sunday as his team crashed to a 2-1 defeat to Chievo in Serie A. To compound the issue , star striker Samuel Eto'o looks likely to receive a retrospective ban after television cameras showed him head-butting opponent Bostjan Cesar in the chest late in the first half . The referee and officials missed the incident , which was reminiscent of Zinedine Zidane 's head-butt on Marco Materazzi in the 2006 World Cup final in Germany , but if reported the Cameroon international is likely to be sidelined for several matches . Chievo took the lead shortly before the Eto'o incident , when Sergio Pellissier headed home after 29 minutes . And the home side made sure of victory eight minutes from time when substitute Davide Moscardelli tucked away a cross from Luca Rigoni . Eto'o scored a brilliant individual goal in injury time but it was too little , too late . "  It 's clear that after a defeat no-one is happy , the only thing I can say is that we worked very hard today and our reaction in the second half on a terrible pitch showed great character , " Benitez said , AFP reported . The result means his team is now in sixth place , nine points adrift of leaders and city rivals AC Milan . Swede sends Milan clear Juventus moved ahead of Inter into fifth place after a 2-0 win at mid-table Genoa . Juve were gifted the lead when Claudio Marchisio 's deflected shot cannoned off the post on to the back of goalkeeper Eduardo and into the net . But there was nothing lucky about the second goal as Milos Krasic cut in from the right past Domenico Criscito and fired a shot into the far corner in the 23rd minute . Second-placed Lazio lost ground on AC Milan after a 1-1 draw at Parma left the gap at three points . Hernan Crespo gave Parma the lead after 22 minutes , but Lazio equalized through striker Sergio Floccari in first half stoppage time . In an thrilling game at Lecce , Giampaolo Pazzini scored a hat-trick to give Sampdoria all three points in a 3-2 win . Pazzini opened his account after eight minutes and doubled his tally shortly before halftime from the penalty spot . But back came Lecce after the break with goals from David Di Michele and Souleymane Diamoutene in the 73rd and 83rd minute respectively . But home fans hearts were broken moments later when Pazzini popped up to complete fire home a third in the 88th minute to seal victory for the visitors . In the battle at the bottom of the table Brescia lost 2-1 to Cagliari at home . Andrea Caracciolo gave Brescia the lead after 20 minutes when he converted a penalty , but two second half goals within three minutes of each other from striker Alessandro Matri and midfielder Daniele Conti . Cagliari rise to 17th place , one place above Brescia courtesy of a superior goal difference . Palermo move up to seventh in the table after beating Cesena 2-1 , while bottom placed Bari lost 1-0 to 10-man Catania after Christian Terlizzi scored a late winner .	Rafa Benitez on the brink as Inter lose 2-1 at Chievo TV cameras capture Eto'o head-butting opponent but match officials miss incident Juventus climb ahead of Inter to fifth in table thanks to 2-0 win at Genoa
CNN  -- The Super Bowl has gotten so big it 's outgrown the trusty old television . Today 's fans can enjoy the bloated spectacle on computers , mobile devices , Twitter and more . For most , crowding around a TV with salty snacks , cold beer and good friends is still the classic way to experience America 's biggest sports event . Fox has secured exclusive U.S. broadcast rights to the game , with the telecast beginning officially at 6 p.m. ET Sunday , although pre-game coverage will start four hours earlier . Fox is adding a splash of high-tech wizardry to this year 's event -- being played outdoors in chilly northern New Jersey -- with infrared cameras that will show the players ' body temperatures . You can employ your own tech tools to enhance the Super Bowl viewing experience -- especially if you ca n't get near a TV set . Here 's a tech primer to enjoying Sunday 's festivities : Stream the game online Both NFL.com and SuperBowl.com will direct viewers to Fox 's live stream of the game , hosted by Fox Sports Go . The FoxSportsGo.com website and iPad app will have a free stream of coverage available to any viewers on a computer or iPad in the U.S. , starting Sunday morning at 12AM Eastern Time and ending at 3AM Monday morning . Outside of that 27-hour window , only people who already pay for cable with a select group of providers  AT&T U-verse , Cablevision , Optimum , Comcast Xfinity , Midcontinent Communications , Suddenlink and WOW !  can tune in using the service . If you 're on an Android tablet , there is no app for streaming the game , but you can attempt to view it through the Fox Sports Go site in a browser . Interestingly , if you are in MetLife Stadium , you wo n't be able to view live streams of the game . Officials said they will block live streaming over Wi-Fi and cellular networks in the East Rutherford , New Jersey , stadium because it eats up too much bandwidth . Watch it on  some  smartphones Fox and the NFL have made some interesting distinctions between smartphones , tablets and computers . While you can stream the game through the Fox Sports Go website on a computer and tune in with the mobile app on an iPad , you ca n't do the same on a smartphone . The NFL is streaming the game through its official smartphone apps , but there are a couple of catches . To see the game live on a smartphone you have to be a Verizon customer and also pay $ 5 a month for the premium features . The free app is available for Android , iOS , Windows Phone and BlackBerry devices and will show scores and push custom alerts to people who are n't premium subscribers . If you try to work around the system by visiting the Fox Sports Go site from a Web browser on your smartphone , it will automatically redirect you to a landing page for the app . NFL to block mobile video streaming Follow along on social media If you are more interested in crackling social commentary than in Joe Buck 's play-by-play call , tune into Twitter , Instagram or Facebook for banter , smack talk and memes . The official Super Bowl Twitter account , @SuperBowl , is already posting news , photos and weather updates . The event 's official hashtag is #SB48 , but you can also follow #Broncos or #Seahawks  or #UnitedinOrange or # 12thman  . Check this Twitter blog post for more examples and suggestions . Both teams have official Instagram accounts  Broncos , Seahawks  , and the same hashtags will apply . You also may want to follow @NFL , @FOXsports or such outspoken players as the Broncos ' Eric Decker or the Seahawks ' Richard Sherman . The NFL is blocking live streaming inside the stadium in part to make it easier for attendees to share photos and commentary . Let 's hope that will mean lots of real-time , insider updates from the sidelines and stands . Listen instead of watch If you 're in a place where you ca n't watch the game -- say , at work -- but can wear discreet earbuds , Fox has two official options for listening . If you 're a Sirius XM Radio subscriber you can listen to a free live stream of the game . Another option is to drop $ 9.99 on an NFL Audio Pass , which will stream live audio to computers and tablets . It will be blocked on smartphones , however . To listen to local sports radio stations , you can use a service such as I Heart Radio to tune in from a computer or mobile device . Or , you know , dust off a radio . 17 things in NYC 's Super Bowl lineup Pricey ads and puppies For many viewers the game is just filler between splashy commercials , the halftime show  it 's Bruno Mars this year  and clever counterprogramming on other channels . Many of the best ads are already online , where companies try to make their multimillion-dollar pitches go viral . You can see which brands are planning big ads and get updates as they air , on AdWeek , which follows Super Bowl commercials like ESPN does sports . Twitter also is a good starting point to follow ads . And YouTube is turning the ads into a competition with its AdBliz site . YouTube will post the commercials shortly after they air and ask people to vote on their favorites . Fans of the Puppy Bowl , Animal Planet 's annual celebration of canine cuteness , can tune in beginning at 3 p.m. ET Sunday to get their doggie fix . If you ca n't wait that long , the channel is live streaming little pooches on its Puppy Cam ahead of the game . 66 adorable reasons to watch Puppy Bowl X	Super Bowl will be streamed live online free to cable subscribers Only Verizon customers can live stream the game on mobile devices Social media will provide alternate commentary , jokes
CNN  -- Here 's something you probably did n't imagine doing today : entering a name-that-pangolin contest . But I hope you 'll make room in your busy schedule for a humble and endangered creature that truly could use some help . P26 is the current name of that shy-looking pangolin in the photo above . What kind of name is that for such a rare and fascinating mammal , the modern world 's tiny dinosaur , a "  walking pinecone " that can defend itself against lions and tigers by rolling up into a little scale-covered ball ? P26 sounds like a line in a spreadsheet . He deserves a way better name . The generous researchers at Vietnam 's Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program have agreed to let CNN 's readers suggest and then vote on a new name for P26 , who was recently released back into the wild after being rescued from the black market . Suggest a name by commenting below . You can up-vote the names in the thread you 'd like to be considered . I 'll ask readers to vote on five of the best  non-profane  and most popular names next week . P26 will assume whatever name you pick . You can also tweet this to encourage friends to vote : Pangolins like P26 are endangered , and they 're thought to be the most-trafficked mammals in the world . As I found out on a recent reporting trip to Southeast Asia , activists fear that they could go extinct before most people so much as realize they exist . They 're shipped around the world for their scales , which are used in traditional medicine , and for their meat , which is a delicacy and status symbol in Vietnam and China . You voted for me to research and report on the illegal animal trade as part of my Change the List project , which focuses on bottom-of-the-list issues and places . Find more stories in this reader-led series at CNN.com / Change . On my trip to Indonesia and Vietnam in February , I met P26 and other rescued pangolins at the vastly underfunded rehabilitation center in Vietnam . The group operates on $ 27,000 a year , its manager told me . That 's for seven employees at two national parks . I also went undercover to talk with mafia-type pangolin traffickers and poachers . My take-away is that celebrity would bring the pangolin a form of protection . As long as it remains an obscure and little-known creature , it 's easier for pangolin bosses to keep packing up these animals by the tons and shipping them to market . And it 's also easier for restaurants to sell pangolin and consumers to justify buying it . Pangolins are remarkable animals : Their tongues are longer than their bodies ; they hang from trees by their tails ; they 're pretty much invincible to predators in the wild . It would be unthinkable if they went extinct because they 're not conventionally cute . There are easy , workable solutions . Humans are their biggest threat . Given the seriousness of the trade , maybe this naming contest seems goofy or inappropriate , but I think of it as a way for CNN 's audience to adopt a pangolin and to get to know P26 . He 's one of the shyest pangolins the researchers in Vietnam have worked with  all pangolins are super-shy , by the way , and they actually die of "  stress " in captivity , which is why you almost never see them in zoos  . He was released into Cat Tien National Park on March 19 , and I 'm told he 's making his way into the world with extreme timidity , like a Great Dane walking onto a sheet of ice . That 's , of course , understandable considering he was hunted and was likely bound for a restaurant table or a bag of scales before he was seized by the Vietnamese government and , luckily , turned over to the researchers . When researchers put P26 in a box out in the forest and encouraged him to walk away , he just sat there , terrified . "  With other releases the animal has happily come out the box and started investigating the area . P26 , however , was lot more nervous , " Louise Fletcher , who 's handling his release , wrote on a blog where she documents the pangolins ' journeys . "  It is bad practice and stressful to tip the box or lift the animal out . Better just to leave it open and let them climb out by themselves . So , instead , we stood back and waited , but he still did not want to leave . " He was still in the box when they left that night , she said . The next morning , however , she was relieved to find the box empty . The researchers are monitoring P26 's movements with a radio tracking device that 's attached to one of the scales on his tail . By March 24 , P26 had left the den site -- a good sign -- but then "  dug himself further under the roots of the tree , " as if to hide , Fletcher wrote in an e-mail . "  Hopefully now he will begin to become more familiar with the surrounding area . " You can follow P26 's journey on a blog written by Fletcher and other staff at the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program in Vietnam . I 'll be back in touch with the top five names soon . What would you name the pangolin in the photo ? Leave your picks in the comments , and vote up the names you like . We 'll have a vote on the best of the best soon .	Pangolins are thought to be the most-trafficked mammas in the world by number You can help name the pangolin in the photo , which is currently called P26 P26 is among the shyest of the shy pangolins ; he recently was released into a park in Vietnam To submit a name , post it in the comments and up-vote your favorites
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The upcoming Oscars are no stranger to causes or controversy . And this year , there is a strong dose of both surrounding the film "  Argo " -- and its star and director , Ben Affleck . This controversy bubbled up when the buzz started that Affleck could get an Academy Award nomination for best director when the announcements are made Thursday . Read more : Academy Awards 2013 : And the nominees are ... "  Argo " tells how an ingenious and daring CIA agent helped orchestrate the rescue of six U.S. diplomats from Tehran during the Iran hostage crisis of 1979-1980 . In November 1979 , about 300 Islamic students stormed the U.S. Embassy and 66 Americans were taken hostage . But six U.S. diplomats escaped and were hidden at the Canadian Embassy by the Canadian ambassador and his wife . The CIA agent -- Antonio "  Tony " Mendez , played by Affleck -- successfully led the mission to evacuate the Americans , which involved Mendez and his associates posing as a Canadian film crew that was eager to make a movie in Iran . Read more : ` Lincoln ' leads field in British film awards nominations The real Tony Mendez was awarded the Intelligence Star for Valor , and other honors , for leading the rescue . He later wrote a memoir , detailing the events in Tehran . "  Argo " is loosely based on Mendez 's book . Better make that , very loosely based . As movie critics and others have pointed out since the movie opened a few months ago , the filmmakers took lots of dramatic license with the story . Mendez 's role is played up , while that of the Canadians who helped hide and protect the Americans is played down . Some scenes depicted in the film never happened . Some characters are composites of several real people . Read more : Why ` Django Unchained ' stirs race debate In other words , it 's what you would expect from a Hollywood feature film based on a historical event . It 's not a documentary . It 's meant to be taken with a grain of salt , and to be entertaining . Still , there are some Latinos -- in and out of Hollywood -- who think that , in this case , the filmmakers , and especially Affleck , pushed the concept of creativity too far . They say Affleck missed an opportunity to put more Latinos on screen . Moreover , they say , Affleck improperly claimed , for himself , the choice role of Mendez when he should have cast a Latino actor instead . They insist that the director did n't just cheat a Latino out of an acting job but the Latino community out of a feel-good story about one of their own who won acclaim for a heroic deed . The critics are right , and their cause is just . Affleck should have tried to cast a Latino to play Mendez . That 's common sense , and it would have made "  Argo " a better movie . Affleck also did n't do himself any favors by trying to dismiss the criticism with a glib remark that essentially said that it really does n't matter that the actor playing Mendez is n't Latino since Mendez himself is n't , shall we say , overtly Latino . Read more : The biggest , buzziest movies of 2013 At a recent forum intended to publicize the film , Affleck responded to a question from the audience about the controversy by noting that "  Tony does not have , I do n't know what you would say , a Latin/Spanish accent " and that "  You would n't necessarily select him out of a line of 10 people and go ` This guy 's Latino . ' " Ouch . At least Affleck did n't slip and say "  line up . " "  So I did n't feel as though I was violating something , " he said , "  where , here 's this guy who 's clearly ethnic in some way and it 's sort of being whitewashed by Ben Affleck the actor . " Johnny Depp set a better example . Several months ago , Depp turned down the role of Mexican revolutionary Francisco "  Pancho " Villa in another film . He said that the role should go to a Latino . I praised Depp at the time for showing that , besides being a great actor , he is also a person of character . Read more : A  Richard  Gere shift for Oscars ? The exclusion of Latinos from Hollywood is an old story . This is still a black and white world , where Latinos rarely get cast in the leading role . We 're the gardeners and housekeepers , the gang leader and drug dealers , the nannies and farm workers . That 's it . There has been some progress , of course . But not enough -- not when you have a Latina in the Supreme Court , three Latinos in the U.S. Senate , and Latinos heading Fortune 500 companies . I could blame the environment of Southern California , in which most Hollywood writers , producers and directors live and spend most of their time . When they get up in the morning and drive to work , most Latinos they encounter are subservient . We clean their homes , cook their breakfast , trim their hedges , park their cars and otherwise help them get through the day . Still , you can push this argument too far , and wind up going down a dangerous path -- one that ultimately sets back the greater cause of trying to get television networks and film studios to create a broader range of meatier roles for Latino actors and actresses . After all , it 's a short walk from saying that a director should have cast a Latino to play a Latino to arguing that only Latinos can play Latinos . And , if that 's the argument , then on what moral high ground do Latinos stand to also push -- as we should -- for Latino actors and actresses to be considered for generic and mainstream roles that could have gone to white actors ? We ca n't have it both ways . Even if Latinos succeed in making their point about this one director and this one movie , it could backfire . We could win this battle , and still lose the war . But before Latinos can be fully integrated into America and not considered outsiders , we have to take every opportunity to push for inclusion and fairness . And acknowledging that Latinos have the skills to play themselves is a good start . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Oscar nominations on Thursday , and Ben Affleck expected to get one for "  Argo " Affleck plays real-life Latino who helped diplomats escape in Iran hostage crisis Ruben Navarrette : Affleck should have used a Latino actor to play role He says it cheats actor out of a job , and the Latino community out of a hero 's story
CNN  -- To project elections , CNN and its election experts use scientific statistical procedures to make estimates of the final vote count in each race . CNN will broadcast a projected winner only after an extensive review of data from a number of sources . CNN editorial policy strictly prohibits reporting winners or characterizing the outcome of a statewide contest in any state before all the polls are scheduled to close in every precinct in that state . CNN will receive information from the following sources : The Associated Press : The Associated Press will provide vote totals for each race . The AP will be gathering numbers via stringers based in each county or other jurisdiction where votes are tabulated . Edison Research : To assist CNN in collecting and evaluating this information , CNN , the other television networks and The Associated Press have employed Edison Research . In previous elections , this firm has assisted CNN in projecting winners in state and national races . Edison will conduct exit polls , which ask voters their opinion on a variety of relevant issues , determine how they voted , and ask a number of demographic questions to allow analysis of voting patterns by group . Using exit poll results , precincts scientifically selected at random , vote results from The AP , and a number of sophisticated analysis techniques , Edison also recommends projections of a winner for each race it covers . Collecting data The process of projecting races begins by creating a sample of precincts . The precincts are selected by random chance , like a lottery , and every precinct in the state has an equal chance to be in the sample . They are not bellwether precincts or "  key " precincts . Each one does not mirror the vote in a state but the sample collectively does . The first indication of the vote comes from the exit polls conducted by Edison . On the day of the election , Edison interviewers stand outside of precincts in a given state . They count the people coming out after they have voted and are instructed to interview every third person or every fifth person , for example , throughout the voting day . The rate of selection depends on the number of voters expected at the polling place that day . They do this from the time the polling place opens until shortly before it closes . The interviewers give each selected voter a questionnaire , which takes only a minute or two to complete . It asks about issues that are important , and background characteristics of the voter , and it also asks for whom they voted in the most important races . During the day , the interviewer phones the information from the questionnaires to a computer center . Next , vote totals come in from many of the same sample precincts as the exit polls after the voting has finished in those precincts . These are actual votes that are counted after the polls have closed . Election officials post the results so anyone at the precinct can know them . The third set of vote returns come from the vote tallies done by local officials . The local figures become more complete as more precincts report vote returns . The county or town vote is put into statistical models , and Edison makes estimates and projections using those models . In addition , CNN will be monitoring the Web sites of the Secretaries of State offices to help analyze the outcome of early voting and absentee voting . Projections The projections for CNN will be made from the CNN Election Analysis Center at the Time Warner Center . An independent team of political analysts and statistical experts will analyze the data that will lead to the final decisions on projections . CNN will decide when and how to make a projection for a race depending on how close the race is . In races that do not appear to be very close , projections may be made at poll closing time based entirely on exit poll results , which are the only information available when the polls close about how people voted . The races projected from exit polls alone are races with comfortable margins between the top two candidates . Projections from exit polls also take into account the consistency between exit poll results and pre-election polls . In the case of close races , CNN will wait for actual votes to be tabulated and reported . Edison may make projection recommendations to its clients , but CNN will make all final calls for broadcast . Shortly after poll closing time , CNN may make projections using models that combine exit polls and actual votes . This happens in closer races . For extremely close races , CNN will rely on actual votes collected at the local level . These are the races that can not be projected when the polls close from exit polls or even from actual votes collected at the sample precincts mentioned earlier . The projection for these races will be based on a statistical model that uses the actual votes . If it is too close for this model to provide a reliable projection , CNN will wait for election officials to tally all or almost all the entire vote . What a projection call means CNN analysts will make all projections for CNN broadcasts . When CNN 's analysts project a winner in a race , whether it is based upon data from Edison or from the CNN computations , it means that when all the votes are counted , CNN projects that the candidate will win the race . A projection is as close to statistical certainty as possible , but that does not mean that a mistake can not happen ; rather , it means that every precaution has been taken to see that a mistake is not made . CNN will not "  declare " someone a winner because that declaration is up to election officials . CNN will make projections based on our best estimate of how CNN expects an election to turn out . When a lot of vote returns have been tallied , a race may be referred as "  too close to call " by CNN anchors and analysts . "  Too close to call " means the final result will be very close and that the CNN analysts may not know who won . For the races that are the closest , the CNN Election Analysis Desk will keep CNN viewers up to date on the state-by-state rules regarding automatic recounts and will report immediately on any official candidate challenge regarding the results or voting irregularities .	CNN receives data from The Associated Press , Edison Research Process of projecting races begins by creating a sample of precincts
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson "  clearly " suffered from insomnia that could have been caused by Demerol , a narcotic he was getting frequently from a doctor other than Dr. Conrad Murray , according to a sleep expert testifying Thursday in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . Murray 's defense team contends Dr. Arnold Klein injected Jackson with 6,500 milligrams of Demerol during visits to his Beverly Hills , California , dermatology clinic in the last three months of his life , and that Murray did not know about it . Jackson desperately sought sleep the day he died , worried that without rest he could not rehearse that night , which could force the cancellation of his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , according to Murray 's interview with police . Soon after he found sleep , Jackson suffered respiratory arrest and was later declared dead by an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles . Dr. Nader Kamangar , a UCLA sleep expert testifying for the prosecution , said medical records indicated Jackson 's insomnia could be related to "  anxiety for performing , as well as use of drugs , medications such as Demerol . " Klein was never charged or disciplined for his treatment of Jackson , but Murray 's lawyers contend that treatment addicted Jackson to Demerol and caused the insomnia that Murray was treating when Jackson died . Murray claimed the day Jackson died he was trying to wean Jackson from using the surgical anesthetic propofol to induce sleep , a treatment he gave him almost every night the previous two months . Murray told detectives that during the last morning he gave Jackson a series of three sedatives -- Valium , lorazepam and midazolam -- over a 10-hour period before finally giving in to Jackson 's plea to again use propofol . "  I 've got to sleep , Dr. Conrad , " Murray said Jackson pleaded to him . "  I have these rehearsals to perform . I must be ready for the show in England . Tomorrow I will have to cancel my performance , because you know I can not function if I do n't get to sleep . " Kamangar said the combination of drugs Murray gave Jackson "  was the perfect storm " that killed him . "  Mr. Jackson was receiving very inappropriate therapy , in the home setting , receiving very potent sedatives , including propofol , lorazepam and midazolam , without monitoring by Murray , and ultimately this cocktail was a recipe for disaster , " Kamangar said . The trial "  will be , in all likelihood , concluding a lot earlier than we expected , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor said at the start of the 12th day of testimony Thursday . Lawyers previously estimated it would conclude around October 28 . While there will be no court Friday to allow the prosecution 's expert anesthesiologist , Dr. Steven Shafer , to attend a medical convention , the end of testimony could come next week . Dr. Shafer briefly began his testimony Thursday morning before the trial was adjourned . The judge agreed to let Shafer leave for the conference in Chicago where he will present a paper on propofol . He is expected to be the next and last witness for the direct presentation of the prosecution 's case against Murray . Shafer 's testimony is expected to echo the opinions of Kamangar and Dr. Alon Steinberg , a cardiologist who testified Wednesday , that Murray 's treatment of Jackson was so grossly negligent that it was criminal . Murray 's delay in calling 911 for help as soon as he realized Jackson was not breathing may have cost the pop icon his life , Steinberg testified . He and Kamangar both presented a long list of what they said were instances of Murray 's extreme deviation from the standards of medical care , including his failure to immediately call for paramedics . "  If these deviations would not have happened , Mr. Jackson would be alive , " Steinberg testified . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was from "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with several sedatives , including lorazepam . Murray 's lawyers contend that Jackson used a syringe to inject the fatal overdose through a catheter on his left leg while Murray was away from his bedside . They dropped the theory pushed earlier that Jackson may have orally ingested the propofol that the coroner says killed him . Murray 's defense also contends that Jackson swallowed eight tablets of lorazepam , a sedative , in a desperate search for sleep the day he died . Murray should be found guilty even if jurors accept the theory that Jackson self-administered the fatal dose because the doctor was reckless in leaving propofol and lorazepam near his patient when he was not around , Steinberg testified . "  It 's like leaving a baby that 's sleeping on your kitchen countertop , " Steinberg said . "  There 's a very small chance the baby could fall over , or wake up and grab a knife or something . " Steinberg said he based his conclusions on Murray 's own words to detectives in an interview two days after Jackson 's death . That interview was played for jurors in the previous two days of the trial . Jackson would be alive today if Murray had called 911 for help within two minutes of realizing Jackson was not breathing , instead of waiting about 20 minutes before asking a security guard to call , Steinberg said . Prince Jackson disputes Murray 's version of events , family says Earlier testimony revealed Murray did ask Jackson 's chef to send a security guard upstairs to help him about five minutes after the time prosecutors suggest he realized there was a problem with Jackson . The chef , however , testified that she sent Jackson 's 12-year-old son upstairs instead of security . Steinberg said the use of propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia was another extreme deviation from standards that contributed to Jackson 's death . He later acknowledged a recent report from China that the anesthetic had been successfully used to treat chronic insomnia , but he suggested it needed more study to be accepted . Kamangar , the sleep expert , testified that propofol has no therapeutic value in treating insomnia , and to use it is unethical and an extreme deviation from the standards of care . "  It is beyond comprehension , " Kamangar said . "  It is frankly disturbing . " Steinberg said he based his conclusions on his belief that Murray had connected Jackson to an IV drip of propofol after he gave him an injection of propofol . That assumption , he said , was made because Murray told police he had used such a drip on most previous nights . When Flanagan challenged him to show where in Murray 's police interview he said he used a drip the day Jackson died , he eventually said "  I will agree with you , it 's not completely clear . " Murray said he injected a small dose of propofol using a syringe , but the prosecution contends he also used a makeshift IV setup to keep Jackson medicated and asleep . That drip may have malfunctioned while the doctor was not monitoring his patient , they contend . The prosecution has been unable to produce the tubing that would be a critical piece of an IV system , although they did show jurors an opened saline bag into which they contend Murray placed an opened propofol bottle . On the recording , Murray insisted he kept a close watch on Jackson after he finally fell asleep . The physician never mentioned the long list of e-mails and calls that cell phone records later revealed . Murray was hired as Jackson 's personal physician while the singer prepared for his "  This Is It " comeback concerts in London , planned to start in July 2009 . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license .	NEW : Dr. Klein injected 6,500 milligrams of Demerol into Jackson , the defense says NEW : Jackson 's insomnia could have been caused by Demerol , a sleep expert says NEW : Trial could end early , judge says Anesthesiologist Dr. Steven Shafer may be the prosecution 's last witness
West Branch , Michigan  CNN  -- A Michigan teen is making the most of a homecoming prank that she says left her feeling suicidal . Whitney Kropp , a self-described outcast with just a handful of close friends at Ogemaw Heights High School , was picked to be the female representative of the sophomore class royalty . It certainly came as a shock . But hours later , the 16-year-old learned classmates voted for her as a joke . She spent the night in tears . "  I 'm like , ` Wow , I feel like trash , ' " Kropp said . "  I feel like I 'm a little thing that no one really cares about . " That night , she said , she contemplated ending her life "  right here , right now . " But thanks to a push from her family and friends , she decided to embrace what happened and turn the tables . "  I can just prove all these kids wrong ... I 'm not the joke everyone thinks I am . " Worthy homecoming for bullied teen The West Branch-Rose City Area Schools superintendent , Dan Cwayna , declined CNN 's request for an interview . Opting to stay on the homecoming court was a tough decision , Kropp said . That bold move prompted local businesses to donate her homecoming gown and shoes , while a salon gave her hair a new ` do . ' A Facebook support page created for her has more than 96,000 "  likes . " Sitting on her front porch in rural Michigan , Kropp held her head high with what her mom described as a new and overwhelming sense of confidence . "  It is absolutely awesome to see her stand up , " a beaming Bernice Kropp said . "  And it 's so cool to see e-mails ... we 're getting from parents and other students from all over the place telling her stories and how it helped them and it touched them . My daughter is out there as an inspiration to a lot of people , and it 's a really cool thing . " The teen says the outpouring of support caught her off guard . "  I thought before , ` Oh , no one cares about me , " ' she said . "  I thought not even my own brother and sister care . But they 're proving me they do care . The world is proving they do , well not really care about me , but they care about the situation . So I 'm happy . I 'm really honored . " WNEM : Community steps up for bullied teen In fact , her sister , Alivia Kropp , was the first person to spread the word and encourage her to speak out . "  I told her ... you 've got the courage , you 've got the strength to go do it , so go do it and have fun , " she said . She said the night her sister spent crying was horrible . "  It 's very hard to see someone hurt and upset , and you want to do everything in your power to make sure they 're not that way , " Alivia Kropp said . Homecoming coronation will take place at halftime of the football game Friday night , where the teen 's smile will be front and center as family , and an entire community , surround her with support . The dance , something she and her boyfriend have been looking forward to all year , is Saturday . When asked where she got the courage to stand up unashamed in front of the whole world , she pointed to her heart . "  Right here . "	Classmates pick teen as female representative of sophomore class royalty The 16-year-old later learns they picked her as a joke "  I 'm like , ` Wow , I feel like trash , ' " Whitney Kropp says She decides to attend the homecoming anyway , prompting an outpouring of support
CNN  -- If you 're on Facebook , Twitter or any other social networking site , you could be the next victim . Experts say cybercrooks are lurking just a mouse click away on popular social networking sites . That 's because more cyberthieves are targeting increasingly popular social networking sites that provide a gold mine of personal information , according to the FBI . Since 2006 , nearly 3,200 account hijacking cases have been reported to the Internet Crime Complaint Center , a partnership between the FBI , the National White Collar Crime Center and the Bureau of Justice Assistance . It starts with a friend updating his or her status or sending you a message with an innocent link or video . Maybe your friend is in distress abroad and needs some help . All you have to do is click . When the message or link is opened , social network users are lured to fake Web sites that trick them into divulging personal details and passwords . The process , known as a phishing attack or malware , can infiltrate users ' accounts without their consent . Once the account is compromised , the thieves can infiltrate the list of friends or contacts and repeat the attack on subsequent victims . Social networking sites show there is ample opportunity to find more victims ; the average Facebook user has 120 friends on the site . "  Security is a constant arms race , " said Simon Axten , an associate for privacy and public policy at Facebook . "  Malicious actors are constantly attacking the site , and what you see is actually a very small percentage of what 's attempted . " As some social networking sites experience monstrous growth , they are becoming a new -- and extremely lucrative -- frontier for cybercrime . Facebook says it has 300 million users , nearly the size of the U.S. population , and it continues to attract users outside the college student niche . From February 2008 to February 2009 , Twitter , a micro-blogging site where users post 140-character messages known as tweets , grew 1,382 percent to more than 7 million users . "  They -LSB- cybercriminals -RSB- are very adept to using social engineering , " said Donald DeBold , director of threat research for CA , an Internet security company . "  Your friend is in trouble traveling in another country , ' I lost my wallet . I need help . ' They exploit the curiosity aspect out of human nature . " A few decades ago , malicious software and viruses were usually the result of a prank , but Internet security experts say today 's attacks are profit-driven . A study from the Indiana University in 2005 discovered that phishing attacks on social networks operated with a 70 percent success rate . These users had fallen for the scam , opened the foreign link and released personal information . Cybercriminals are employing phishing and malware attacks for a number of reasons , including trying to redirect users to sites where profit is fueled by the number of visitors . They also try to elicit private information like passwords and bank account numbers to perform scams . Early this year , Twitter experienced several phishing attacks in which a Web page that looked identical to the widely recognized light blue Twitter page was a hoax . The company warned users to double-check the URL to ensure they were visiting the correct site . The Internet Crime Complaint Center received more than 72,000 complaints about Internet fraud in 2008 that were referred to law enforcement agencies for further investigation . These cases involved financial losses amounting to $ 264.6 million , an increase from 2007 . Each person lost an average of $ 931 . "  Most of us would want to help a friend in need , but if it 's an online friend , and they want you to wire money , you should double-check , " FBI spokesman Jason Pack said . Security experts said it makes sense that cybercriminals are turning to social networking sites . Personal information is abundant on sites like Facebook and MySpace . Each time users give out valuable information like birth dates or addresses , they could be providing hints about their password , security experts say . The American Civil Liberties Union has expressed concern about the information visible through Facebook quizzes and applications . "  They 'll have access to all that information , so they can sell it , they can share it , they can do an awful lot with it , " Chris Calabrese , legislative counsel for privacy-related issues with the ACLU , told CNN.com in September . Many Internet security experts consider the first virus attack on the PC to have occurred in 1986 . By the early 1990s , viruses transmitted on floppy disks became ubiquitous . When the World Wide Web became widely available that same decade , viruses , worms and malware became problems in e-mail accounts , frustrating users who clicked on messages thought to be legitimate . In the new millennium , the most common form of malware attack has become known as drive-by downloads . While surfing on Google or Yahoo , spyware or a computer virus is automatically and invisibly downloaded on a computer , requiring no user interaction for the computer to be infected . "  We are on the verge from shifting from the Web being the No. 1 victim of infecting to social network , " said Mikko H. Hypponen , chief of research technology at F-Secure Corp. . His company sells anti-virus software and malware protection programs . "  It 's going to get a lot worse before it gets better . " Social networks are fighting the aggressive attacks from cybercriminals . Most sites have information pages dedicated to educating users about the risks of Internet scams . Users can become a fan of "  Facebook Security " and receive updates on how to protect their accounts . One of the most common pieces of advice given by security experts is to change passwords frequently . Facebook has also developed complex automated systems that detect compromised accounts . They spot and freeze accounts that are sending an unusually high number of messages to their friends . Company security officials said Facebook is a closed system , which can be helpful in erasing phony messages from all accounts . At News Corporation 's MySpace.com , the company creates blacklists of phony accounts to prevent people from clicking on a faulty link . Hemanshu Nigam , first chief security officer for MySpace , said the firm warns about suspicious links and educates users about the harm phishing and malware attacks can bring . "  We are prepared for them , " he said .	The FBI reports nearly 3,200 account hijacking cases since 2006 Online scam losses amounting to $ 264.6 million reported in 2008 Facebook has automated systems that detect compromised accounts MySpace.com creates blacklists of phony accounts
CNN  -- You 're lounging in an airy villa -- with rain showers and a plunge pool fed by natural hot springs -- in the Costa Rican rainforest . A personal host tends to your every need , whether arranging a wildlife-spotting hike or a private yoga lesson in the open-air studio . It 's just another unforgettable day at Nayara Springs , one of the top-rated hotels . For 19 years and counting , Travel + Leisure magazine has asked readers to vote for their favorite hotels and resorts , evaluating them in categories like value , food , service , rooms and location . More than just a list of the best properties , the World 's Best Awards results also highlight bigger travel trends -- including where travelers , as a community , are going . A significant number of this year 's winners are close to home , with the share of U.S. properties growing by more than 19 percent over last year . Three of the top 10 hotels overall are in the U.S. -- in 2013 , there were none . Triple Creek Ranch , in Darby , Montana , holds the No. 1 spot ; Ocean House , in Watch Hill , Rhode Island , is No. 5 , followed by the Langham Chicago at No. 6 . 10 spectacular U.S. waterfalls Chicago has a prominent place among large urban hotels  100 rooms or more  in the U.S. , with four of the top 10 , while Charleston , South Carolina , dominates the category of urban hotels with fewer than 100 rooms . The total number of Caribbean properties also doubled over last year , yet readers are still finding time to visit far-flung places . A third of the top 50 hotels are in Australia , Africa and Asia . Notably , Southern Ocean Lodge , on Australia 's Kangaroo Island , comes in at No. 4 overall . South Africa and Udaipur , India , each have two top-10 properties , including , respectively , Singita Sabi Sand  up to No. 7 from last year 's No. 10 spot  and Taj Lake Palace  No. 10 , up from No. 29  . Of course , you 'll also find plenty of world-class options in European destinations -- Paris , Budapest , Florence , you name it -- plus dream-worthy resorts in Mexico and Hawaii . We dare you to read about the World 's Best Hotel winners and not immediately start planning your next getaway . No. 1 Triple Creek Ranch , Darby , Montana Score : 97.44 A luxurious mountain retreat , Triple Creek Ranch knows how to pamper its guests  adults only  . Itineraries are tailored to fit your preference of activities , among them , scenic hikes , wildlife spotting , wine tastings , cattle drives and helicopter tours above Glacier or Yellowstone National Parks . When you 're ready to come indoors , upscale log cabins set a romantic mood with wood-burning fireplaces , hot tubs and locally woven woolens . And staffers are on hand to welcome you with fresh-baked cookies -- or recommend a bottle from the 2,000-strong wine cellar . Do n't be surprised if you feel one stay was n't enough ; approximately half of all visitors are repeat guests . No. 2 Nayara Springs , La Fortuna , Costa Rica Score : 97.00 At Nayara Springs , each of the 16 villas comes with its own plunge pool , drawing on mineral-rich spring waters from Arenal Volcano next door . Venetian mirrors , hand-loomed rugs and hammocks add to the easy-breezy vibe at this secluded jungle retreat , complete with a spa and yoga or Pilates offered daily . Get to know your neighbors -- namely howler monkeys and blue morpho butterflies -- on a tour with one of the local guides . It 's just one of the experiences that your personal host can coordinate . Travel + Leisure : Beautiful Beaches to Visit in 2014 No. 3 Four Seasons Hotel Gresham Palace Budapest Score : 96.91 Once an apartment complex during Hungarian Communist rule , this 179-room hotel is now one of the Four Seasons ' grandest properties . The luxury brand gave new life to the 1906 Art Nouveau structure with a $ 125 million restoration , and ever since , the hotel lobby has wowed visitors with its stained-glass windows , mosaic tiles and custom-made crystal chandelier . Opt for a Danube-facing room , and plan your visit during summer to check out the nearby Festival of Folk Arts at Buda Castle . No. 4 Southern Ocean Lodge , Kangaroo Island , Australia Score : 96.27 At Southern Ocean Lodge , each of the 21 suites is outfitted with limestone floors , works by local artists and an outdoor terrace . Do n't look for an AC switch -- it 's unnecessary here : The lodge was built to take advantage of natural weather patterns on Kangaroo Island . Book the glass-walled Osprey Pavilion suite for a private plunge pool and hand-carved granite bath , or try your luck fishing Hanson Bay . Chef Tim Bourke will incorporate your catch into a dish along with local produce . Travel + Leisure : 25 Ideas for Your Best Summer Ever No. 5 Ocean House , Watch Hill , Rhode Island Score : 96.20 A Victorian oceanfront hotel renovated to the tune of $ 146 million , this 1868 property is as grand as ever . Croquet lawns nod to old-world glamour , while 49 light-filled guest rooms and 22 private villas feature modern bathrooms and custom-made furnishings . Consider visiting in the off season -- moody skies , long walks on the private beach and cozy treatments at the hotel spa make for a romantic stay . We recommend requesting the Grand Deluxe Room 301 for its ocean views , freestanding tub and blue-tiled fireplace . No. 6 The Langham , Chicago Score : 96.00 Located in the landmark Mies van der Rohe IBM building , The Langham , Chicago offers guests expansive views of the Chicago River and city skyline from floor-to-ceiling windows . Opened in July 2013 , it 's already a local favorite thanks to detail-oriented service -- everyone from the receptionist to the porter gets to know guests by name . And do n't forget to pack your bathing suit : The pool at the Chuan Spa is a welcome oasis in the Windy City . Travel + Leisure : The Ultimate Bacon Guide No. 7 Singita Sabi Sand , Kruger National Park Area , South Africa Score : 95.82 Singita Sabi Sand game reserve comprises two lodges with interiors by emerging African designers : Boulders , a stylish rustic property built into the landscape , and Ebony , a lodge that puts more of a vintage spin on safari . Spend an indulgent night indoors -- well-stocked wine cellars and private outdoor showers come standard -- or embrace your adventurous side with a mountain-bike ride through the bush or a photography-focused safari . For once-in-a-lifetime views of elephants bathing in the Sand River , book Ebony Lodge 's Suite 1 . No. 8 Londolozi Game Reserve , Kruger National Park Area , South Africa Score : 95.80 Five family-run lodges on 42,000 acres of South African wilderness make up this Kruger camp known for its frequent leopard sightings . All 32 rooms and 12 spacious suites have access to the destination 's five restaurants and bars , but we recommend booking Villa No. 1 in the newly-built Pioneer Camp . Set among 500-year-old ebony trees along the Sand River , it 's the perfect secluded spot to get away from it all . After you 've had your fill of traditional game drives , visit a local village , women 's cooperative and school on the property 's Four Pillars of Hope tour . No. 9 Oberoi Udaivilas , Udaipur , India Score : 95.76 Built on the former hunting grounds of maharajas , the Oberoi Udaivilas sits gracefully on its own island near Udaipur . Upon arrival , you 'll be met at the airport by a car and driver , guided onto a private boat , then ferried across Lake Pichola and into the gardens and fountains of the Udaivilas estate . Book one of nine Premier rooms for a private pool , terrace and views of wildlife including peacocks , spotted deer and wild boar . Then wander through the on-site Bada Mahal , an 18th-century former palace with delicate frescoes . Come back to the lakeside property a second time to receive traditional mirror-work coasters or jewelry boxes -- departure gifts given to repeat visitors . No. 10 Taj Lake Palace , Udaipur , India Score : 95.75 Rising from a rock foundation on its own island in Lake Pichola , this 263-year-old white marble palace offers its guests a water view from every one of its 66 rooms and 17 suites . DÃ © cor is nothing less than opulent , with classic interiors enhanced by colorful frescoes , glistening mosaics and rich silks . For a day trip to the Jaisamand Wildlife Sanctuary or into the city of Udaipur , hire one of the hotel 's vintage cars and take advantage of the property 's personal butler program . See more of the world 's best hotels Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Travelers have picked their favorite hotels around the world A Montana ranch pampers its guests with helicopter rides and cattle drives One game reserve features lodge interiors by emerging African designers
CNN  -- Sam Hamilton , director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , died Saturday , authorities announced . Hamilton , 54 , died after suffering chest pains , a symptom reflective of an underlying heart condition , the Summit County , Colorado , coroner said . Hamilton was on a mountain at the Keystone Ski Resort in Keystone , Colorado , when he complained of the pains . Hamilton had served the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for more than 30 years . "  Sam was a friend , a visionary , and a professional whose years of service and passionate dedication to his work have left an indelible mark on the lands and wildlife we cherish , " Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar said in a written statement . "  His forward-thinking approach to conservation - including his view that we must think beyond boundaries at the landscape-scale - will continue to shape our nation 's stewardship for years to come . " Hamilton took over the leadership of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in September . He was previously the regional director of the 10-state Southeast region for the agency . He was charged with a $ 484 million budget and oversight over more than 350 threatened and endangered species and 128 national wildlife refuges , according to the agency 's Web site . While regional director , he also supported the creation of a carbon sequestration program that helped restore about 80,000 acres of wildlife habitat . His colleague , Thomas Strickland , assistant secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks , praised Hamilton 's more than 30 years of service to the agency . "  Sam brought more than just a wealth of experience to the job , he brought courage and outstanding leadership , " Strickland said in a statement . "  The Department of the Interior will miss him greatly . " Hamilton first became involved with the agency when he was 15 years old , as a member of the Youth Conservation Corps in Mississippi with the Noxubee National Wildlife Refuge , according to the agency 's Web site . He is survived by his wife Becky ; sons Sam Jr. and Clay , as well as his grandson , Davis .	Hamilton had served the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for more than 30 years Interior secretary : Hamilton had "  forward-thinking approach to conservation " Hamilton was on a mountain at a Colorado ski resort when he complained of chest pains
CNN  -- Steve Jobs , the visionary who led a mobile computer revolution with the creation of wildly popular devices such as the iPhone , was mourned Thursday by admirers and competitors as much of the world awoke to news of his death . Jobs ' death was announced Wednesday by Apple , the Silicon Valley company he co-founded with Steve Wozniak . He was 56 . "  Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius , and the world has lost an amazing human being , " Apple said in a statement on its website . "  Those of us who have been fortunate enough to know and work with Steve have lost a dear friend and an inspiring mentor . " iReport : Share your memories of Jobs The hard-driving executive pioneered the concept of the personal computer and of navigating them by clicking onscreen images with a mouse . In more recent years , he introduced the iPod portable music player , the iPhone and the iPad tablet -- all of which changed how digital content was consumed . Live blog : Reaction around the world More than one pundit , praising Jobs ' ability to transform industries with his inventions , called him a modern-day Leonardo da Vinci . "  Steve Jobs is one of the great innovators in the history of modern capitalism , " New York Times columnist Joe Nocera said in August . "  His intuition has been phenomenal over the years . " Fortune : 10 ways Jobs changed the world Others championed his leadership skills . . "  He was a historical figure on the scale of a Thomas Edison or a Henry Ford , and set the mold for many other corporate leaders in many other industries , " wrote Walter Mossberg , a tech columnist for The Wall Street Journal . "  He did what a CEO should : Hired and inspired great people ; managed for the long term , not the quarter of the short-term stock price ; made big bets and took big risks . " Jobs ' death , while dreaded by Apple 's legions of fans , was not unexpected . He had battled cancer for years , took a medical leave from Apple in January and stepped down as chief executive in August because he could "  no longer meet  his  duties and expectations . " The spiritual side of Jobs Born on February 24 , 1955 , and then adopted , Jobs grew up in Cupertino , California -- which would become home to Apple 's headquarters -- and showed an early interest in electronics . As a teenager , he phoned William Hewlett , president of Hewlett-Packard , to request parts for a school project . He got them , along with an offer of a summer job at HP . Jobs dropped out of Oregon 's Reed College after one semester , although he returned to audit a class in calligraphy , which he says influenced Apple 's graceful , minimalist aesthetic . He quit one of his first jobs , designing video games for Atari , to backpack across India and take psychedelic drugs . Those experiences , Jobs said later , shaped his creative vision . While at HP , Jobs befriended Steve Wozniak , who impressed him with his skill at assembling electronic components . The two later joined a Silicon Valley computer hobbyists club , and when he was 21 , Jobs teamed with Wozniak and two other men to launch Apple Computer Inc. . "  It 's like there is a big hole left in you , " Wozniak said on CNN 's AC360 after learning of Jobs death . "  And it 's very hard to go back and ... reflect on the feelings ... and what it means . " Timeline of career It 's long been Silicon Valley legend : Jobs and Wozniak built their first commercial product , the Apple 1 , in Jobs ' parents ' garage in 1976 . Jobs sold his Volkswagen van to help finance the venture . The primitive computer , priced at $ 666.66 , had no keyboard or display , and customers had to assemble it themselves . The following year , Apple unveiled the Apple II computer at the inaugural West Coast Computer Faire . "  Steven Jobs was , and still is , an inspiration to many individuals and companies all over the world . His passing is a loss to innovators and visionaries everywhere , " said Jong-seok Park , president of LG Electronics . Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer described him as "  one of the founders of our industry and a true visionary . " Opinion : One thing we owe to Steve Jobs Jobs was among the first computer engineers to recognize the appeal of the mouse and the graphical interface , which let users operate computers by clicking on images instead of writing text . Apple 's pioneering Macintosh computer launched in early 1984 with a now-iconic , Orwellian-themed Super Bowl ad . The boxy beige Macintosh sold well , but the demanding Jobs clashed frequently with colleagues , and in 1986 , he was ousted from Apple after a power struggle . Then came a 10-year hiatus during which he founded NeXT Computer , whose pricey , cube-shaped computer workstations never caught on with consumers . Jobs had more success when he bought Pixar Animation Studios from George Lucas before the company made it big with "  Toy Story . " In 1996 , Apple bought NeXT , returning Jobs to the then-struggling company he had co-founded . Within a year , he was running Apple again -- older and perhaps wiser but no less of a perfectionist . And in 2001 , he took the stage to introduce the original iPod , the little white device that transformed portable music and kick-started Apple 's furious comeback . Thus began one of the most remarkable second acts in the history of business . Over the next decade , Jobs wowed launch-event audiences , and consumers , with one game-changing hit after another : iTunes  2003  , the iPhone  2007  , the App Store  2008  , and the iPad  2010  . Tears and tributes in China Observers marveled at Jobs ' skills as a pitchman , his ability to inspire godlike devotion among Apple "  fanboys "  and scorn from PC fans  and his "  one more thing " surprise announcements . Time after time , he sold people on a product they did n't know they needed until he invented it . And all this on an official annual salary of $ 1 . He also built a reputation as a hard-driving , mercurial and sometimes difficult boss who oversaw almost every detail of Apple 's products and rejected prototypes that did n't meet his exacting standards . By the late 2000s , his once-renegade tech company , the David to Microsoft 's Goliath , was entrenched at the uppermost tier of American business . Opinion : How Jobs saw the future Apple now operates more than 300 retail stores in 11 countries . The company has sold more than 275 million iPods , 100 million iPhones and 25 million iPads worldwide . Jobs ' climb to the top was complete in summer 2011 , when Apple listed more cash reserves than the U.S. Treasury and even briefly surpassed Exxon Mobil as the world 's most valuable company . But Jobs ' health problems sometimes cast a shadow over his company 's success . In 2004 , he announced to his employees that he was being treated for pancreatic cancer . He lost weight and appeared unusually gaunt at keynote speeches to Apple developers , spurring concerns about his health and fluctuations in the company 's stock price . One wire service accidentally published Jobs ' obituary . Jobs had a secret liver transplant in 2009 in Tennessee during a six-month medical leave of absence from Apple . He took another medical leave in January this year . Perhaps mindful of his legacy , he cooperated on his first authorized biography , scheduled to be published by Simon & Schuster in November . Jobs is survived by his wife of 20 years , Laurene , and four children , including one from a prior relationship . He always spoke with immense pride about what he and his engineers accomplished at Apple . "  Your work is going to fill a large part of your life , and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work . And the only way to do great work is to love what you do , " he said while delivering a 2005 commencement address at Stanford University . "  If you have n't found it yet , keep looking . Do n't settle . As with all matters of the heart , you 'll know when you find it . And , like any great relationship , it just gets better and better as the years roll on . " CNN 's Augie Martin contributed to this report .	Columnist : Steve Jobs "  one of the great innovators in the history of modern capitalism " Jobs co-founded Apple with Steve Wozniak in 1976 , building their first computer in a garage "  He did what a CEO should : Hired and inspired great people , " columnist says Company has sold more than 275 million iPods , 100 million iPhones and 25 million iPads
CNN  -- The Taliban fight against American and NATO troops in Afghanistan "  is forging ahead like a powerful flood , " according to a purported online message posted Saturday by the Taliban 's elusive leader , Mullah Mohammed Omar . A message from Mullah Mohammed Omar , seen here in 1996 , appears on a Web site the Taliban frequently uses . "  Anyone who opts to resist it will himself be washed away . Atrocity , torture , brutality , conspiracies , coalitions , the foreign forces and mercenaries could not hurl stumbling blocks in the way of this robust Jihadic movement , " Omar adds in the written message . The fight against foreign forces "  is approaching the edge of victory , " according to Omar . "  Our goal is to gain independence of the country and establish a just Islamic system there on the basis of the aspirations of the Muslim nation . We can consider any option that could lead to the achievement of this goal . " Omar also released a statement in December last year . CNN was unable to independently verify the authenticity of the report , which appears in English and Pashtun on a Web site frequently used by the Taliban . However , a Taliban spokesman said the message is authentic . Watch a report on the message from Kabul , Afghanistan " When contacted by CNN , the U.S. State Department said it had no direct response to Omar 's comments , which take a swipe at President Obama . "  We would like to say , we are victims of the black propaganda of the enemy media . This has created doubts between us and a number of countries of the world . They have wrongly depicted us as a force being against education and women 's rights . They also accuse us of our being a threat to the countries of the world , " Omar wrote . "  The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan calls on the public of the West not to be deceived by the assertions of Obama , who says the war in Afghanistan is a war of necessity . The West does not have to wage this war . This war , in fact , started for clandestine motives under baseless reasons . "  The humanity , as a whole , suffers from its negative consequences . The global economic meltdown , instability , lack of trust and violation of international norms is the outcome of the baseless policies -LSB- of this war -RSB- . " With 48 deaths , August was the deadliest month for U.S. service members in Afghanistan since the mission began in late 2001 . The United States now has about 62,000 U.S. troops there , and NATO allies have another 35,000 . The Pentagon plans to add 6,000 troops by the end of the year . "  We would like to point out that we fought against the British invaders for 80 years , from 1839 to 1919 , and ultimately got independence by defeating Britain , " Omar says . He advises Western nations to go back even further in Afghanistan 's history to study the period of Alexander the Great , who suffered severe losses when his army invaded the country in the fourth century . "  Today we have strong determination , military training and effective weapons . Still more , we have preparedness for a long war , and the regional situation is in our favor . Therefore , we will continue to wage Jihad until we gain independence and force the invaders to pull out , " the leader says . He urges the mujahedeen fighting the foreign forces to focus on the "  Islamic education of the masses , so that they would voluntarily participate in Jihad in person and by wealth . " In July , CNN obtained a new Taliban military "  code of conduct " document , which called for restrictions on suicide attacks as well as avoiding the killing of civilians . "  Suicide attacks should be at high-value and important targets , because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low-value and useless targets , " the code of conduct said . "  In suicide attacks , the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized , " it said . "  All mujahedeen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . " And it says that mujahedeen "  should refrain " from disfiguring people , such as the severing of ears , nose and lips . U.S. and Afghan military officials characterized the document as propaganda , and called it hypocritical . Omar 's message comes as Muslims celebrate Eid al-Fitr , which ends the fasting month of Ramadan , and less than a month before the eighth anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan , which took place after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Omar criticizes the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and "  the rampant corruption in the surrogate Kabul administration -- the embezzlement , drug trafficking , the existence of mafia networks , the tyranny and high-handedness of the warlords , and spread and increase of the centers of obscenity . " In a recent talk at the Brookings Institution , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton noted , "  Corruption is as big a national security threat as I can imagine " in Afghanistan . The United States has "  to take some of the responsibility " for it , she said . "  We aided and abetted it in implicit ways by not demanding more earlier . "	Fight against foreign forces to gain independence nearing "  edge of victory , " he says Omar takes swipe at President Obama for saying war is a necessity August was deadliest month for U.S. service members since mission began
CNN  -- With such events as men 's downhill and women 's slopestyle , Sunday 's competition at the Sochi Winter Games may best described by the Olympic motto : Faster , higher , stronger . Here are five things to watch : Men 's downhill finals America 's Bode Miller , who may be the old man on the mountain at age 36 , is looking to become king of the hill , er , downhill during Sunday 's Olympic finals . He 's laid down some of the fiercest and fastest training runs in the lead-up to what is widely considered one of Alpine skiing 's marquee events , and nobody doubts he will push it to the limit to add a gold medal to his previous Winter Games haul of one gold , three silvers and a bronze . As those who follow the sport know , it only takes one bobble , one skid , one miscalculation on the 2.2-mile course at Rosa Khutor , and it could be all over . Miller 's competitors in the downhill are n't going to just let him walk away with a medal , he 's going to have to fight for it among a fast field . Who to watch : Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway , who took silver in the men 's downhill and the gold in the super-G during the Vancouver Games in 2010 . He put up the second-fastest time on Saturday 's training run behind Miller , according to Bleacher Report . Switzerland 's Didier Defago , who took the gold in the event in Vancouver , and Austria 's Matthais Mayer , whose training run Friday on the course eclipsed Miller , also are likely to be in the medal hunt . Women 's slopestyle finals At age 23 , Jamie Anderson of the United States is considered one of the pioneers of women 's snowboard slopestyle .  Think downhill obstacle course with rails and jumps . So perhaps it is fitting that she is one of the odds-on favorites to medal in the event , making its Olympic debut at the Sochi Games . But do n't count out Austria 's Anna Gasser , who qualified for the event semifinal and final with the highest-scoring run . Anderson finished second . As Sage Kotsenburg of Team USA proved Saturday by winning an unexpected gold medal in men 's slopestyle , anything is possible . Who else to watch : Australia 's Torah Bright , the 2010 Olympic gold medalist in the halfpipe , is a force to be reckoned with after putting in a solid qualifying run . Figure skating team finals It 's the final day of the Olympic debut of the team figure skating competition , and the field of 10 has been narrowed down to five teams . Here 's what to know : Russia , Canada , the United States , Italy and Japan are vying for medals . So how do they do that ? On Sunday , the teams will put forward skaters to compete in the men 's , women 's and ice dancing free programs . In armchair Olympic-speak , that means the long programs . The team with the highest overall score wins the gold , second highest gets the silver , third highest . ... You get the idea . No ? Tune in to watch it . Men 's skiathlon 30k finals Ski-what-a-thon ? Skiathlon , or in everyday language competitive cross-country skiing . Think of it this way . It 's a 30-kilometer race where skiers switch out their classic cross country skis after 15 kilometers to skating skis , where they ski for another 15 kilometers . Switzerland 's Dario Cologna , a dominant force in the sport , is considered the favorite going into the race . Who else to watch : Petter Northug of Norway , who won two gold medals in Vancouver in 2010 , is known for his sprint finishes , and Martin Johnsrud Sundby of Norway , who finished second at last year 's World Championship Skiathlon , are expected to be in the hunt for medals . Men 's individual normal hill ski jumping finals Ski jumping seems like an adrenaline junkie 's dream , strapping on a pair of skis , flying down a ramp and launching into the air . And it 's pretty cool to watch , too . If the qualifying rounds are any indication , the finals on Sunday should not disappoint . Poland 's Kamil Stoch , the reigning World Cup champion , is the favorite . Who else to watch : Simon Ammann of Switzerland , who is trying to win a fifth Olympic gold , Germany 's Severin Freund and Austria 's Gregor Schlierenzauer are also contenders .	Bode Miller of Team USA is considered a gold medal favorite in men 's downhill American Jamie Anderson and Austrian Anna Grasse will face off in women 's slopestyle Switzerland 's Dario Cologna and Norway 's Petter Northug will fight it out in the skiathlon
CNN  -- Earlier this month Sen. Rand Paul  R-Kentucky  visited Howard University to take a swing at repairing relations between African Americans and the Republican Party . As famed sportscaster Harry Kalas would have said , it was largely a swing and a miss . Paul struck out when he tried to equate today 's Republican Party with the party of Abraham Lincoln , while ignoring much of the 150 years in between .  He even acknowledged his mistakes shortly after  . But his willingness to step up to the plate can provide a lesson for a GOP struggling to get on top . Republicans will not win black votes by paying lip service to party history while attacking social programs and voting rights . But they can make inroads by showing a commitment to civil rights , something Paul managed to do briefly in his remarks . Paul received applause when he told the Howard crowd , "  We should not have drug laws or a court system that disproportionately punishes the black community . " He illustrated using one issue where the GOP can connect with black voters : criminal justice reform . Just before the 2012 elections , the NAACP took a nonpartisan survey of black voters in key swing states . We found that 55 % of African Americans believe Republicans "  do n't care at all about civil rights " while another 32 % think the party "  just says what minorities want to hear . " But 14 % said they would be more likely to vote for a Republican in the future , if they found a candidate who demonstrated a strong commitment to civil rights . Mass incarceration is a fundamental civil rights issue . African Americans make up 40 % of the 2.4 million people in America 's bloated prison system . That includes the vast majority of those in prison for nonviolent drug offenses . If current trends continue , one in three black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his life . As Paul demonstrated , mass incarceration is also a fundamental conservative issue . State spending on prisons has tripled over the last 30 years , reaching $ 70 billion in 2008 . Federal prisons are at 139 % capacity , often thanks to harsh mandatory minimum sentences . And who pays for all these guards , beds and three square meals a day ? Taxpayers . In fact , some red states have led the way on criminal justice reform . In Georgia , South Carolina and Texas , Republican legislatures have teamed up with progressives to increase options for parole and reduce mandatory minimums . In Texas , the NAACP and progressive activists worked with leaders of the Tea Party to pass a dozen reform measures . Last year , Texas scheduled the first prison closure in state history . Rand Paul is not the first national Republican leader to speak up , either . Newt Gingrich and Jeb Bush are both members of the conservative think tank Right on Crime . And in 2011 , Gingrich joined Grover Norquist and other unlikely allies - including Mike Jiminez , the president of California 's prison guard union -- to endorse the NAACP 's report , Misplaced Priorities : Over Incarcerate , Under Educate . The report revealed how the rise in prison spending has caused states to spend less on education . These alliances should draw the attention of Republican leaders . Many Democrats shy away from talking about criminal justice reform , for fear of being labeled "  soft on crime . " According to the NAACP 's election survey , 42 % of African American voters believe the Democratic Party is failing them on criminal justice . The GOP has a chance to fill the leadership vacuum and demonstrate their civil rights bona fides . Paul is poised to lead the conversation on criminal justice reform . At Howard he touted the "  Justice Safety Valve Act of 2013 , " which he recently introduced with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , the Democratic senator from Vermont . The bill would allow federal judges to bypass federal mandatory minimum sentences if the sentence is too lengthy or if it simply does not fit the crime . Paul told students that his friends called him "  either brave or crazy " for showing up at Howard University , a statement that says more about his friends than the audience at Howard . Nonetheless , Paul and his Republican Party would display true bravery , and political savvy , by taking this opportunity to walk Lincoln 's walk and take on the new Jim Crow . Moving from "  tough on crime " to "  smart on crime " would be good for this country . It would also be a smart move for the Republican Party if they ever hope to get on base with black voters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous .	Benjamin Jealous : Rand Paul 's attempt to heal rift between blacks and GOP fell short He says if GOP wants to draw black votes , it can start by committing to civil rights One way is criminal justice reform , Jealous says Jealous : Sentencing reform , education would bring down spending . GOP , get on board
CNN  -- Nobody 's perfect . And despite generally strong reviews and record early sales , the iPhone 4S is no exception . Apple 's new phone went on sale Friday in the U.S. and six other countries , and maybe no rollout this massive  Apple reported selling 4 million of the new phones over the weekend  could be expected to be without problems . So far , there 's been no 4S equivalent to the iPhone 4 's "  Antennagate . " But as folks put their new gadget through its paces , some early complaints have appeared on online message boards . Some of these may be early-run blips  that 's how we 're going to categorize the problems that some customers had activating their phones over the weekend  . Whether they become enduring causes of headaches remains to be seen .  Apple did not immediately respond to our request for comment . But here are five of the most frequent complaints we 've heard about the iPhone 4S : 1 . Slow service on Sprint The big news on the carrier front for the iPhone 4S was that Sprint would be added as an approved mobile carrier , joining AT&T and Verizon . But some Sprint customers did n't get off to a very good start . Many users were reporting slow data speed for the first couple of days . A thread on the Sprint community forum has 23 pages of people talking about slow data speed . "  Sprint , we need some answer . Are you guys doing iPhone specific throttling ? " one person posted . "  You will lose your customer if the customer finding their iPhone unusable ... " This is n't the first time Sprint 's speed has come into question . In PCMag 's June survey of the fastest mobile networks , Sprint trailed Verizon and AT&T in most regions of the country . A Sprint news release said Friday was the biggest sales day of a mobile device in its history , surpassing expectations . "  As always , Sprint is carefully monitoring the performance of the 3G network , " Sprint spokesman Scott Sloat said in a written statement to CNN . "  We are looking into a small number of reports of slow data speeds when using the iPhone 4S , however there are also reports showing that Sprint 's network is the fastest , such as the Gizmodo report that came out earlier today . " 2 . Weak battery At the October 4 presentation unveiling the iPhone 4S , Phil Schiller , Apple vice president for product management , praised its "  fantastic battery life " that would allow people to talk for eight hours before needing to charge the device again . But that 's not the experience everyone is reporting . Apple review site iLounge published a review of the phone , including battery-life comparisons . "  After three days of non-stop testing , we had a clear answer : The iPhone 4S is generally more power hungry than the iPhone 4 , and Apple has only made the slightest capacity improvement to the iPhone 4S 's battery , " the review reads . "  Moreover , whereas Apple underpromised with the iPhone 4 's battery estimates , it comes closer to overpromising with the iPhone 4S . " The review says that using Wi-Fi consistently and using the phone mainly for calls and Web browsing wears the battery out at roughly the same speed as the iPhone 4 , while playing videos and music or using a 3G connection will drain it faster . 3 . Siri outside the United States Demand for the iPhone 4S was clearly global . But one of its biggest selling-points , the built-in voice assistant Siri , only works fully stateside . While many of its built-in features work anywhere , location based actions do n't . So , using Siri to , say , find a local business or get driving directions , does n't work elsewhere . Even queries asking for the time of day were n't working in Canada , according to some reports . Compounding that problem  for some folks both inside and outside the U.S.  is the fact that Siri has trouble understanding heavy accents . It currently works with English , French and German  with more languages coming  . But non-native English speakers have reported lots of trouble . We can only imagine how Siri 's doing in Scotland . 4 . Camera problems Another big selling point for the 4S is its 8-megapixel camera , which is a pretty significant jump from the 5 megapixels on the iPhone 4 and 3 megapixels on the iPhone 3GS . Reviews of the images the phone renders have been overwhelmingly positive , with users reporting a major difference in clarity . But the same "  shutter speed " issues users have complained about on previous iPhones appear to be back again . In a forum discussion on Apple 's site , some reported that when they 'd take a photo , the camera got stuck with the shutter closed or moved really slowly . Others said the camera was n't working at all , although it looks like they were largely able to fix that by turning the phone off and restarting . 5 . Screen appearance At least it looks like there 's an easy answer for this one . Some buyers are reporting a yellowish tint or spots on the screen of their phones , making the resolution fuzzier than older phones . This is an issue that previous iPhones had as well . While Apple has never officially explained it  presumably because it has n't impacted enough people  , technicians have reportedly said it 's residue from the manufacturing process . The tint tends to fade after a couple of days .	The iPhone 4S has been massively popular , but there have been some complaints Some Sprint customers have griped about slow data speeds Tests show that the 4S battery life , in some instances , is weaker than the iPhone 4 's "  Voice assistant " Siri ca n't give directions or find locations outside the United States
CNN  -- The surprise announcement on Thursday that Eric Holder will resign as attorney general has D.C. buzzing . And the big question on everyone 's mind : Who will replace him ? Holder has been in his position since the start of President Barack Obama 's first term . In fact , he 's one of only three remaining original members of Obama 's Cabinet  Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack are the others .  The attorney general also is a close personal friend of Obama , and sources tell CNN that the President will be looking to appoint a successor with whom he has a relationship . Eric Holder 's legacy So who might be chosen to fill Holder 's shoes ? Here 's a list of seven candidates who definitely will be in the mix for the job , in no particular order . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick Deval Patrick is one of the names consistently floated as a hypothetical replacement for Holder . Patrick worked as an assistant attorney general in the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department during the Clinton administration , and is a friend of Obama . The timing is also convenient for Patrick . He 's not seeking reelection in Massachusetts and will be out of his job come January . Patrick would likely face a tough confirmation in the Senate though , and particularly if Republicans take back control of the upper chamber in the midterm elections . Plus , he might have his eye on a bigger job . There has been speculation that he 's considering a presidential run in 2016 . Obama said in an interview with a local Boston news station earlier this year that he thinks Patrick "  would make a great president or vice president . " Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. . The nation 's top lawyer , Donald Verrilli Jr. , is another name mentioned as a potential new AG . Verrilli has served as solicitor general since 2011 , and in that role he 's argued several landmark cases before the Supreme Court on behalf of the administration , including the Affordable Care Act case . Before he took over as solicitor general -- replacing Elena Kagan after her confirmation to the Supreme Court -- Verrilli served as deputy counsel to Obama . One potential con for Verrilli though is that he is an older white male , and the administration may be looking to replace Holder with a younger or more diverse candidate . California Attorney General Kamala Harris A rising star in the Democratic Party , Kamala Harris is another person whose name will definitely be thrown into the conversation . Harris is the first female , the first African-American and the first Asian-American attorney general in California . Well-known in California for her legal work , Harris might be best remembered on the national level for the small controversy last year that occurred after the President referred to her as "  the best-looking attorney general " at a fundraiser in California . Like Deval Patrick however , Harris would likely face a tough Senate confirmation , particularly in a Republican-controlled Senate , because she is seen as very liberal . Kathy Ruemmler , former White House counsel Ruemmler served as White House counsel from 2011 until earlier this year . She 's a close confidante of the president and very well-respected sources tell CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger that Ruemmler is indeed a strong contender for the job . One potential knock on her , Borger notes , is her former role as the president 's lawyer might raise questions about how independent a Justice Department under her rule would be from the administration . Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York Like Holder , Bharara has served in the Obama administration for six years . Bharara was nominated to serve as the U.S. attorney for New York 's Southern District  which encompasses Bronx , New York and Westchester counties , among others  in May 2009 . Sources tell Borger that Bharara 's name is certainly on the list , but a potential factor working against him is that he 's not well-known to many people , including the President . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson Before he became the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security last year , Jeh Johnson was a lawyer for the Department of Defense . Working in Johnson 's favor : He was confirmed 78-16 to his current post . Working against Johnson : Removing him from DHS would put Obama in the position of finding a replacement -- not ideal right now , given the new threats from ISIS and the Khorasan group . Loretta Lynch , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York In May , 2010 Lynch was appointed to serve as the U.S. attorney in New York 's Eastern District , which includes high-profile areas like Brooklyn , Queens and Staten Island , for a second time . She previously served in that job toward the end of the Clinton administration , from 1999 to 2001 . Although she may not have the same national name recognition as others on the list , a source tells CNN 's Gloria Borger that Lynch is a known quantity to Obama . CNN 's Evan Perez and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Attorney General Eric Holder to step down from his position after high-profile tenure Holder is one of three original appointees in Obama 's Cabinet New appointee could face heated confirmation hearings
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Roberto Sanchez , the Argentine singer known as "  Sandro " and who drew comparisons to Elvis Presley , died Monday night after complications from surgery , his doctor told reporters . He was 64 . Sandro 's romantic ballads made him a star in the 1960s , but he first found the limelight as rock and roll singer who imitated Elvis ' style . In his long career , Sandro recorded dozens of albums and also acted in 16 movies , according to the Web site Rock.com.ar . He is considered one of the pioneers of the Spanish Rock movement . The singer was also known as "  El Gitano , " or "  the Gypsy , " because of his family 's Roma roots . Some accounts place Sandro as the first Latino artist to sell out Madison Square Garden in New York . Sandro died at the Italian Hospital in Mendoza , Argentina , where he was being treated for complications from a heart and lung transplant last month . He is survived by his wife , Olga Garaventa . Funeral arrangements are pending .	Argentine singer Roberto Sanchez dies at age 64 following surgery complications , his doctor says Performance style in the 1960s drew comparisons to Elvis Presley "  Sandro " was considered one of pioneers of Latin rock music movement Singer also nicknamed "  El Gitano " or "  The Gypsy " because of his family 's Roma roots
CNN  -- At least 20 police officers were feared killed Tuesday in a Maoist raid in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh , authorities said . "  Unconfirmed sources tell us 20 policemen have lost their lives , " said Arun Dev Gautam , the state police inspector general . The morning attack targeted a police security team of about 40 personnel in Sukma district , he said . Gautam did n't rule out the use of landmines in the assault believed to involve 200 rebel fighters . The Maoists ambushed the police team , which included state and armed federal personnel , as it provided security to construction workers , he said . At a police conference in New Delhi in November , India 's home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde described the rebels as a "  major threat " to national security . At least 97 security personnel and as many guerrillas were killed in Maoist assaults last year , he said . The rebels , officials say , aim to seize power through an armed liberation struggle . Since the 1960s , the militants have said they are fighting for the dispossessed . Authorities suspect that Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities , but also among youth and intellectuals . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the insurgents also attack infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks . In 2013 : Indian politician suffered brutal treatment in Maoist attack	Morning attack targets a police security team The victims include state and armed federal officials India 's home minister describes the rebels as a "  major threat " to national security
CNN  Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf halted all executions in his state Friday , citing the state 's "  error prone " justice system and "  inherent biases " among his reasons for the moratorium . "  I take this action only after significant consideration and reflection , " Wolf said Friday . "  There is perhaps no more weighty a responsibility assigned to the governor than his or her role as the final check in the capital punishment process . " Wolf , a Democrat who ran his family 's cabinet manufacturing business before becoming governor in January , said the moratorium would be in place until a task force examining capital punishment in Pennsylvania issues its final report . "  If the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is going to take the irrevocable step of executing a human being , its capital sentencing system must be infallible , " he said . "  Pennsylvania 's system is riddled with flaws , making it error prone , expensive and anything but infallible . " It is a flawed system steeped in bigotry , according to Wolf . "  Numerous recent studies have called into question the accuracy and fundamental fairness of Pennsylvania 's capital sentencing system , " he said . "  These studies suggest that inherent biases affect the makeup of death row . While data is incomplete , there are strong indications that a person is more likely to be charged with a capital offense and sentenced to death if he is poor or of a minority racial group , and particularly where the victim of the crime was Caucasian . " The governor stressed that the impetus was to re-examine a flawed system of justice , and in no way a sentence commutation for the 186 individuals on Pennsylvania 's death row . "  This moratorium is in no way an expression of sympathy for the guilty on death row , all of whom have been convicted of committing heinous crimes , " Wolf said . "  This decision is based on a flawed system that has been proven to be an endless cycle of court proceedings as well as ineffective , unjust and expensive . " According to the Death Penalty Information Center , Pennsylvania has executed three inmates since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 , the last being in 1999 . All were white males . Wolf 's action Friday has the most immediate effect on Terrance Williams , a convicted killer who was scheduled to die March 4 . A district attorney who is prosecuting a man charged with killing a state trooper decried Wolf 's move as "  unilateral and potentially unlawful . " Pike County District Attorney Raymond Tonkin 's office last month said it would seek the death penalty in the case of Eric Frein , accused of killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and injuring Trooper Alex T. Douglass in a September ambush outside a state police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . Tonkin said Wolf 's move "  does not serve as any legal impediment to my office 's pursuit of justice " in the case against Frein , charged with first-degree murder , terrorism and other counts . "  In announcing his action , the governor has usurped the authority of the legislature and courts in setting the lawful punishment for convicted killers . This unilateral action will only cause more pain and confusion to families who have suffered the actions of the worst criminals , " Tonkin said . Frein , who was arrested in October after a nearly seven-week manhunt , pleaded not guilty last month . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf issued a moratorium on executions Friday Wolf : System is error prone and inherently biased Wolf waiting until a state task force examining capital punishment issues its recommendations
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Thursday 's coordinated attack on Israeli soldiers and civilians , the deadliest in more than two years , spawned reprisal , rhetoric and questions over security in neighboring Egypt . Israel 's military said it launched an airstrike against militants in Gaza on Thursday , hours after a string of bold attacks on buses , civilian vehicles and soldiers left seven Israelis dead in the southern part of the country . Palestinian medical officials said an airstrike north of Gaza City killed a boy in a home and injured five early Friday . Three other people were injured , they said , in a strike on a Hamas government compound south of the city . Israeli police said an eighth Israeli , a special operations officer , was killed late Thursday in fighting with Sinai border infiltrators . "  We all witnessed today an attempt to escalate the terrorist war against Israel by launching of attacks from the Sinai , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . "  If there is someone who thinks that the state of Israel will let this pass , he is mistaken . " The Popular Resistance Committees in Gaza , whose leaders were targeted in the airstrike , and Hamas denied involvement in the terror attacks on Israel , with the latter claiming Israel was looking for a pretext to attack Gaza . The first retaliatory Israeli airstrike occurred just west of Rafah , close to the Egyptian border , and killed six people , Palestinian medical and security sources said . The victims were five Popular Resistance Committees members and the son of one of the members . Kamal Nirab , head of the group in Gaza ; Imad Hamed , head of its military wing ; and Khaled Shaat , a senior operative , were among those targeted , the IDF said . "  IDF 's blows are now hitting the heads of the committees in Gaza , " Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said . "  The people who gave the order to murder our citizens and that were hiding in Gaza are no longer alive , " Netanyahu said . Late Thursday , the IDF said forces intercepted a rocket fired on Israel from Gaza . Hours earlier , six civilians and one Israeli soldier were killed and 40 people were wounded in attacks about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from the Israeli city of Eilat , close to the Israeli-Egyptian border . Israeli soldiers exchanged gunfire with the assailants and killed seven militants , the military said . Popular Resistance Committees militants attacked with the intention of kidnapping an Israeli civilian or soldier , the IDF said . Israel believes that the attacks had their roots in Gaza but were coming out of the neighboring Egyptian region of Sinai . They come amid what Barak says is "  the weakening of Egyptian control over Sinai . " Egypt claims it has been cracking down on terror groups in its portion of the Sinai , exchanging fire with militants on its side of the border . Khaled Fouda , the governor of Southern Sinai , an Egyptian province , said "  the security at border has not been affected by the revolution , and no one from Egypt has crossed through to conduct the attacks on Israel . " "  The distance between the place of the attack and the border of Egypt is too far to allow the sort of attack conducted on the Israelis today with the weapons used , " Fouda added . Senior Egyptian military and security officials told CNN that two members of the Central Security Forces  CSF  and one military officer were killed in clashes near the southern border between Israel and Egypt . Gen. Saleh Al Masry , head of security in North Sinai Province , said an Israeli helicopter was in action over the area , chasing militants in the aftermath of the attacks on Israelis . "  The Israeli ground troops engaged with armed militants 200 meters from the Egyptian border which may have also led to casualties on the Egyptian side , " said Egyptian army spokesman Lt. Col. Amr Imam . "  We have reinforced our border guards and raised the level of alert . " The incident allegedly occurred east of Ras Al-Naqab , about 13 kilometers north of Taba . An Israeli army spokesperson told CNN in Jerusalem the IDF had no information on the Egyptian claims . Hamas denied responsibility for the earlier strikes against Israelis and condemned "  the crime in Rafah . " Ihab Al Ghosen , a Hamas spokesman , said the Interior Ministry "  announced a state of emergency and told the people to be careful and take all the measures needed , hospitals are on high alert , and concentrations of security forces were evacuated . " Abu Suhayb , the spokesman for the Popular Resistance Committees , said the group would have announced its involvement if it were responsible . "  We warned Israel not to blame us just because it is easy for them to do so , " he said . "  All the options are open now for reaction , from kidnapping soldiers , to suicide attacks inside Israel and to shelling with rockets . " Israel had been on heightened alert in the south of the country , and an elite counter-terrorism unit was in the area , according to an Israeli government source who does n't want to be identified because he can not speak publicly about the matter . The counter-terrorism unit and Israeli soldiers responded to the attacks , the source said . The incident began when shots were fired at a civilian bus traveling from Beer Sheva to Eilat , near the community of Netafim . Attackers also fired shots at another bus and two civilian vehicles . Eilat is a resort town on Israel 's southern tip , near Egypt 's Sinai border . Officials say it 's likely there were both civilians and active-duty soldiers traveling by bus in the area because it was the start of the weekend and soldiers might have been going on breaks to the Eilat area . Later , IDF soldiers were injured when an explosive device was detonated as they arrived on the scene . Several mortar shells "  were simultaneously fired from the Gaza Strip at soldiers conducting routine maintenance work on the security fence on the Israel-Egypt border . " That was a bit farther north along the border from the bus attack , the IDF said . "  This is a malicious attack on innocent civilians , who were on their way to the known tourist destination city , Eilat , for their summer vacation , " the IDF said . "  The IDF will pursue those responsible for this attack at all costs and will not allow any further harm to Israeli civilians . " Barak said Israel "  will not always be able to prevent such attacks . " "  The Egyptian control over Sinai is weakening , and this is probably the reason that this attack that originated in Gaza has made it all the way down here . " "  In light of what 's happening near Eilat , our deepest condolences go out to the victims , their families and loved ones , of what appears to be a brutal and cowardly act of terrorism in southern Israel , " the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv said . Eilat generally has not endured the kind of strife faced by other regions including the swath of southern Israel near Gaza , the coastal Palestinian territory just south of the Jewish state along its west coast . Across the border , the Egyptian army and police are cracking down in an "  anti-terror " operation in the Sinai area of Egypt , state-owned media reported Tuesday , as reports emerged of Osama bin Laden 's doctor surfacing in the area . Police said they found hand grenades , machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and ammunition in the operation that targets Sinai "  terror cells " suspected in attacks on a gas pipeline to Israel and a police station in the border town of el-Arish . Since the overthrow of the Mubarak regime , the security situation in Sinai has dramatically deteriorated . Senior Egyptian officials said several weeks ago that more than 23,000 prisoners escaped from prisons in Egypt in late January and February because of the breakdown in regime authority . About one-third of the escapees have been recaptured , but many apparently traveled to the Sinai to take advantage of the relative absence of state security . Many of the weapons looted from police stations ransacked during the revolution ended up in the Sinai . Travel between Egypt and Gaza has become much easier since the Military Council reopened the border crossing at Rafah in late May . But along with traders -- and Gazans just wanting a break from their cramped sliver of territory -- there are signs that Islamist groups have begun taking advantage of weaker security . The crossing is the only land passage out of Gaza not directly under Israeli control . Questions are being raised about the Egyptian military presence in the demilitarized zone in Sinai , which was created under the terms of the Camp David Agreement signed in 1978 between Egypt and Israel . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Michal Zippori , Talal Abu Rahma , Guy Azriel and Ben Wedeman and journalist Mohamad Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Egypt says three troops killed in clashes near border Death toll rises in Israel after later incident Egyptian official says border security not affected by revolution Netanyahu says the people who gave the order to attack are dead
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini believes his squad is now "  complete " and ready for the challenge of a new Primera Division campaign . Manuel Pellegrini is encouraged with the performances of Cristiano Ronaldo and company in pre-season . The Bernabeu club have invested heavily in their side over the summer , bringing in the likes of Kaka , Cristiano Ronaldo , Xabi Alonso and Karim Benzema in a bid to wrest the domestic and Champions League trophies away from rivals Barcelona . The pre-season signs have been encouraging , and they rounded off their preparations with a 4-0 rout of Norwegian side Rosenborg on Monday . Pellegrini is hopeful it will all come together again when they kick off their Spanish Liga campaign against Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday . "  The pre-season has been very positive and we 've managed to prepare the squad well , allowing every man to play more or less the same time , " he told the club 's official Web site . "  The team is solid in defence and has potential in attack . We keep possession more on our opponent 's half of the pitch , allowing us to showcase our technical differences . "  This squad is complete . It gives us alternatives to try out different things . We still have to polish some aspects of our game , but I 'm not worried about that . " Pellegrini has also been impressed by Ronaldo , although he believes the Portugal winger requires more time to settle in following his move from Manchester United . "  Cristiano Ronaldo needs a little time to adapt to his new team 's style . Every player on the squad is working hard to be fit and play well , " the coach added . "  Cristiano has experienced a change in style and now lives in a different country . He needs a little more time unlike those who already know La Liga . " Ronaldo himself is looking forward to the challenges ahead , with Real desperate to improve on their showing last term . "  The team is doing well . We are working hard and preparing for the start of La Liga , " he said . "  I feel comfortable and relaxed . I am working hard and I am waiting for the league to begin . I 'm sure things will turn out as we want them to . "  We must take things slowly , get in good shape and think positively at all times . "	Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini says that his squad is now "  complete " Bernabeu giants have invested heavily in their side over the summer months Pellegrini reveals that Real Madrid 's pre-season form has been encouraging
CNN  -- And so the carnival carries on . Brazil , the team which manages to thrill and frustrate almost simultaneously , clinched its place in the quarterfinal of the World Cup following a tension-fueled encounter with Chile . A 3-2 victory on penalties following a 1-1 draw in Belo Horizonte means Luiz Felipe Scolari 's side 's quest to win the World Cup on home soil remains alive . It will now turn its attention to a last eight contest with Colombia -- a team which has thrilled so far in this tournament . While Brazil will take the plaudits , Chile should be commended for a performance which at times defied the ability of the human body to run and hustle as its players did . Having already scored an own-goal to gift Brazil a 19th minute lead , Gonzalo Jara was to be the fall guy at the death . With Brazil leading the shootout 3-2 , Jara needed to score to keep his country in the tournament . As he stood , eyes firmly on the goal , two nations held their breath -- but only one broke out into ecstasy as the ball smashed against the post and rolled away to safety . As those in red flopped to the ground , their bodies bruised and beaten , tears running down their faces , their opponents danced their way around the field , perhaps more out of relief than happiness . Brazil , still haunted by its failure 64 years ago when it was beaten by Uruguay in the 1950 final , can not afford anything but triumph . It will now move on to face Colombia in Fortaleza on Friday -- but there will still be some concerns over Brazil 's performance . This was not the showing of a side which appeared ready to become World champion . Poor in possession , unnerving in defense , most of those at the Estadio Mineirao were put through a painstaking afternoon as its side seldom showed what has become expected of a Brazilian side . And yet , before kickoff , every single historic fact pointed towards a Brazil victory . Brazil , which had not lost a competitive home game since 1975 , has dominated encounters between the two sides in recent years . On the 26 occasions Chile had ventured onto Brazilian turf to face the host nation , it had lost 20 and drawn six -- not a record to inspire confidence ahead of a last-16 clash . Add to that Brazil 's victory over Chile in South Africa four years ago and it 's easy to understand why Scolari 's men headed into the contest as the favorite . But this Chile side , coached by the irrepressible Jorge Sampaoli , appears to have little interest in history . Its victory over world champion Spain during the group stage gave a glimpse of the talent within the squad and led by the prolific Alexis Sanchez , it soon gave notice that it was not about to allow Brazil to simply swat it aside . Even when it fell behind , Jara , inadvertently directing Thiago Silva 's header into his own net off eventual goalscorer David Luiz , Chile refused to buckle . Playing with an energy and intensity which belied the energy sapping conditions , the visiting side soon crafted an equalizer , which perhaps owed more to Brazil 's poor defending than any Chilean magic . A careless pass allowed Chile to pick up possession and Sanchez weaved his way into the penalty area before carefully placing the ball beyond the outstretched arm of Julio Cesar . The Barcelona forward , who has scored 10 goals in his past 14 international games , has been his side 's talisman throughout the tournament -- and his pace , power and trickery continued to cause Brazil problems . But where Sanchez managed to shine , Neymar , the man who had lit up this World Cup , failed to find his way into the contest . The 22-year-old , who had scored four goals in his opening three games , received a kick in the first half which appeared to leave him struggling . But Brazil 's golden boy , even when not fully fit , still managed to cause problems and his header from an Oscar cross flew narrowly wide as the host nation threatened . Minutes later , Neymar was at it again -- this time leaving the Chilean defense for dead only for the much maligned Fred to lash the ball harmlessly over the crossbar . After a fierce and frantic first half , both teams emerged in more cautious manner following the interval . Chile , so disciplined in defense and careful in possession , appeared to be the calmer of the two as nerves began to creep into Brazil 's game . And yet , for all of Brazil 's inability to keep the ball , it still looked the more threatening . As those draped in yellow packed inside the Estadio Mineirao began to raise their voices , its players began to respond . But instead of the goal it so badly craved , Brazil could only find frustration . Hulk , the man with a comic book hero 's name but with the first touch of a dastardly villain , thought he had found a way through . The forward took Marcelo 's long ball on his chest but the ball appeared to roll down his arm before he fired the ball past Claudio Bravo . As the Brazilians around the world rejoiced , the whistle of English referee Howard Webb could scarcely be heard . First , there was disbelief . Then there was frustration . Then anger . Webb 's call looked to have taken the wind out of Brazil 's sails -- and it could have been heading out of the tournament but for a wonderful save by Cesar . Mauricio Isla made his way down the right and his cross picked out the tireless Charles Aranguiz , whose effort was brilliantly parried by the Brazilian goalkeeper . With both sets of players appearing to settle for extra-time , chances were at a premium , although Bravo denied both Neymar and Hulk as the clock ticked down . Extra time became a war of attrition with both sides guilty of giving the ball away and both sets of players desperate not to lose rather than being desperate to win . And yet , with a minute of extra time remaining , Chile came within millimeters of dumping Brazil out of the World Cup . Maurico Pinilla , a substitute , received the ball just outside the penalty area before swiveling sharply and smashing an audacious effort against the crossbar . "  That near goal right at the end has been really hard for us , " Chile coach Sampaoli told reporters . "  If we had scored , we would have made history for ever . It would have been the ` Mineirazo ' . We so nearly won . " With the crossbar still shaking , both sets of players were left to confront the dreaded scenario of penalty kicks . Luiz was the first man to step up -- showing no sign of being overawed by the occasion and coolly firing the ball past Bravo . Then it was left to Cesar to steal the show as he denied Pinilla and Sanchez with two fine saves . Brazil appeared to be coasting but there was still a twist in the tale as Willian and then Hulk both failed and Aranguiz and Marcelo Diaz brought Chile level . Neymar then showed nerves of steel to put Brazil back in front before Jara struck his effort against the inside of the post . Up stepped Jara -- the weight of a nation upon his shoulders and a sea of yellow shirts which would drown him given the chance . The defender stepped up and struck his kick to the goalkeeper 's left only for the ball to hit the inside of the post and roll away to safety . First , there was silence . Then came the roar -- the outpouring of relief . Then the singing , the dancing , the realization that Brazil 's dream remains alive . While Chile 's players fell to the ground inconsolable with grief , Brazil 's ran into each others arms and celebrated . Lucky ? Fortuitous ? Nobody wearing yellow will care . The dream lives on . Brazil 2014 World Cup : Colombia to face hosts Brazil in quarterfinals 5 things : What to watch for at the World Cup on Sunday	Brazil defeats Chile 3-2 on penalties Game had finished at 1-1 after 120 minutes David Luiz goal had given Brazil advantage Alexis Sanchez equalized for Chile
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan planned to check herself into a substance abuse rehab program Monday , a source close to the actress said . The source did not reveal which rehab program Lohan had chosen . Lohan 's entry into rehab comes three days after a Los Angeles , California , judge ordered her to jail without bail in the wake of a failed drug test . She spent just 14 hours in jail because another judge allowed her to post a bond Friday evening . She spent 23 days in a court-ordered rehab program at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center last month , following 13 days in a Los Angeles County jail . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away over night , " Lohan wrote in a September 17 Twitter message . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " Her father , Michael Lohan , has been urging his daughter to go to rehab voluntarily . "  Finally , they listened to me , " he said Sunday . He said on Friday that he was praying that defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley "  does the right thing and advises her to go right into rehab now , and show the judge she 's serious , because in 30 days when she goes back before the judge he can do whatever he wants . " Lohan posted a $ 300,000 bail and was released from jail late Friday night , the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department said . A judge granted Lohan bail Friday night , overturning a decision earlier in the day that sent the actress to jail until a probation revocation hearing four weeks away , a court spokesman said . The bail terms required Lohan to be fitted with a SCRAM alcohol-detection bracelet , Los Angeles County Superior Court spokesman Allan Parachini said . Judge Patricia Schnegg granted Lohan 's bail after Holley filed documents just before court closed Friday afternoon , Parachini said . Judge Eldin Fox ordered the preliminary revocation of Lohan 's probation Friday morning based on a probation report saying she tested positive for controlled-substance use . The probation revocation hearing was set for October 22 . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident , she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills , California . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu , California , drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica , California , police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . "	A source close to the actress did not reveal which rehab facility she 's entering Lohan admitted failing a drug test two weeks ago Lindsay Lohan spent 14 hours in jail Friday She was released from rehab after 23 days last month
CNN  -- When talking to Sandra Bullock , it wo n't be long before she mentions that special guy in her life : her 3-year-old son , Louis . The 49-year-old single parent has been frank about putting her role as a mom ahead of her role as America 's Sweetheart , recently telling Vogue magazine that she would n't hesitate to "  move to Alaska " should her career begin to negatively impact Louis . But for now , Bullock is still ensconced in Hollywood . The actress has been selective with taking new work after her Oscar-winning turn in 2009 's "  The Blind Side , " but her decision to star in Alfonso Cuarón 's October space thriller "  Gravity " just might lead Bullock into another busy awards season . Sandra Bullock squashes George Clooney romance rumors In the film , she plays a medical engineer by the name of Dr. Ryan Stone , who , accompanied by George Clooney 's skilled astronaut Matt Kowalsky , embarks on her first shuttle mission . As you 've probably seen in the heart-stopping trailers , all goes well until the shuttle is destroyed , leaving Stone and Kowalsky stranded in space . Bullock was challenged with simulating the concept in a believable way and consulted an astronaut to make sure she nailed the role physically as well as emotionally . Yet even with that preparation , shooting "  Gravity " was still "  hard on a daily level , for many reasons , " Bullock told CNN . Toronto : ` Gravity ' wows , propelling Bullock toward an Oscar nomination "  The nice thing was that no matter what was going on , I got to go home to the same little guy , or have him there , " she continued , speaking of her son . "  They made it so that he could be there with me 24/7 . They created ` Louis-land ' on a sound stage in damp , cold weather ; they created Disneyland . So I knew that he was OK ,  and  he was happy . And so it was worth going in and struggling for those 12 hours , because there was someone not struggling , right over there . " Working with Cuarón did fuel Bullock 's natural fascination with what else is out there in the universe , but as far as turning her on to the idea of space travel , that 's still a no-go . "  Actually going into space ... that 's not me . I 'm very happy right here , " she said , relenting that perhaps a payment -- in the neighborhood of $ 1 billion , let 's say -- could convince her to change her mind . Sandra Bullock hails law limiting paparazzi : ` Children should not be sold ' "  If I was 80 years old and they said ` here 's a billion dollars to go , ' I would do it , or if I was 80 and my son was a thrill-seeker or an astronaut and asked me to go with him , then I 'd do it , " Bullock said . "  And I 'm assuming that I 'd perish . That 's why I 'm picking that 80 . I 'm grown ; he 's good ; any resentments that we need to work out , then let 's go to space . " At this age , though , Louis is completely unaware that his mom is famous and probably wealthy enough to pull that off . "  He has no idea  that I 'm famous  , " Bullock said . "  I 'm simply the mom who makes the lunch , drives to school , finds where the toys are , washes the clothes , and I 'm here to play . And that 's all I should be . He should have no idea what I do . It should have no importance . ... He 's supposed to be a little person for as long as possible . And I hope I do n't impede that with by what I do . " CNN 's Marc Istook and Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Sandra Bullock loves to talk about her son , Louis The actress said the 3-year-old helped motivate her on long days He had his own playground built on the set of her new movie , "  Gravity " As of now , Louis does n't know how famous his mom is
CNN  Should he outlive his owners , Chunmun the monkey could be set to be one comfortable primate . An Indian couple who are estranged from their families say they 've named Chunmun in their will as their only "  child , " bequeathing to it their house in northern India 's Uttar Pradesh state , other properties and all their money . Brijesh Srivastava , an owner of businesses including a flour mill and a cable network company , and his wife Shabista , a lawyer , are estranged from their families , who disapproved of their interfaith marriage years ago . Brijesh Srivastava is a Hindu ; Shabista is a Muslim . They have no children . Shabista told CNN on Friday that bought Chunmun , then just a month old , from a roadside artist in 2005 after seeing the owner beat the animal with a stick . Though she and her husband have no children , Shabista said they take care of Chunmun like he 's their son . She feeds the pet a diet of milk , dry nuts and fruits in the morning , and home-cooked food at night . "  He 's like our child . We ca n't stay away from him , " Shabista said . In 2010 they had Chunmun "  marry " another monkey , Bitty , and gave the pets their own room with air conditioning . The couple 's home is fitted with railings "  so he can freely move around the house , " Shabista said . The couple did n't specify how much money could be coming Chunmun 's way , other than to say they have millions of rupees in bank accounts . One million rupees equates to about $ 16,000 . Besides bequeathing everything to Chunmun , the couple say they have started a fund that will raise money to rescue monkeys and build centers for their rehabilitation . "  People in India do n't care about animals , but I feel they are just like humans . They need love and affection , " Shabista said .	Brijesh and Shabista Srivastava say they 've made pet monkey their heir in will Couple are estranged from their families , who disapproved of their interfaith marriage "  He 's like our child . We ca n't stay away from him , " Shabista says of monkey
CNN  -- A Marine who fell from an aircraft during a training exercise was found dead late Tuesday afternoon , the Marines reported . Nobody knows how the Marine happened to fall out of the MV-22B Osprey on Monday , 1st Lt. Hector Alejandro , media officer for the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing at Cherry Point , North Carolina , told CNN on Tuesday . The aircraft had taken part in a training exercise at the airport in Elizabethtown , Bradley Kinlaw , Bladen County emergency management director , told CNN affiliate WECT . A crew member noticed the Marine missing about half a mile past White Lake , WECT reported . Alejandro said Marines in Ospreys are always supposed to be secured , either by seat belts or tether cables . He did n't know how the missing Marine was secured . Lt. Col. Christian Harshberger with Marine Aircraft Group 26 said the tiltrotor Osprey 's cargo bay door remains open during training operations , according to WECT . The Osprey has the speed and range of a turboprop airplane but the vertical maneuverability of a helicopter . More than 100 Marines had been brought in to search on the ground and in the air , Alejandro said . The Marine 's name was not immediately released . He was believed to have died from the fall , officials said . Strange noise , then fiery crash : 2 dead as copter falls near Space Needle	NEW : Marine 's body was found late Tuesday afternoon Search conducted in Bladen County , North Carolina Osprey has elements of a helicopter and a turboprop airplane No cause has been determined , Marines say
London  CNN  -- Three men convicted in a London gang shooting that left a little girl paralyzed were sentenced to life in prison Thursday , the Metropolitan Police said . The plight of Thusha Kamaleswaran , whose last carefree moments before she was caught in the crossfire last year were captured on surveillance video , touched many hearts in the United Kingdom . Now six , she remains in a wheelchair and will need care for the rest of her life , her parents say . The three men convicted , Anthony McCalla , Kazeem Kolawole and Nathaniel Grant , were all given life sentences by the court in London . The judge ordered that Grant serve a minimum of 17 years in prison , and McCalla and Kolawole a minimum of 14 years , before they are eligible for parole . The surveillance video used in their conviction last month showed Thusha , then a shy five-year-old with pigtails , dancing happily in the aisles of her uncle 's small store in Stockwell , southwest London . Moments later , she was knocked down by a bullet to the chest fired through the store 's open door by the three men as they pursued members of a rival gang . A statement given to the court by Thusha 's mother , Sharmilla Kamaleswaran , spells out the impact the tragedy has had on the family . "  I can not begin to explain the shock that I felt at the time of the shooting . We were at the shop as a family enjoying seeing relatives . The children were happy , running up and down the shop , playing and dancing . Seconds later I had to see Thusha lying on the floor , crying , telling me she could n't feel her legs . " The ordeal has continued with her daughter 's surgeries and her daily struggle with pain , Sharmilla Kamaleswaran said . "  To see her lying in a hospital bed just took all of my heart away . My other children were crying . They could n't understand why this had happened . I can not think of a worse time in my life , " she said . A year later , Thusha 's younger sister prays every day for her sister to "  get up and walk as before , " their mother said . Meanwhile , Thusha 's dreams of becoming a dancer and musician have evaporated . "  It is hard for all at home to see an innocent child who had been hopping around like a little rabbit , playing with her siblings and friends , now paralyzed for life , " Sharmilla Kamaleswaran said . The three men convicted at the Old Bailey court were tracked down after detectives viewed more than 700 hours of closed-circuit footage seized from more than 150 cameras , the police said . A 35-year-old man , Roshan Selvakumar , was also struck in the March 2011 attack as he shopped for groceries . He has bullet fragments still lodged in his head that can not safely be removed . "  The images of Thusha dancing happily in the Stockwell Food and Wine are images that many of us will struggle to erase from our memories , " said Det. Supt. Gordon Allison . "  Today , McCalla , Kolawole and Grant will have many years in prison to reflect on the damage they caused to an innocent five-year-old girl and her family but also Roshan and the community that is London as a whole . " Several Metropolitan Police officers who worked on the case are undertaking a charity trek to raise money for Thusha 's care later this year and have already raised more than $ 207,000 in donations , he said .	Three men convicted of a shooting that paralyzed a 5-year-old girl are given life sentences Thusha was seen on surveillance video dancing happily moments before she was hit by a bullet "  I can not think of a worse time in my life , " her mother says A police officer welcomes the sentences , says the men will have years to reflect on their crime
CNN  -- China 's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea . Zhou Xiaochuan , the governor of the People 's Bank of China , was scheduled to give the Per Jacobsson lecture at the IMF-World Bank annual meetings being held this year through Sunday in Tokyo . A spokesperson for the IMF said they were told two days ago that Zhou 's schedule might require him to cancel his lecture in Tokyo . "  His deputy Yi Gang will represent him at the IMF-World Bank Annual Meetings and will deliver his Per Jacobsson Lecture , " the spokesperson said . Past speakers for the lecture have included U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti and Mohamed A. El-Erian , CEO of PIMCO . Zhou 's decision not to attend follows news earlier this week that representatives from China 's four major banks -- the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , Bank of China , China Construction Bank and Agricultural Bank of China -- would not be attending the IMF meetings in protest of the territorial dispute . Last month the Japanese government bought the disputed islands from the Japanese family that privately owned the islands for 2.05 billion yen  US$ 26.2 million  . That move brought already rising tensions to a boil in China , where often violent protests broke out in dozens of Chinese cities -- from Guangzhou in the south to Qingdao in the north . Japanese cars , stores and factories were damaged in many areas . Japan 's largest automakers said Tuesday that sales in China nosedived in September in the face of Japanese product boycotts . Toyota sales in China dropped 48.9 % compared to a year ago . Honda sales were down 40.5 % from 2011 , and Nissan reported a 35.3 % decline in sales . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff and CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report	China 's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Zhou Xiaochuan , the governor of the People 's Bank of China , was scheduled to speak Comes after representatives from China 's four top banks declined to attend the Japan meetings Seen as a protest against Japanese ownership of an island chain that China also claims
CNN  -- In an age when many people become celebrities through looks or connections , Jennifer Hudson 's rise to fame came the old-fashioned way : through talent , hard work and a close-knit family . Jennifer Hudson is in a new movie , "  The Secret Life of Bees , " and recently released her first solo album . At a time when the singer is in a new movie , "  The Secret Life of Bees , " and recently released her first solo album , Hudson is now back in the public eye largely due to a family tragedy . Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson , and brother , Jason Hudson , were found shot to death Friday in their Chicago home . The body of the singer 's missing 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found in an SUV on Monday morning . Julian 's stepfather , William Balfour , was detained over the weekend for questioning in connection with the case , a police spokesperson told CNN . He was subsequently transferred to prison on a parole violation charge , the spokesperson said . Balfour 's mother has acknowledged that her son has been questioned about the shootings , but said he had nothing to do with the crime . No charges had been filed against anyone in connection with the murders . iReport.com : Reaction to Hudson family tragedy The tragedy is a sad turn for the 27-year-old actress and singer , who first earned national notice for her performances on "  American Idol " in 2004 and won an Oscar for best supporting actress for 2006 's "  Dreamgirls . " Hudson 's singing career began in her church choir in the South Side Chicago neighborhood of Englewood when she was a child . She remained devoted to singing all the way through Chicago 's Dunbar Vocational High School , where there is now a Jennifer Hudson Room .  She 's in good company ; Dunbar 's alumni include Lou Rawls and two of the Staple Singers . "  People would say it was unusual for such a small girl to have such a big voice , " she told Reuters in 2006 . "  They would say , ` She sounds like she 's grown . ' " After finishing school , she performed in the musical "  Big River " at a Chicago-area dinner theater and took a job on a cruise line . In 2003 , she auditioned for "  American Idol " in Atlanta , Georgia , and managed to earn her way to the top-rated show with a performance of "  Easy to be Hard , " the "  Hair " ballad popularized by Three Dog Night . "  Idol " proved to be an uneven experience for Hudson . After the show narrowed down its 12 finalists , she started slowly , at times almost being voted off , but eventually her song choices -- including Elton John 's "  Circle of Life " and Whitney Houston 's "  I Have Nothing " -- made her one of the favorites . Sir Elton himself believed she was the "  best of the lot . " ` Idol ' friend speaks out about Hudson case In the end , Hudson did n't even come close to making "  Idol 's " final two , being voted off midway in the show 's run . However , her performances had established her as a talent to watch , and in May 2005 -- several months after finishing the traditional post - "  Idol " group tour -- she was contacted by a casting agency about the part of Effie , the tragic soul of "  Dreamgirls . " In the musical , which concerns an all-girl trio much like the Supremes , Effie is a weight-challenged musical powerhouse who begins as the group 's leader but is dropped as both performer and lover by the group 's manager for the more statuesque singer Deena . The role features the musical 's showstopping song , "  And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going , " and won Jennifer Holliday a Tony Award when "  Dreamgirls " ran on Broadway . Hudson was unfamiliar with "  Dreamgirls " when she auditioned , but she allegedly beat out almost 800 other women for the role -- including her former "  Idol " rival , Fantasia Barrino , who had been the third-season winner . The role 's high-pitched emotions were a challenge , Hudson told the Chicago Sun-Times in 2006 . "  I had to find a way into it , " she said to the newspaper . " -LSB- Director -RSB- Bill Condon sent me into ` Diva 101 . ' He told me I was too nice . So I 'd come into the room angry , but tell all the ADs , ` Bill told me to do this . This is Effie and not Jennifer . ' I had to learn how to separate myself from the character with that attitude . That was Bill 's main concern . Effie had to have that edge . " Her performance won her across-the-board raves . Variety compared her turn to Barbra Streisand 's award-winning debut in "  Funny Girl , " among others . It also led to a host of awards , including supporting actress honors from the New York Critics Circle , Golden Globes , the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and -- finally -- the Academy Awards . At the Oscar show , Hudson tearfully thanked her grandmother , whom she described as her "  biggest inspiration . " Julia Kate Hudson , who sang at Pleasant Gift Missionary Baptist Church , where Hudson got her start , died in 1998 . Since winning the Oscar , Hudson has been a mainstay of celebrity magazines , which have broadcast news of her engagement to "  I Love New York 2 " contestant David Otunga , regularly singled her out as an example of a healthy plus-sized body type and held her up as an "  Idol " made good . She 's continued her movie career with performances in "  Sex and the City : The Movie " and "  The Secret Life of Bees , " both of which came out in 2008 . She sang the national anthem at the Democratic National Convention in August at the personal request of Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign . According to many reports , Hudson has remained humble amid all the attention . She remains devoted to the church -- "  Church is where I 'm from . It will always be my favorite place to sing , and that 's where I 'd like to go back to , " Hudson told the Sun-Times -- and uses her against-all-odds biography to inspire others . "  I 've had a similar journey as Effie , " Hudson told the Sun-Times . "  Me being a part of ` Idol , ' her being part of the group . ... We both go through our journeys , trying to hold on to our dream and achieve our goal . We have hardships , but we prevail at the end . "	Jennifer Hudson 's rise to fame came the old-fashioned way Hudson 's mother , brother , nephew found dead in Chicago , Illinois Singer beat out more than 800 other women for role in "  Dreamgirls " Hudson 's first national recognition came on "  American Idol "
CNN  -- Sheltered from the Atlantic Ocean on a stunning bay in the western tip of metropolitan France , the city of Brest has at its heart one of the country 's most animated harbors . With its proximity to the British Isles , this area of France is steeped in Celtic heritage . As such , accordions are eschewed for bagpipes and the locals display a preference for zesty ciders over fine wines . The region even has its own Celtic language , "  Breton " , which is still spoken by nearly 200,000 people . Brest was sadly all but destroyed in the "  Battle of Brest " during World War II . It has since been completely rebuilt and is now a sophisticated city that hosts some of Europe 's most theatrical sailing festivals . By far the most prominent of these is "  Les Tonnerres de Brest "  "  Brest Festival of the Sea . "  Every four years , more than 2,000 traditional boats sail from countries as far flung as Madagascar and Mexico to take part in the event , which is attended by nearly 700,000 avid spectators . This year marks its 20th anniversary and , according to the festival organizers , it will be "  the biggest and most spectacular event yet . " From July 13 , Brest will be transformed into five "  villages , " representing this year 's five honorary countries : Mexico , Norway , Indonesia , Morocco and Russia -- all of whom are sending a minor flotilla of historical boats . From village to village , visitors will be able to learn about each country 's maritime heritage and sample its music , food and handicraft . "  There is no other festival quite like it if you like classic boats , " said Adam Purser , who has sailed from England to Brest three times since 2000 . "  Everywhere you look there are tall ships and the atmosphere is fantastic . There is good food and music and you get to race your ships along a beautiful coastline . I would n't miss it for the world , " he said . But it 's not just an event for maritime history buffs , this year the festival is also welcoming modern boats . Racing enthusiasts will be able to see the finish of the New York to Brest multi-hull transatlantic "  Krys Ocean Race " , featuring some of the world 's fastest trimarans . "  The festival has something for everyone . It 's really becoming a universal exhibition of all types of boats , " said Chantal Guillerm , the festival 's director of communications . "  Les jeudis du Port "  Thursdays at the harbor Those who ca n't make it to the summer 's main maritime festival can still experience Brest 's unique harbor each Thursday during the summer months when it is transformed into a vibrant arts space , packed with live street theater , concerts , comedy and markets . The music on offer is as eclectic as it is exciting , with a mixture of folk , rock , French chanson , world music , jazz , and classical acts taking the stage throughout the summer . Astropolis In recent years France has produced some of the world 's finest electronic bands and Brest has played an integral part in the scene 's development . Every summer for nearly 20 years the city has hosted one of the most anticipated electronic music festivals in the country -- "  Astropolis " -- a three-day musical feast that takes place in August each year . But there are also plenty of things to do and see outside the summer festival season -- especially if sailing , seafood and marine life are high on your agenda . Oceanopolis For years Brest has been the European capital of oceanography . According to the University of Brest , more than 60 % of France 's maritime researchers and engineers have made the city their home , so it 's perhaps no surprise that a giant marine pavilion has emerged there . The venue is much more than your average city aquarium ; it is an ocean discovery park covering nearly 10,000 square meters , with 50 individual aquariums housing in excess of 1,000 animal species . Through three pavilions dedicated to polar , tropical and temperate marine ecosystems , "  Oceanopolis " aims to immerse visitors in an underwater universe representing flora and fauna of oceans around the world . There is also a fourth pavilion that houses the temporary exhibitions on marine biodiversity . The current exhibit , titled "  The Abyss , " is dedicated to the weird and wonderful creatures that hide in the deepest part of our oceans . Castle Of Brest Once owned by King Richard II of England , the impressive medieval fortress is the city 's most important landmark that , by sheer fortune , was spared from destruction during the heavy bombing of World War II . The castle and its ramparts offer stunning views of the city and inside the fortress hides the city 's branch of the "  Naval Museum of Paris , " which retraces 17 centuries of Brest 's longstanding naval history . Tanguy Tower Built on an enormous block of granite , the "  Tanguy Tower " is a sightseer 's favorite , with its medieval turret offering views of the long-winding Penfield river cutting right through the city . The tower is also home to the Brest Museum - where a series of huge dioramas take visitors on a picture journey through the city 's origins and development , showcasing life in Brest before it was bombed .	Brest is one of France 's most historically significant harbors The city is located in the region of Brittany and is steeped in Celtic heritage The beautiful coastline and huge harbor has made Brest a popular sailing destination Every four years the city hosts one of the biggest international maritime festivals in the world
CNN  -- It hurts me to say this , but I bet when I say "  Kim , " you know the last name . Our world is no longer run by bankers and brokers but by public relations people who will do anything to keep certain names in  or out  of the news . If they are not trained psychologists , they sure act like them ; they know how to get our interest even when we absolutely do not want to give it . And so into this vortex of extreme public relations savvy comes Kim K , one of the people who is "  famous for being famous . " How did she do it ? By flaunting her vapid lifestyle , her great body and good looks and her money . Of course America idolizes her . But as it turns out , not nearly so much as she idolizes herself . Kim is putting together a big book of selfies called "  Selfish . " She said she was assembling sexy pictures of herself from a trip to Southeast Asia for a book to give to her newish husband , Kanye West , on Valentine 's Day . But then the thought occurred to her -- why would n't everyone want one ? Normal people would find a 352-page compilation of selfies in bad taste . But in truth we recognize the basic instinct : It 's hard to resist walking by a mirror and not having one of two reactions -- to look or , at all costs , to avoid looking . Unlike Kim K , the Queen of Narcissism , most of us have a more ambivalent relationship to our own image . We look at pictures of ourselves and more often than not , cringe . If it 's a flattering picture , we save it for our Facebook page or give it to our partner . But few of us , even few movie stars , want to create books of how glorious we look . Yes we all are mini-narcissists , but most of us have a sense of our flaws and the limits of how much time we should spend on adoringly looking at our own image . Kim K is a lesson in how extreme it can get when you are a canny self-promoter : You just love yourself so much 24/7 . If you , like me , is relieved at the disappearance of Paris Hilton from the front pages and are not a fan of pathological narcissism , you know we should ignore Kim K and shun falling into her PR trap . But the fact that she has an esteemed publisher and that the editors there must think this book will sell well presents a serious issue : Why are young women entranced with this woman ?  I understand why young men would be .  But young girls who are easily impressionable and hooked by hype may be enchanted with the ease with which she seems to float through life and take on her "  struggles "  Which brand name shall I buy ? Which mini-feud will I rage about ?  as ones they would rather have than the ones they have in real life . They envy her . The fact is that the Kardashians have gained traction in their lives . They have built an empire and no one can deny she and her posse have figured out how to make a fortune based on her brand . Kim K wo n't be around forever . But is it some failure of feminism among the young that allows this kind of person to be a star ? I remember the icons of my day : Janis Joplin -- a wild woman , a maverick and a massive talent  though , sadly an addict as well  . There 's Gloria Steinem , a woman who was mission driven . And while perhaps she had extra press attention because she was good-looking , it was her feminist theory , her amazing verbal ability and her mentoring of others that made her someone to follow and emulate . These were women who deserved to be famous . Even Madonna , embellished by PR but not created by it , had  and has  talent , and a provocative message about sexuality . Kim K , like Paris Hilton , is just about as thin as their photographs . They want our love and money and they hope to achieve it by showing how much love and money they have already . So would n't it be great if Kim K 's selfie book sat moldering in book stores and on Amazon ? That would reassure me about the soul of modern girls and young women . I would n't blame anyone for paging through it . It 's a little like a car wreck -- awful , but hard to totally avoid looking at . But buying the book is another thing altogether . Instead of sending Kim K to the bank , let 's encourage her to go to a really good therapist . This kind of narcissism needs to be treated , not celebrated .	Kim Kardashian is compiling a 352-page book of selfies titled "  Selfish " Pepper Schwartz : Normal people would find this extreme , but not the Queen of narcissism She says Kim K is a canny self-promoter ; it 's when you just love yourself so much 24/7 Schwartz : Why are young women so entranced with Kardashian ?
CNN  -- For the first time , three networks have rated "  excellent " in an annual survey of LGBT portrayals on television , the LGBT media advocacy organization GLAAD said Wednesday . In its annual Network Responsibility Index , GLAAD said that ABC Family , HBO and MTV all earned its top grade for its LGBT representations on their original programming in the 2013-14 season . The networks air such shows as "  Faking It "  MTV  , "  Looking "  HBO  and "  The Fosters "  ABC Family  . On the other end of the spectrum , A&E , History and TNT all earned "  failing " grades .  TNT and HBO are both divisions of Time Warner , as is CNN . ABC , The CW , Fox , NBC , FX and Showtime earned "  good " marks , and CBS , TLC and USA received "  adequate " grades . "  Television networks are playing a key role in promoting cultural understanding of LGBT lives around the world , and are now producing some of the best LGBT-inclusive programming we 've yet seen , " said GLAAD president and CEO Sarah Kate Ellis in a statement . In the future , said Ellis , GLAAD will also be making transgender content a key part of earning an "  excellent " grade . The organization also put out its Where We Are on TV report chronicling the number of LGBT characters in the current television season . For 2014-15 , 3.9 % of prime-time broadcast scripted series regulars will be lesbian , gay or bisexual , an increase of 0.6 % from last season . Broadcast scripted series have 33 recurring lesbian , gay or bisexual characters ; cable scripted series have 64 regulars and 41 recurring lesbian , gay or bisexual characters . Transgender characters have major roles in two series from streaming services : "  Orange Is the New Black "  on Netflix  and "  Transparent "  from Amazon  .	GLAAD gives MTV , HBO , ABC Family "  excellent " grades in survey of LGBT characters Networks "  producing some of the best LGBT-inclusive programming we 've yet seen , " says GLAAD head In future , more importance will be given to transgender content , organization says
CNN  -- Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam has been elected chairman of the Republican Governors Association , replacing New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Susana Martinez of New Mexico will serve as vice chairman . The decision was announced over Twitter during the party 's three-day annual conference in Boca Raton , Florida . Unlike his predecessor , Haslam is known for his drama-free leadership style , and has been described as soft-spoken and mild-mannered . The Tennessee businessman , sports team owner , and former Knoxville mayor was re-elected to his second term as governor in November . Looking ahead , Haslam will face a much smaller election in 2015 than Christie did this past year . Instead of overseeing 36 governor 's races , Haslam will only have to fundraise and campaign for three : in Kentucky , Mississippi and Louisiana . In a statement , Christie praised Haslam as a "  true pioneer . " "  Gov. Haslam is doing what governors are elected to do , " Christie said . "  He has the results to prove it . His guidance will be a tremendous asset to this organization in the coming year . " Haslam 's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month at the Democratic Governors Association annual meeting in Los Angeles .	Haslam replaces New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Haslam is known for his drama-free leadership style Haslam 's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month
CNN  -- On the last episode of reality ... "  Guiding Light , " a mainstay of CBS ' daytime schedule for decades , airs its final episode Friday . Jon left Kate and his eight children and took up with the party girl Hailey . Audrina got a restraining order against an alleged stalker . NeNe got into an argument with Kim during a photo shoot . And Rachel was attacked -- yet again -- by one of the city tabloids . With plot points like this , who needs soap operas ? Certainly not most of America . In the past decade , the audience for soap operas has dwindled , as has the number of what broadcasters call "  daytime dramas . " Younger viewers , in particular , have gravitated toward reality shows , which feature the melodrama and outsized characters of soaps ; it 's perhaps no coincidence that the co-creator of MTV 's "  The Real World " and several other reality shows , Mary-Ellis Bunim , started as a soap writer and producer . The latest soap victim , CBS ' "  Guiding Light " -- a show that began on NBC Radio in 1937 -- went out Friday after 72 years on the air . Watch how "  Guiding Light " became an institution " On the final episode , long-entwined characters Reva Shayne and Josh Lewis decided to "  go on an adventure " together , in Lewis ' words . Other characters also received their moments . Fans have lamented the passing of the show , which has followed the Springfield clans of the Bauers , Spauldings , Coopers and Lewises for decades . "  I 've been watching ` Guiding Light ' for the past 20 years , " says Ashley Dos Santos , an account executive and pop culture expert with the Washington-based public relations firm Crosby-Volmer . "  I think it 's really , really sad . " Gallery : Stars who started on soaps " But , as a  well  realist , she adds , "  not surprising . " She knows the trends , and the trend for soap operas is going in the wrong direction . Read a short history of soap operas "  It 's very difficult to see how it could have survived , " she says , noting that even she 's ceased to follow "  GL " in the past few years . With the multichannel universe , particularly the alternatives of talk shows , judge shows and reality shows , "  I feel that a lot people , if they have to make a choice , they 'd rather see ` Ellen . ' " Michael Sands , a Southern California-based media consultant , is blunter . "  Soaps are passe ... old-fashioned , " he says . "  They 're boring and stale . The public thrives on real-life drama . I 'm surprised soaps lasted this long . " Not so long ago , such a dismissal would have been unfathomable . In the three-network arrangement that dominated for decades , soaps ruled daytime -- there were 19 in 1969-70 -- and even spawned prime-time variations , such as "  Peyton Place " and "  Dallas . " "  The 1960s and '70s were an unmatched era for soaps , with women at home and just three or four -LSB- network -RSB- choices , " says Sam Ford , an analyst with the communications firm Peppercom . He has a book on the genre due out next year . Soaps developed a formula : slow-moving , multiple plotlines ; multigenerational casts , gathered in seaside towns or local hospitals . Some even broke ground , airing taboo subjects -- abortions , homosexuality , marital rape -- before prime-time shows . But events have conspired to kill off daytime dramas . With more women in the workplace , there are fewer at home to watch the soaps . The genre was slow to adjust to new technologies ; even now , with the SoapNet cable channel and Internet streaming , effective promotion is lacking , says Dos Santos , who observes that soaps fly under the radar compared to reality shows . "  The networks are n't trying hard enough to make -LSB- soaps -RSB- relevant , " she says . There 's also the loss of family watching , a handoff from mother to daughter to granddaughter , that used to assure a continuity of viewers . Dos Santos watched with her mother ; Ford 's mother and grandmother were fans . But the fall-off in soaps tends to boil down to two limited resources : time and money . "  We do n't have the time to invest in soaps as they exist now , " says Mimi Torchin , a TV columnist and the founding editor of Soap Opera Weekly . "  Even with alternatives to TV viewing ... it 's still five hours a week . In the old days , you could miss two or three days and it was easy to catch up . They do n't do that anymore . " Moreover , a soap opera is a big investment , like any scripted show . Bob Boden , now the vice president of programming for the Fox Reality Channel , was at CBS ' daytime division in the '80s and '90s . "  The decline of the soap opera as is much a factor of the business model as it is of the creative , " he says . "  It was designed to be 52 weeks a year of original product , no repeats . In today 's business model for network television , that 's not an efficient model anymore . " To begin a soap , a producer has to put together performers , a writing staff , a bible of characters and plots -- and has to plan things out for months or years , as opposed to a handful of weeks . "  That 's not really the mentality of network programming anymore , " Boden says . "  I think a lot of it is about quick fixes , and about maintaining an ever-shrinking audience , and giving them something unique , and attracting a younger demo -LSB- graphic -RSB- . " Increasingly , the "  quick fix " -- particularly for cable channels looking to hook viewers -- comes in the form of reality programming . There are a number of similarities in the forms : melodrama , over-the-top characters , extreme situations . But reality shows can have a limited run -- soaps are open-ended by design -- and offer a voyeuristic thrill soaps ca n't provide , creating new celebrities in the process , something the news media has seized upon eagerly . "  People like to emulate people on TV , " says Sands , who has advised some reality stars . And , he adds , "  people get to feel superior " to misbehaving reality show stars . Torchin , however , ca n't stand reality shows . "  They 're voyeurism of the lowest order , " she says . Soaps , she believes , offer some of the art that writing and acting can provide : "  They have adventure and heart , " she says , singling out "  GL 's " "  compelling characters . " "  They 're more real than what reality shows can do . " She 's aware that soaps have been criticized for far-out plot devices , such as evil twins , long-lost children and bizarre coincidences . On "  Guiding Light , " a character drove her car off a bridge ; a few years later , she turned up alive , little worse for the wear . "  Some of those outlandish things hurt the genre , " she says , noting that bringing back characters was a way to placate upset audience members , who were known to fire off angry letters to networks and sponsors . "  I always felt that convention -LSB- of restoring "  dead " characters -RSB- always hurt soaps , because you were never invested in an event that should have been of great poignancy . " Soaps are n't dead , of course . Even with "  GL 's " demise , there are still seven soaps on the air , each with passionate fans . Also , the elements of the genre are plainly visible in prime-time dramas such as "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Desperate Housewives . " "  Everything is a soap now , " says Torchin . "  The secret of a show that works is that you 're involved with the characters , you 're in their lives . Everything else is just diversion . " Dos Santos believes that shrewder marketing -- helped by new media -- can help the genre make a comeback . And , indeed , Torchin observes that a "  GL " star , Crystal Chappell , is launching a Web soap , "  Venice , " in November . The Internet program is an outgrowth of the popularity of a "  GL " storyline featuring Chappell 's character in a lesbian relationship -- a relationship that many fans felt was handled poorly by the broadcasters . Watch Chappell go over her plans " "  I think the ratings will be better than cable , " says Torchin . Is she correct ? Will soaps live to rise again ? Will reality shows conquer daytime and nighttime ? Tune in tomorrow .	"  Guiding Light " goes off the air Friday after 72 years on radio and TV Soaps in general are declining ; other genres , such as reality shows , have taken over Some observers hopeful soaps will cross to the Web and have success
Editor 's note : Fashion Season : Paris takes you behind the scenes of the Paris catwalks and beyond , exploring the French capital 's most stylish hidden corners . The show airs Monday 24 to Friday 28 February on CNN International , with daily reports in ` News Stream ' at 1300 GMT and ` Connect the World ' at 2000 GMT . Wired  -- There 's something about floating translucent bubbles that 's always seemed futuristic , from the '60s right up to the present day . Photographer Melvin Sokolsky was on the , er , ball , then , when he shot his now iconic "  Bubble " series for the Harper 's Bazaar 1963 Spring Collection . The series is widely credited for launching the trend of bold , artistic visions within fashion photography . The bubble first takes off in color from beyond the New York City skyline , then lands on the Seine River in Paris , where it begins a surreal black-and-white tour of Parisian streets , alleys , and cafes . Designer clothes are on display in each shot , something that 's easily overlooked as model Simone d'Aillencourt cavorts in the plexiglass sphere , drawing a lot of attention  and even a few fireballs  from standers by . Some of the clothes , particularly shoes , were damaged not by fire but by accidental dunks in the water when the bubble dipped a little too low . The top-flight '60s couture , an aesthetic whose appeal also has carried into the modern day , keeps the pictures otherworldly and stylish in equal measure . The sphere is held together by a ring of aluminum and suspended by a 1/8th inch steel cable attached to a crane . That cable often is squarely in the shot but is occasionally positioned or illuminated so it remains unseen . In some cases , it was removed from the frame by hand , creating the illusion of a levitating sphere . Sokolsky insists a negligible amount of retouching was involved , and it obviously was not digitally manipulated . He points out that at 15 to 20 feet , such a thin cable becomes essentially invisible to the camera . Read more : This new cycling gear has us dreaming of warm days and open roads The concept for the Bubble series came from a recurring dream in which the photographer saw himself floating in a sphere above unfamiliar landscapes . The vision was inspired by The Garden of Earthly Delights by early Netherlandish painter Hieronymus Bosch . The fully opened triptych includes depictions of people in transparent spheres suspended among a  mostly  heavenly world . When closed , it shows the earth encased in a vast glass globe . Read more : The merciless world of mining , made beautiful in abstract photos Bubble kicked off what would be something of a theme of flying and weightlessness in Sokolsky 's work . They were n't the last forward-looking images he produced either ; Lips Streaks from 1967 looks like it came straight out of 1987 . Sokolsky has a knack for playing with perceptions , which is clear in other work he 's renowned for , such as Big Chair and Table , Bazaar . It shows what appear to be tiny models climbing giant chairs . Sokolsky points to an image 's composition , palette , overall concept , and the chemistry between photographer and model as the most important aspects of his craft . While he started his career as a fashion photographer , he had by the end of the '60s transitioned into making commercials and films alongside his photo work . He was also responsible for a number of innovations including a computerized zoom lens in 1972 that got nominated for an Academy Award . A great interview with Sokolsky further illuminates the methods of this self-taught photographer perpetually interested in making bold statements and expressing nuanced concepts . Sokolsky 's work can be seen at the Fahey/Klein Gallery in Los Angeles . More from WIRED : A robotic arm paints dazzling sculptures of light The secret cities hidden between NYC skyscrapers Fantastic infographics , drawn from a study of instagram selfies A stunning app that turns radiohead songs into dreamscapes Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Photographer Melvin Sokolsky captured the now iconic "  Bubble " series in 1963 in Paris Images appeared in Harper 's Bazaar and are credited with launching artistic fashion photography Models were shot inside a sphere held together by a ring of aluminum and suspended by a 1/8th inch steel cable
CNN  -- Another wave of deaths engulfed Syria on Saturday , and top security officials kept their jobs after the regime formed a new government . At least 131 people died Saturday , including 31 in the turbulent city of Deir Ezzor , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The largest city in the country 's eastern region , Deir Ezzor is "  in dire need of help " because it is "  under continuous indiscriminate shelling targeting residential homes since yesterday , " the LCC said Saturday . "  The uninterrupted intense shelling makes it impossible to reach the wounded and to recover the bodies of martyrs  the dead  that are lying on the roads and in houses . The medical and humanitarian situation is extremely difficult , especially with the ongoing complete outage of the internet services and mobile communications , " the LCC said . A 23-year-old volunteer for the Syrian Arab Red Crescent , Bashar al-Youssef , was shot dead Friday in Deir Ezzor , the fourth Red Crescent member killed on duty since September . The worker , shot while on "  first-aid duty , " wore a uniform "  clearly marked with the Red Crescent emblem , " the International Committee of the Red Cross said . "  This comes at a time when the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent are virtually the only organizations able to work in areas affected by the violence in Syria , " said Alexandre Equey , deputy head of the ICRC 's delegation in Syria . "  We take such incidents extremely seriously . " The violence occurred as the Syrian regime announced a new government just weeks after parliamentary elections . Riad Hijab , who served as minister of agriculture and agrarian reform , is the new prime minister , President Bashar al-Assad said in a decree . A longtime member of the ruling Baathist party , Hijab also governed the Syrian provinces of Latakia and Quneitra during his political career . The country 's top diplomat , Foreign Minister Walid Moallem , is keeping his post . Two top security officials , Defense Minister Dawood Rajiha and Interior Minister Mohammad Ibrahim al-Shaar are staying in their jobs as government forces clamp down on an anti-regime uprising . The Syrian government -- which has asserted its support of reform and change during the 15 months of unrest -- touted a "  wide turnout " for its May parliamentary elections , when more than 7,000 candidates vied for 250 parliamentary seats . Members of the opposition regarded the elections as a sham . They said a vote for any of the candidates amounted to a vote for al-Assad , whose family has ruled the country for 42 years . They argued that the government is only interested in maintaining its power by any means and urged Syrians to boycott the elections . Since the anti-government uprising started in March last year , more than 15,000 people in Syria , mostly civilians , have been killed , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The United Nations has said that at least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict . CNN can not confirm specific reports of violence in Syria because the government has restricted access to the country by international journalists . Opposition groups say the violence began when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters generated a nationwide uprising , including the armed resistance . Syria consistently blames terrorists for the violence . The government on Saturday said it buried 68 security personnel killed by terrorist groups . The LCC also said another 13 soldiers died overnight when they tried to defect . In Syrian hospital , no escape from war World powers have been working to avoid a full-blown civil war , but a U.N. and Arab League-backed peace initiative has failed to take hold . Fears of a wider conflict heightened in the Middle East on Friday when Syrian artillery shot down a Turkish military jet . The act comes as Syrian-Turkish ties have worsened during the anti-government uprising . Turkey , which hosts Syrian opposition groups and thousands of Syrian refugees , has been outspoken in its criticism of the al-Assad regime . A Syrian military spokesman quoted by the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency on Saturday said Syrian forces struck "  an unidentified aerial target that violated Syrian airspace . " The craft -- flying "  at a very low altitude and at high speed over territorial waters " -- crashed in Syrian territorial waters near Latakia province , the spokesman said . Syrian authorities eventually learned that the target was the Turkish jet . Turkish President Abdullah Gul said Saturday that the craft may have entered Syria 's airspace , according to the semi-official Anatolia news agency . "  When you take in to account the speeds at which jet planes travel over the sea , it is routine for planes to go in and out of borders , " he is quoted as saying by the news agency . "  It is something that happens without bad intentions and that happens due to the high speeds . " The search for the plane continues , he said , speaking in Kayseri , central Turkey . "  It is not possible to cover something like this up . Whatever needs to be done will be done , without a doubt , " he said , according to Anatolia . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the incident "  serious " and hopes both sides handle the situation with "  restraint " via "  diplomatic channels . " Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari , whose country neighbors Syria , said his government 's "  main concern is the spillover of the crisis " into the region . "  If this conflict were to turn in an all-out sectarian or civil war Iraq will be affected , Lebanon will be affected , Jordan will not be immune , Turkey could be , " he said . "  We do n't want to see chaos reign in the region , in the neighborhood and that 's why Iraq should have a say , a role in what is going to go in Syria , no country can ignore or bypass Iraq in this regard . " CNN 's Saad Abedine , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 131 deaths reported by opposition group The former agriculture minister is now the prime minister Ministers in top security and diplomatic posts keep their jobs Neighboring Iraq worried about "  spillover " violence
Washington  CNN  -- Bob Barker , the former host of "  The Price Is Right , " made an impassioned plea Wednesday for an end to what he described as an ugly side of entertainment : the mistreatment of exotic and wild animals in traveling circuses . At a Capitol Hill news conference , Barker noted that traveling circuses rely heavily on animals that are trained to do tricks , which he said is accomplished with acts of cruelty . "  How do they train them ? They have to dominate the animal , " Barker said . "  How do they dominate the animal ? They beat it , with clubs , fists , black jacks , ax handles , golf clubs . They shock it with all sorts of electric devices . They use bull hooks on them they even deprive them of food and even water in order to make them do these tricks . " Barker , who is well known for promoting the cause of animal protection , is championing the Traveling Exotic Animal Protection Act . The bill , which would amend the existing Animal Welfare Act , has attracted bipartisan support . The bill would affect only traveling shows . It specifically exempts zoos , aquariums and research labs and rodeos . Rep. Jim Moran , D-Virginia , said that although the issue is not the most pressing concern of the day for Americans , "  how we treat animals is a reflection of our nation 's moral character . " Dr. Mel Richardson of Animal Defenders International lent his perspective from more than four decades of veterinary practice on the conditions of most , if not all , lions , tigers and elephants in traveling shows : "  Imagine living all of your life on a queen-size or king-size bed . " But the concerns are not confined to their housing . Jan Creamer , president of ADI , said there is sufficient documented evidence -- gained from workers planted in some traveling circuses -- that many of the animals suffer from violent training and severe punishment . Barker 's celebrity co-host was actress Jorga Fox of "  CSI " and "  The West Wing , " who echoed the call for setting up more permanent residences for circus animals , and taking them off the road . "  Our kids look to us for what is right and our kids look to us for what is fun . ... If our kids knew how cruel and violent these events were , I think they 'd actually be very disappointed in us , for -LSB- going -RSB- to these places , " Fox said . A recent incident in Ohio in which privately kept wild and exotic animals were released by their owner and ultimately killed by authorities , and a recent lawsuit against SeaWorld alleging the exploitation of orcas , have drawn attention to the mistreatment of show animals . Barker and his fellow advocates say the public is attuned to the nature of the proposed legislation . Similar measures have been passed in at least 20 countries , including Bolivia , Peru , Portugal and India . And , according to the panel , more than a half-dozen countries are soon likely to follow suit . "  It is time for the United States to join this parade of nations that is doing the right thing , " Barker said .	Bob Barker urges passage of the Traveling Exotic Animal Protection Act In a Capitol Hill news conference , he tells of violence used to train animals Animal protection advocate tells of confined lives of large show animals Actress Jorga Fox : "  Our kids look to us to do what is right "
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Union protesters marched across Spain Sunday as mourners marked the eighth anniversary of the Madrid train bombings . The timing of the demonstrations prompted criticism from some conservative leaders , who accused Spain 's two main unions of disrespecting victims of the 2004 attacks . But Pilar Manjon , a leader of the largest victims association , said she did not consider the marches disrespectful . "  They can not use us to batter the unions , to dismiss them or to say they have no respect for the victims . ...  The protest  absolutely does not bother us , " she told Spanish radio network SER . In response to criticisms , the unions have countered that some conservatives have shown a lack of respect for the victims -- which included many workers and students killed or maimed in the attacks -- by fomenting unfounded conspiracy theories about the bombings . Manjon , whose son was among the 191 people killed in the 2004 attacks , attended a memorial with union leaders at Madrid 's Atocha train station . Nearby , at a grove of trees planted in honor of the victims in the Retiro Park , the Association of Victims of Terrorism held a memorial . Madrid 's mayor and Spain 's justice minister attended the ceremony , Spanish media reported . Spanish courts have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the 2004 bombings on morning rush-hour commuter trains , which injured more than 1,800 people . Four Spaniards were convicted for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Additionally , seven other prime Islamic suspects in the attacks blew themselves up three weeks after the train bombings as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . That explosion also killed a police officer and wounded various others . Sunday 's union protests prompted Madrid 's regional government and Madrid 's city hall , both governed by conservative administrations , to delay their annual observances until Monday . They will include a memorial ceremony in the Puerta del Sol , followed by a memorial in the monument to the victims at Atocha station . Spain 's anniversary observances in recent years have been subdued , without the king or prime minister attending , and without speeches or music . Authorities have said that 's in keeping with the wishes of the victims associations , who want the nation to remember , but without undue fanfare . But crowds of protesters sang , chanted and waved banners as they packed streets in Madrid , Seville , Bilbao and other cities Sunday . Spain 's two main unions -- the Socialist-leaning General Workers Union  UGT  and the Communist-leaning Workers Commissions  CCOO  -- said they scheduled the demonstrations on the symbolic day to protest against the new conservative government 's labor reforms , which unions say make it cheaper and easier to fire workers . "  We 're here because this government does n't offer any solutions . They 're trying to take advantage of the crisis to cut back labor and social rights . We must oppose them democratically , " said Candido Mendez , leader of the UGT . Spain 's parliament approved the labor reforms last month . Government officials have argued that the measures will reduce unemployment and give workers more rights , such as an annual 20-hour paid leave for training . But unions have sharply criticized the reforms . Sunday 's demonstrations follow union protests last month which drew large crowds nationwide . On Friday , the unions announced a general strike for March 29 . Protester Rafael Serrano Rodriguez carried a poster showing scissors as he walked through Madrid Sunday , saying he opposed government pension cutbacks . Jose Maria Rey Gayo , a civil servant , said the government 's labor market reforms were the most serious attack on worker rights since Spain 's return to democracy 37 years ago . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 % overall , and nearly 50 % for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work and the government has announced deep austerity cuts .	A victim leader and union leaders attend a memorial marking the 2004 bombing anniversary Some criticize unions for holding nationwide protests over labor reforms on the same day The protest "  absolutely does not bother us , " says Pilar Manjon , whose son was killed in attacks Some ceremonies are moved to Monday because of the union demonstrations
CNN  -- An American cruise line has said it "  deeply regrets " the deaths of two Panamanian fishermen amid claims that one of its cruise ships failed to help their stranded boat . Princess Cruises said passengers on the Star Princess apparently alerted a crew member to the disabled fishing boat in March , but initial indications are that the captain was never told . Later that month , the Ecuadorian navy rescued the only survivor of what was meant to be an overnight fishing trip , 18-year-old Adrian Vasquez , after 28 days adrift . Since then , pressure has grown on the cruise line from local and international media to explain why it failed to help . Broadcaster NPR first reported the claim by three passengers , all bird-watchers , that they had spotted the castaways and told cruise ship staff but had seen no action taken . A reporter with the Panama-Guide . com website confirmed with Vasquez that he and his two friends , who at that point were still alive , had tried to attract the attention of the passing cruise ship . Princess Cruises "  deeply regrets that two Panamanian men perished at sea , " its statement Thursday said . "  The preliminary results of our investigation have shown that there appeared to be a breakdown in communication in relaying the passenger 's concern . Neither Captain Edward Perrin nor the officer of the watch were notified , " it said . "  Understandably , Captain Perrin is devastated that he is being accused of knowingly turning his back on people in distress . " If Perrin had received the information , he would have been able to respond appropriately , the company said . "  We all understand that it is our responsibility and also the law of the sea to provide assistance to any vessel in distress , and it is not an uncommon occurrence for our ships to be involved in a rescue at sea , " it said . Its ships have been involved in more than 30 rescues in the past decade , Princess Cruises added . The story of Vasquez 's miraculous survival gained international coverage when he was picked up north of the GalÃ ¡ pagos Islands . The alert was first raised by Vasquez 's parents after he and his two friends , Oropeces Betancourt , 24 , and Fernando Osorio , 16 , failed to return as expected to the town of Rio Hato , Panama . Local fishermen and then the Panamanian navy joined the search , sending ships and airplanes to look for the trio , to no avail . For nearly a month , their fate remained a mystery . But on March 21 , fishermen spotted the boat , named the Fifty Cents , adrift nearly 600 miles from where it had launched . After being alerted by the fishermen , the Ecuadorian navy rescued Vazquez . Rear Adm. Freddy Garcia Calle said Vasquez showed "  severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition " when he was found . He said the survivor had thrown his friends ' bodies into the ocean "  because they had become badly decomposed . " Vasquez 's mother , Nilsa de la Cruz , told CNN last month that she was overjoyed to have her son back . "  After 28 days of anguish , after praying to God that he be found alive ... this is indeed a miracle , " de la Cruz said . She said her son told her the February 24 fishing trip had started out well . The three caught plenty of fish . But the boat 's engine died without warning and , with no tools and scant navigational experience , there was little the trio could do , de la Cruz told CNN . Soon , currents had swept their boat out into the Pacific , far from the coast . De la Cruz said the three ate raw fish and drank rainwater . They had already been adrift for two weeks when passengers on the Star Princess apparently spotted their tiny boat as the fishermen waved for help . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Princess Cruises is investigating what happened after passengers raised the alert One of its cruise ships is accused of failing to come to the aid of the stricken vessel Cruise line : A communication breakdown meant the captain was n't told of the boat A sole survivor , Adrian Vasquez , 18 , was eventually rescued after 28 days adrift
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama has tapped a former Army general to lead the Transportation Security Administration , sources have told CNN . Obama plans to nominate Robert A. Harding , a retired major general with 33 years in the Army , to become the TSA administrator , sources said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will announce the nomination Monday with Harding by her side , according to one administration official . "  The TSA administrator is the most important unfilled post in the Obama administration , " one administration official said . "  Mr. Harding has the experience and perspective to make a real difference in carrying out the mission of the agency . " "  If there was ever a nominee that warranted expedited , but detailed , consideration in the Senate , this is it , " the official said . In September , Obama nominated Erroll Southers , a Los Angeles airport police department official , to head the agency . But Republican Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , spearheaded GOP efforts to block the nomination based on concerns Southers would unionize airport screeners . Southers withdrew his nomination in January after lawmakers questioned his changing explanation about a personnel action taken against him decades ago . Harding would be the TSA 's first African-American administrator . Southers also is black . Harding has served as CEO of Harding Security Associates , a defense and intelligence government contractor that he founded in 2003 and sold in July 2009 . From 1996 to 2000 , Harding was director for operations at the Defense Intelligence Agency , where he was the Defense Department 's senior human intelligence officer . Before that , he was director for intelligence for the Army 's Southern Command . The TSA was created in the months after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks and soon took over security at the nation 's airports , including screening commercial airline passengers and luggage . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Nomination of Robert A. Harding to be announced Monday , sources say Harding "  has the experience ... to make a real difference , " administration official says Harding , who served 33 years in Army , would be the TSA 's first African-American administrator He once was Defense Department 's senior human intelligence officer
CNN  -- If Friday was a day to forget , Tuesday was one to remember . Students , faculty , staff and loved ones did just that at Harder Stadium on the campus of University of California , Santa Barbara , reflecting on the lives of six of its students . "  There is a human desire to come together , to reach out to one another for love and for support , " University of California President Janet Napolitano told the roughly 20,000 people packed in the stadium , according to campus police . "  We are here because we want to share memories of the young lives struck down far too soon . " Napolitano was one of several speakers at the event late Tuesday afternoon , capping a formal day of mourning on campus . Some represented the Southern California university , others spoke for religious centers based nearby , and then there was the father of one victim who spoke for his family and two others . While two families offered prayers for their sons ' killer , there was only one brief mention -- by a faculty member -- of Elliot Rodger by name . He is the only one of the seven killed who did n't attend UCSB . In a 137-page document , not to mention videos and musings on social media , the 22-year-old hinted that years of rejection and jealousy led him to lash out against beautiful women and popular men . Relatives of those Rodger killed described their loved ones as caring , generous and kind . They wanted Tuesday to be about the goodness the victims represented , not the venom connected to their demise . As the family of Cheng Yuan Hong intoned : "  May we together create a peaceful world and let hatred be gone with the wind . " From stabbings to shootings The 20-year-old Hong was one of Rodger 's roommates and first three victims -- along with 19-year-old George Chen and 20-year -- old Weihan "  David " Wang . Each was stabbed to death . A friend of Rodger 's family said Rodger recently had a feud with his roommates , complaining to his landlord that they were too noisy and played lots of video games . He hinted at his plans for them in his manifesto , writing in apparent reference to Chen and Hong , "  I 'd even enjoy stabbing them both to death while they slept . " But Rodger did n't stop there . He then embarked on a shooting rampage Friday night , killing two young women -- Katherine Cooper , 22 , and Veronika Weiss , both members of the Delta Delta Delta sorority . Bob Weiss recalled tracking his 19-year-old daughter 's iPhone , noticing that it was moving -- perhaps to the morgue , along with her body -- though no one was answering . The irony , Weiss said , is that Veronika was exactly the kind of person who would want to help Rodger . "  She was kind . She was the person who would reach out to the kids who were n't the popular kids , some of the nerdy kids , some of the kids that were a little bit like this Rodger kid described himself as . " Rodger did n't stop there , either . He went into a deli and killed UCSB junior Christopher Martinez , who was getting a sandwich . There was more chaos and violence that followed . But while 13 people overall suffered injuries , the only other person who 'd die that night was Rodger himself . He was found with a gunshot wound to his head , after crashing his black BMW . By then , Rodger 's mother , Lichin , had seen the e-mailed manifesto as well as disturbing video on his YouTube page in which her son talked about "  slaughtering " women at a sorority house at UCSB , family friend Simon Astaire said . She and her ex-husband set off from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara , at which point they learned of a shooting . Later , they learned that their son -- who had a history of mental health issues , and was seeing at least two therapists -- was the one behind it . Killer 's parents frantically searched for son Inside the gunman 's head : Rejection , jealousy and a vow to kill ` beautiful girls ' Victim 's father : ` It 's intolerable ' As he has been ever since his emotional and overtly political speech hours after his son 's killing , Martinez 's father , Richard , was the most visible and vocal of the victim 's family members at Tuesday 's memorial . He began his remarks by reading statements on behalf of the Hong and Wang families . The latter expressed pride in a son they characterized as gentle , kind , loving , peaceful and thankful . "  Good for now , " the Wang family wrote , "  until we see you in heaven . " Then , Richard Martinez spoke for his own family  even as he stressed , his views are n't those of all the victims ' families  . He began by remembering his son as a sweet , if determined young man , someone who would quickly get back up if he was knocked down . Richard Martinez said that his son 's death should not be in vain , imploring people and especially politicians to enact stricter gun control laws . He recalling telling a member of Congress that their condolences would n't help ; he wanted them to make a difference with policy changes so that there would n't be more parents , like himself , grieving the loss of children to senseless acts of violence . He rallied many in attendance Tuesday to stand up and chant "  not one more " -- the words he had used when addressing reporters shortly after his son 's death Friday . "  It 's intolerable , " Richard Martinez said Friday . "  We know what 's happening here . Too many people have died , and it should be not one more . " Father of shooting victim chastises politicians Five revelations from the ` twisted world ' of a ` kissless virgin ' CNN 's Sara Sidner , Michael Martinez , Paul Vercammen , Pamela Brown , Todd Leopold , Ashley Fantz , Greg Morrison , Alan Duke and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : About 20,000 gather at University of California , Santa Barbara , to remember victims NEW : Napolitano : They "  share memories " and come together "  for love and for support " NEW : One victim 's father calls frequency of such mass shootings "  intolerable " Elliot Rodger fatally stabbed 3 , shot dead 3 others before being found dead in his car
CNN  -- Presidents John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton all have one . The late Dwight D. Eisenhower is the latest U.S. president to be honored with an airport . The Wichita City Council voted Tuesday to rename the city 's Mid-Continent Airport in honor of the president from Abilene , Kansas . A local petition was launched last year to rename the airport . The city is constructing a new airport next to the existing one , and Mayor Carl Brewer told CNN it 's projected to be completed in March 2015 . Federal Aviation Administration and other approvals are still required before the name change takes effect , said Brewer . "  We looked at the president and his contributions to this country , " Brewer said . "  He was a phenomenal man and president during some challenging times , and  naming the airport after him  was quite fitting . " Last year , Little Rock , Arkansas , officially renamed its airport after former President Bill Clinton and his wife , Hillary , the former senator and secretary of state . Many U.S. airports are named after people whose names are n't quite so familiar . Click through our gallery to see if you know why our airports carry names like "  Dulles , " "  Logan " and Hartsfield . " CNN learned about Wichita 's new airport name from a tweet via CNN affiliate KWCH .	Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport will be airport 's new name The elder President Bush has his name on a Houston airport Little Rock 's airport name includes a president and his wife
CNN  -- When Barack Obama was elected U.S. president he probably did not realize it would give him a chance to pick up tips on his backswing from the world 's elite golfers . U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden make use of the White House putting green . Obama is the honorary chairman for the 2009 Presidents Cup which will be contested at Harding Park Golf Course in San Francisco this week where the top U.S. golfers take on the best players from around the world outside of Europe . As a golf enthusiast , and keen amateur player , the president will get the chance to pick the brains of Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson , Ernie Els and Vijay Singh on how to improve his game . But he is not the first to take to the greens while occupying the Oval Office with 15 of the last 18 U.S. presidents said to have played the sport while in power . Living Golf 's gallery of presidential putters . " Dwight Eisenhower is recognized as probably the most dedicated to the sport , and was often criticized by Democrats for spending too much time on the golf course . Eisenhower 's solution ? In 1954 he had a putting green installed at the White House a short stroll from the Oval Office to enable him to practice while at work which was regularly used by subsequent presidents and still exists to this day . The former five-star general was also a member at the Augusta National Golf Club where a overhanging tree on the 17th hole proved such an obstacle to the leader that it was dubbed the "  Eisenhower Tree . " There is little doubt though that John F. Kennedy was the most talented presidential golfer , although he was reluctant to associate with the game . During his run for president in 1960 , Kennedy did everything possible to keep his fellow Americans from discovering that he not only loved the game but was nearly as good as a club professional and was said to have had a beautiful natural swing . Throughout Eisenhower 's two terms Kennedy had portrayed him as someone who cared more about lowering his handicap than improving the lives of ordinary Americans , so information about his passion for the links only really came out later . Lyndon Johnson is at the opposite end of the spectrum on the talent stakes and is reported to have taken up to 400 swings to get round an 18-hole course while Gerald Ford , who served as honorary chairman for the inaugural Presidents Cup in 1994 , had a reputation for accidentally hitting the ball at spectators . In terms of sheer number of matches though even Eisenhower could not match Woodrow Wilson who was said to have played almost every day , apart from on Sundays , and even had golf balls painted red so he could play in the snow . Ronald Reagan was only an occasional player but Bill Clinton was renowned for an entourage featuring Secret Service agents , a police sniper , a man carrying U.S. nuclear codes , various aides and someone with a secure telephone so he could speak to world leaders on a typical round . George W. Bush still plays regularly with his father , and fellow former president , but Bush junior 's contribution to golf will forever be immortalized in a short press briefing he gave from the course after being questioned on violence in the Middle East . "  I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorist killers . Thank you . " Bush said before he paused and told reporters : "  Now watch this drive ! " Obama therefore follows a healthy tradition of golfing presidents and he can relax safe in the knowledge that even if he can not solve the world 's problems while in the White House at least he can improve his short game .	President Barack Obama is honorary chairman for the 2009 Presidents Cup Obama follows a tradition of recent U.S. presidents who are keen golfers Dwight Eisenhower had a putting green installed at the White House in 1954 George W. Bush and his father George H.W. are both enthusiastic golfers
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A record number of American women will hold U.S. Senate seats after Tuesday 's election . In China , there is speculation over whether a woman will also make history by ascending to its top political core . No woman has ever held a post in the elite nine-member Standing Committee of the Politburo that governs China . Thousands of senior Chinese officials gathered in Beijing this week and at the end of the conference next week , a new set of leaders will be unveiled . Some observers consider Liu Yandong a possible contender for the exclusive ruling committee . Liu is the lone female member of the Politburo , a 24-member body atop the Chinese Communist Party . If promoted to the standing committee , Liu would make a crack in the political glass ceiling . Even with the historic prospect of a woman joining the most powerful Chinese political entity , some are skeptical of the overall progress for Chinese women in power . "  I think women 's participation in politics in China remains largely symbolic due to complicated social , cultural , and political factors , " said Xi Chen , assistant professor of political science at the University of Texas-Pan American . Liu is the daughter of Liu Ruilong , the former vice minister of agriculture . She is also said to have strong family ties with former Chinese President Jiang Zemin as well as President Hu Jintao . She is part of the "  princeling class , " the sons or daughters of revolutionary veterans who now number among the nation 's elite . "  If Liu Yandong is appointed to the Politburo Standing Committee , it would be a milestone for female political representation in China and an indication that the Chinese government is ready to place a woman in a position of genuine power , " said Leta Hong Fincher , doctoral candidate at Tsinghua University , who examines gender issues in China . "  But that move alone would not necessarily lead to an improvement in the overall status of women . " If chosen for the committee , Liu will most likely take the position of the "  propaganda tsar , " according to Hoover Institution , which is based at Stanford University . The group described Liu as "  liberal minded . " Chinese data show that women lag in political representation . Only 2.2 % of working women were in charge of the state offices , party organizations and other enterprises or institutions , according to the Third Survey on Chinese Women 's Social Status , a national survey released last year . During the presentation of these survey results , officials from the All-China Women 's Federation , a women 's advancement organization affiliated with the government , was asked why the Chinese leadership lacked women . Song Xiuyan , the vice-chairman of the federation said the Communist Party of China and the government places "  great importance to empower women 's issues , which our Constitution has clearly put forward the basic principle of ` gender equality . ' " The Women 's Studies Institute of China , which is sponsored by the All-China Women 's Federation , declined multiple requests for comment . "  The relatively small number of female politicians in China is a topic criticized by Western media , " reported Xinhua , the state-run news agency in March . The news agency stated : "  However , the ratio of female national lawmakers stands at 22 % , compared with only 17 % in the United States . " China ranks 63rd in the world by percentage of women serving in a legislative house , compared with U.S. at 80th , according to July data compiled by the Inter-Parliamentary Union , an international organization of parliaments . That ranking may be out-of-date after the U.S. elections this week . Female candidates made huge gains and stand to occupy a record 20 seats out of the 100 in the U.S. Senate . Women in China have made important strides in recent years . Chinese women receive an average of 8.8 years of education compared with 2.7 years in 2000 , according to the national survey . And studies find that women are outperforming men in universities , said Fincher of Tsinghua University . But their education does not translate to economic and political power . "  You see that in the workplace , there 's a lot of systemic gender discrimination in the workplace , there 's discrimination in hiring and promotion , " Fincher said . "  There has also been a lot of evidence that the gender income gap has widened , especially in the very recent years . " Statistically , women 's average annual income was 67.3 % of men 's in urban areas and 56 % in rural areas -- which reflected a decrease compared with the wage gap in 1990 , according to the 2010 national survey . There are exceptions as some women have achieved the pinnacle of financial success . In the Huron Report 's list of the world 's top female billionaires , 18 out of 28 came from China . "  Of course China is the most populous country in the world , " Fincher said . "  Of course you 're going to have individual women who are incredibly successful . That does n't say anything about the status of the vast majority of women . " For Chinese workers , gender-targeted job ads stipulate the age , height and desired physical attributes of female applicants , according to studies on the topic . And the recent survey results suggest that more people believe that Chinese women should focus on family , rather than getting involved in public life or careers . In the national survey , 62 % of men and 55 % of women agreed with this statement : "  Men should mainly focus on career and women should be family oriented . " The number of people who agreed with that statement increased by 7.7 % and 4.4 % for men and women , respectively , in the past 12 years compared with their views in 2000 -- signaling "  a resurgence of traditional beliefs about gender roles , " Fincher said . Gender issues are sensitive in China , especially in a country dogged by a history of preference for males and sex-selective abortion that has resulted in a lopsided population . Male births outpaced female births 118 to 110 , according to Xinhua .	No woman has been tapped to the 9-member standing committee to govern China Liu Yandong is a possible contender for the exclusive standing committee . Some are skeptical of the overall progress for Chinese women in power
CNN  -- Some athletes will go to any lengths to get their hands on an Olympic gold medal . Marion Jones and Ben Johnson are just two examples of champions whose achievements have been scrubbed from the record books due to drug scandals . But competitors who want to run the risk of taking performance-enhancing substances before or during this year 's Summer Olympics will face the most sophisticated anti-doping operation in the history of the Games , according to London 2012 organizers . More than 6,250 samples of blood and urine will be tested during both the Olympics and Paralympics -- four years ago in Beijing that figure was around 4,500 -- with around 150 scientists on duty around the clock . For the first time in Olympics history , a private sponsor -- pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline  GSK  -- will be aiding the effort , providing the facilities for the scientists to carry out their work . The $ 30 million state-of-the-art laboratory in Harlow , Essex is a short distance from the Olympic Park in east London and is fully accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  . "  I think it 's a significant involvement , " WADA 's director general David Howman told CNN . "  The laboratory will have everything it could possibly need in terms of equipment . If athletes go to London , they know if they are cheating they are likely to be caught . " Professor David Cowan , director of King 's College London 's Drug Control Center and chief scientist for the Games , is delighted that GSK is helping out . "  These laboratories are the most high-tech labs in the history of the Games , analyzing more samples than ever before , " Cowan said . With GSK 's support , Cowan and his colleagues have been able to develop "  super-fast , super-sensitive technologies " capable of detecting prohibited substances . "  Across the range of instrument in the lab , we reckon we can pick up things you have n't even thought of , " Cowan said . "  I think we 'll soon be away from the days where designer drugs beat the analyst . I 'm hoping this will be the Games that actually prove that . " Howman says the list of banned substances runs to 10-15 pages , with hundreds of drugs currently prohibited . "  The fight continues and the sophistication continues on both sides . You find that athletes and those that advise athletes are more sophisticated in what they do than they were 10 years ago , " he said . But he says the London 2012 program is "  very , very good , " reiterating that drug-takers will be found out . "  If they are not caught now they can be caught within the next eight years because samples can be re-analyzed . " Things have moved on significantly since the Olympics ' most infamous case of drug taking , he says . "  I do n't think Ben Johnson would even get to London nowadays -- I think he would be picked up in advance , and many athletes now who think they can get there will be swept away by pre-Games testing , " Howman said . "  There were 80-90 athletes who did n't go to Beijing because of pre-testing and I presume that the same sort of number might arise this time around . " After winning the 100 meters final in Seoul in 1988 , a reporter asked the Canadian sprinter what was more precious : a world record or the gold medal ? Johnson chose the latter . "  Why ? " the reporter asked . "  Because it 's something nobody can take away from you , " he replied . The message coming from London 2012 organizers this year is , "  Yes we can , and we will . "	London 2012 organizers enlist help of state-of-the-art laboratory for drug testing Partnership with GlaxoSmithKline will see more than 6,000 blood and urine tests during Games Head of World Anti-Doping Agency says drugs program in London is "  very , very good " "  Fight continues with sophistication continuing on both sides , " says WADA chief
CNN  -- Facebook has so many users -- more than a billion , or roughly the population of India -- that squeezing them all into one Web page seems almost impossible . And yet someone has done just that . A new project , "  The Faces of Facebook , " collects more than 1.27 billion Facebook profile photos on one site , arranged in chronological order according to when the person joined the social network . Users can sign in via Facebook to pinpoint their photo on the page and see where they show up in relation to their friends . At first glance , the site looks like colorful , pixelated white noise . But users can zoom in to see individual photos and then scroll around or click on a photo to visit that person 's Facebook page .  Be warned , however : the page is experiencing heavy traffic and can be slow and buggy . The site launched last week and was built by Natalia Rojas , a self-described "  creative technologist " in Barcelona , Spain . "  I was playing around with Facebook API , and I discovered that there is a way to access everyone 's public information with a very simple  but not obvious  algorithm , " she said in an e-mail to CNN . "  At that time , I thought I could do something beautiful/interesting with that , like showing them all together . Then I started to write the code to achieve it . " Rojas said she is not breaking Facebook privacy rules because she is not storing anyone 's name , photo or private information -- just linking out to public Facebook profiles . She also said she has n't heard from the social network , which she thinks is good news because "  I was a bit worried about things like using their name in the URL . " Facebook did not repond to CNN 's request for comment . Rojas said it took her a year and a half to code the site . The hardest part , she said , was stripping out the default silhouette images that appear on some inactive Facebook profiles . Asked about her hopes for the project , Rojas said she was inspired by the idea that each Facebook profile photo is an example of that person 's best self , and that millions of those images together combine to present a positive , universal message . "  There is a mix of people from all over the world . And somehow we are all telling our friends : ` Look , this is me , when I like myself . ' Feeling happy , being creative , looking good , being passionate about something , proud of something , enjoying the life , " she said . "  So I think , why do n't we try to BE our Facebook profile picture ? Even if life is difficult some times , there is always a way for us to be what we want to be : happy . "	New Web page shows profile photos of 1.2 billion Facebook users Photos are arranged in chronological order by when the person joined Facebook Project was conceived by Natalia Rojas , a self-described "  creative technologist "
CNN  -- Greek Prime Minster Papandreou has called for a referendum on the terms of the loans from the eurozone and IMF . Markets are now trying to fathom out the possible outcomes of this decision -- and they are not all negative . Opinion polls suggest that the loan package will be rejected by Greek voters -- but there is a huge difference between answering the casual question of a pollster and a formal referendum , and one that could mark a turning point in the history of the country . At that moment , electors will have had the time to consider all the arguments put to them and form a balanced opinion before voting . If millions of voters say yes , then the thousands of protesters who have taken to the streets of Greece in recent months may be seen as representing little more than the special interests that the total economic package is designed to remove so the country can develop into an open and competitive modern economy . But if the millions of voters reject the loan package , then what ? It would be difficult to see why the eurozone should offer further assistance -- unless it was very clearly in its own interest to do so . The risk of eurozone bank failures  and knock-on effects  has been a major incentive but , by the time of the referendum , all EU banks should have been analyzed even more deeply by their regulators and recapitalization plans prepared . That analysis should be extended immediately to include counter-party risk -- the risk of a domino effect -- as it will be obvious that there will be no one to bail out the Greek banks themselves , so prudent outsiders should assume that they will all fail , and plan for the natural consequences . Immediately after the referendum , Greece will still be a member of the EU : their implicit decision to default on loans from the EU ought to carry the automatic sanction that there will be no further disbursements of EU structural funds , agricultural subsidies , EIB loans and the like . Planned capital injections of this type currently total about 7 % of Greek GDP . Moreover , it would be quite unlikely that the private sector would be willing to lend to any Greek entities -- unless secured by cast-iron collateral  and contracts  outside Greece . The current Greek external deficit would then have to move into balance as there would be no financing available for excess imports . Indeed , imports would drop by around a quarter -- and swiftly . That would be an exceptionally painful process . Greece can not leave the eurozone under the terms of the existing treaty . In principle , that treaty could be changed if all other countries agreed but that would be a lengthy process and as the risk became widely known every sensible Greek depositor would withdraw euro deposits from the Greek banks and move them abroad . Such a bank run would be the liquidity crisis that triggered the rapid collapse of the entire Greek banking system . Again , dramatically painful consequences for the economy would ensue . If opinion polls were still pointing to rejection as the day approached , any other eurozone members at risk would see these dire consequences unfolding , encouraging them to take all necessary steps to avoid a similar fate . For example , Italy is already expected to have a budget deficit in 2012 below 3 % of GDP , and the current Prime Minister , Silvio Berlusconi , has promised the eurozone heads of government to take additional measures that will ensure a balanced budget in 2013 . The unfolding Greek tragedy will only encourage such states to put their probity beyond doubt , and their voters would have a very clear understanding of why their leaders were asking for such efforts . Bottom line : the eurozone "  political union " that effectively emerged completely at the October 26 summit would see a powerful advantage in standing closely behind such members , and the eurozone in aggregate would be transformed fiscally -- especially in comparison with say the US and the UK . For the unfortunate Greeks , most of the bad news would develop in advance of the vote if the markets expected a No . But such ghastly developments might encourage voters to say Yes and accept the offers of help . However , it could just be a bit too late to avert a genuine Greek tragedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Graham Bishop .	Opinion polls suggest Greek voters will reject eurozone bailout loans A ` no ' vote would have wide-ranging implications for the rest of Europe Under the current eurozone treaty , there is no way for Greece to leave the euro
CNN  -- A military judge dismissed the jury Monday in Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair 's court-martial after e-mails emerged over the weekend that could point to alleged Pentagon interference in the proceedings . Among the 22 pages of e-mails are a January communication in which a senior military lawyer writes Fort Bragg 's chief of military justice casting doubt on SInclair 's accuser 's credibility , and a February correspondence in which a lieutenant colonel with the Judge Advocate General 's Corps asked for a colonel 's "  thoughts/opinion " on Sinclair 's offer to enter a plea . According to CNN affiliate WTVD , Col. James Pohl , the presiding judge in the court-martial , granted a motion to reconsider whether unlawful command influence has marred the proceedings . The judge ruled Army prosecutors failed to meet their burden of proof in denying that the court-martial had been unduly influenced . Now , according to WTVD , the court must determine whether to grant a mistrial or delay the current trial and start over . The judge ruled out his third option : dropping the most serious charges against Sinclair , said Josh Zeitz , a spokesman for the defense . Last week , Sinclair , formerly one of the top Army commanders in Afghanistan , pleaded guilty to several charges , including committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and obstruction of justice , reported the public affairs office for Fort Bragg in North Carolina . The government 's lawyers dropped two counts -- one of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and the other for cruelty and maltreatment -- while Sinclair still stands accused of "  sodomy ... by force and without the consent " of his alleged victim , an Army captain . Charges also loom for alleged cruel and maltreatment of subordinates and defrauding the government , according to Fort Bragg . The accuser , whom the defense has painted as a jilted lover upset that Sinclair would n't leave his wife , testified the day after Sinclair entered pleas to some charges , with the accuser telling the court that the affair started with intimate exchanges and evolved into groping and demands for sex and oral sex , WTVD reported . She was slated to continue testifying Monday , but the judge put the case on hold . It 's unclear if she will resume testimony Tuesday . The e-mails that brought the proceedings to a halt Monday were described by defense attorney Richard Scheff as evidence showing that not only did senior Army officials believe that the accuser had a credibility issue , but also that commanders are making decision based on politics rather than justice . In the January communication , Col. Michael Lacey , a staff judge advocate , writes Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson about the accuser 's testimony regarding an iPhone she said she found December 9 . "  The forensic analysis of the phone indicates she accessed the phone before 9 December , which brings her credibility into question . The Special Victims Prosecutor  SVP  is trying to reconcile the forensic analysis and her statement , but it is possible that she was not truthful , " Lacey wrote . The defense wants the remaining charges against Sinclair dismissed and says the case "  should never have come to trial . " "  It 's a mess entirely of the government 's making , " Scheff said . "  When the chief prosecutor quits because he does n't believe the accuser , when senior officials in the chain of command and the Pentagon agree that the accuser has a credibility problem , and when commanders make decisions based on politics instead of justice , how can you possibly call this a functional process ? "	Judge dismisses jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerge over weekend E-mails show Army officials had doubts about accuser 's credibility Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair pleaded guilty to several counts last week Defense describes case as a "  mess entirely of the government 's making "
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The Arab world is among the worldwide audience that has been closely watching as events in Iran have unfolded over the past week . Protesters fight running battles with motorcycle-mounted militia members Saturday in Tehran . "  In all honesty , I am amazed by these Iranians , " Egyptian human rights activist and blogger Walid Abbas posted on his Twitter page . "  I have no green t-shirt " Abbas tweeted Saturday . He was referring to the color worn by many supporters of opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose supposed failure to win last week 's election sparked the wave of unrest that has gripped the nation . Watching the events unfolding in Iran on Twitter , Youtube and other social networks , the Egyptian activist said he is learning from the Iranian activists . He said he does not support Moussavi because he is part of the Mullah system . "  We are not with Moussavi , " Abbas tweeted , "  We are with the Iranian people and their demands . " Taghlob Salah , a 24-year-old Iraqi student at Baghdad Law College , told CNN that the Iranian youths who make up most of the protesters can be inspiring to Iraqis , despite cultural differences . See images of the clashes Saturday " "  Despite the difference that we have with Iran and the fact that many Iraqis do n't trust their Persian neighbor , we are still Muslims and at the end of the day that matters a lot , " he said . "  We will look at this phase in Iranian history and learn , for sure and I can say that we will learn from them , 100 percent . " Iraq and Iran are culturally linked because their populations are predominantly Shiite Muslims , as opposed to Sunni Muslims who make up the majority of most Arab countries . Salah credited the Internet for giving everyone involved a chance to have their voices heard . "  There are so many Iraqi groups all over Facebook , " he said . "  The world is evolving ; we are developing our approach to our surroundings . " Abdel Bari Atwan , editor of the London-based pan-Arab newspaper Al-Quds Al-Arabi , expressed dismay over the continued protests . He called on Moussavi to be "  responsible enough to protect his people and avoid bloodshed , instability and confrontation in his country that may rupture the Iranian internal unity spreading chaos throughout the region . " Atwan said Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made it clear in his speech during Friday prayers that his patience had run out and he praised the supreme leader for having displayed "  leniency " in his dealings with the protesters , but predicted that that leniency would not continue . iReport.com : Share images from Iran Abd Rahman Rashed , editor of the Saudi-owned , London-based Arabic daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat , expressed a different point of view . In an editorial published Saturday , Rashed directed comments to Arab supporters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose landslide victory in last week 's election is being challenged by Moussavi and his supporters . "  No matter what happens , Iran did technically change and will shift its course in a great way , " Rashed wrote . "  It is over , " he said . "  Iran the one system , the street and the agenda is over . " They may not understand Farsi or why some Iranians voted for Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi or Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , but Arabs can surely relate to the passionate shouts of "  God is Great ! " And "  Down with the dictator " in defiance of Iran 's theocracy . Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense : through its proxies , Iran sometimes accuses some of the leading Arab states , including Egypt and Saudi Arabia , of being subject to the whims of Western imperialism and of failing to confront America and its ally , Israel , in the region . Rashed credited Iranians for speaking with courage against their government 's funding of controversial organizations like Hezbollah , Hamas and anti-government groups in Yemen and elsewhere . He said Iranians voted against the current system because they do n't want the government to dedicate the country 's budget to ally itself to such organizations instead of focusing on the average citizen . Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them financially , militarily and politically in their confrontation with the international community . Those states include Syria and Sudan , which support organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah -- deemed terrorist organizations by the United States -- that are used as a proxy to challenge America and Israel in the region . Some Arab states have long warned that Shiite Iran wants to spread its power across the Sunni-dominated Arab world , causing more mistrust and friction between the Persian nation and the Arab world . Recently , Egypt and Morocco accused Iran of attempting to spread the Shiite faith among its Sunni population and creating Shiite converts and activists in their communities and in the rest of the Arab world -- a charge that Iran has denied .	Arab world has closely watched as events in Iran have unfolded over past week Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense Egypt , Morocco accuse Iran of trying to spread Shiite faith among its Sunni population Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them
"  It 's why the American people hate Congress . Unlike the people in Congress , we have actual responsibilities . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie dropped a bomb on Republican House Speaker John Boehner and Congress for refusing to allow a vote on Hurricane Sandy relief in the final hours of the 112th Congress . It was an instant classic of principled political outrage . It provided a strong dose of what Washington has been missing : blunt , independent leadership . Christie prosecuted the case by pointing out that hurricane relief had been provided more quickly to others : For victims of Katrina after 10 days and victims of Hurricane Andrew in Florida after 30 days . But residents of the New Jersey and New York coast have been waiting 65 days to date for some relief . Christie also accurately pointed out that Northeast states such as New Jersey and New York send more to the federal government in taxes than they get back in federal aid , unlike many of the red states represented by conservatives in Congress . The "  makers versus takers " narratives fall apart fast when confronted with reality . Pulling no punches , Christie declared : "  Last night , the House majority failed most basic test of leadership and they did so with callous disregard to the people of my state . ... It was disappointing and disgusting to watch . " He also unapologetically named names : "  There 's only one group to blame ... the House majority , and their Speaker , John Boehner . " He added that the relief bill "  just could not overcome the toxic internal politics of the House majority . " But Christie also took the high road in terms of decrying the overall atmosphere of hyperpartisanship in D.C. , arguing correctly that "  Americans are tired of the palace intrigue and political partisanship of this Congress ... this used to be something that was not political . Disaster relief was something that you did n't play games with . " Politics : Republicans reverse outrage , pledge to back Boehner Christie 's broadside drew widespread praise on the Web . One tweet I saw from "  Ronnie " in Chicago seemed typical : "  His dedication to his State is inspiring . I 'm a democrat but damn , Christie 's won me over . He has a damn heart . " Christie 's fury was backed up by similar straight talk from New York Republican Congressman Peter King of Long Island . He blasted House leadership on CNN Wednesday morning : "  I would say the Republican Party has said it is the party of family values , " he said . "  Last night it turned its back on the most essential value of all , and that is to provide food , shelter , clothing and relief for people who have been hit by a natural disaster . And I would say that the Republican Party has turned its back on those people . " This display of independence was a reminder that there is a distinct brand of tough Northeastern Republicans -- people such as Christie , King and Rudy Giuliani -- who do n't simply toe the line with party leadership or ideological litmus tests . Largely as a result , they are able to connect with centrists and independent voters and win on Democratic turf . This is a lesson for national Republicans as they look to reach out beyond their base . Christie and King 's principled independence and tough talk against their own party leadership brought results . Within hours , Boehner and Republican House leadership announced that they would vote for an initial round of Sandy relief on Friday , followed by a vote on the remaining amount on January 15 . Conservative activist groups such as Americans for Prosperity , the Club for Growth and Heritage Action all pressured congressional Republicans to vote against Hurricane Sandy relief , and while they helped block a bill from coming to a vote on New Year 's Eve , the swift and unsubtle backlash brought a wise reassessment . All this is a reminder that straight talk in politics is so rare that it stands out and carries more than its own weight in civic debates . It cuts through the spin and resonates beyond party lines because it is credible and rooted in reality . Most importantly , it gets results . Boehner 's turnaround brought to mind a comment made by Christie during his press conference : "  No one is beyond redemption . " Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Chris Christie blasted Speaker John Boehner over failing to vote on Sandy aid John Avlon : Conservative groups had pressured GOP not to approve the aid He says Christie pointed out long lag in approving aid to the Northeast Avlon : Christie and Rep. Peter King got results , as House agreed to schedule votes
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's been in the bull 's eye of Republicans and conservatives since 2008 , but after Wednesday 's hearing on last September 's terror attack in Benghazi , Libya , many on the right are shifting their aim at former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Soon after the hearing by the GOP-led House Oversight Committee looking into the events surrounding the death of the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans , a recently formed pro-Republican opposition research group blasted out an e-mail with the headline "  Benghazi Hearing Raises Serious Questions About Clinton . " America Rising PAC then followed up Thursday with a Web video which it says outlines "  the serious questions raised about Hillary Clinton 's leadership yesterday in a House Oversight Committee hearing . " The Republican National Committee and American Crossroads , the Karl Rove-backed pro-GOP super PAC , also issued e-mails critical of Clinton , America 's top diplomat at the time of the attack last September 11 . The group put out a web video Friday morning that asks if Clinton "  was part of a coverup . " And Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a possible 2016 GOP White House contender , criticized Clinton in an interview on Thursday on Fox News Channel . Mother of Benghazi victim : I blame Hillary Many Republicans see the deadly attack on the diplomatic compound in Benghazi and the initial reaction by the State Department and the White House as a huge scandal , one that they feel Democrats tried to cover up with the president 's re-election , at the time , less than two months away . The GOP accuses the administration of not bolstering security prior to the attack , of botching the response to it , and of misleading the public in its slow-to-evolve explanation of events . They point to five TV appearances the Sunday following the attack by Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , who called the armed assault a "  spontaneous protest " rather than an act of terrorism . Many Democrats disagree and call the GOP drumbeat a "  witch hunt . " While the president is definitely still in conservative 's line of fire over Benghazi , 2016 politics are also at play in this story . Obama ca n't run for a third term and Clinton , who 's weighing a White House run , would be the instant front-runner for the Democratic nomination if she launches a bid for president . Clinton stepped down as secretary of state with sky-high poll numbers , but the incident in Benghazi is a stain on her record at the State Department . The question is whether it could come back to haunt her if she does seek the presidency . Boehner calls for White House to release Benghazi emails An independent review of the Benghazi incident , led by Adm. Mike Mullen , a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and former ambassador Thomas R. Pickering , discovered no wrongdoing by Clinton . But critics noted at the time that neither Mullen nor Pickering interviewed Clinton . Before she stepped down as planned in late January , Clinton testified for hours on Capitol Hill on the Benghazi attack . She was forceful in her defense and the conventional wisdom at the time was that she was not politically wounded . But the story was given new legs thanks to the House hearing , which showcased the testimony of State Department whistleblowers who had not previously testified , including the riveting details from an official who was on the ground in Tripoli at the time of the attack in Benghazi . Even before Wednesday 's hearing , there was plenty of hype . Doomed Libya ambassador : ` We 're under attack ' "  I think the dam is about to break on Benghazi , " Sen. Lindsey Graham wrote on his Facebook page . "  We 're going to find a system failure before , during , and after the attacks . We 're going to find political manipulation seven weeks before an election . We 're going to find people asleep at the switch when it comes to the State Department , including Hillary Clinton , " added the South Carolina Republican , who 's been a longtime critic of the administration 's role in Benghazi . But Clinton 's specific role did not dominate the hearing , with only one GOP congressman on the panel trying to drill down for specifics . The question now is whether any smoking gun emerged from Wednesday 's hearing regarding what Clinton knew and when she knew it . Republicans and Democrats obviously disagree on this question "  I rather doubt the current right-wing demagoguery is going to hurt Hillary if she chooses to run , " said Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala , who was a top political adviser in Bill Clinton 's White House . What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos disagreed . "  It is increasingly looking like the only president named Clinton may be Bill , " said Castellanos , who is spearheading a new super PAC called NewRepublican.org to refocus the party 's messaging and policy goals . . One thing 's for sure : Wednesday 's hearing wo n't be the end of this story . Thursday morning House Speaker John Boehner called on the president to release emails that he says show how the White House wanted to change the Benghazi attack "  talking points . " Stay tuned .	After Wednesday 's Benghazi hearing , many on the right are shifting their aim at Hillary Clinton The incident in Benghazi is a stain on Clinton 's record as America 's top diplomat Before she stepped down , Clinton testified for hours on the Benghazi attack
The element of surprise was lost in a failed U.S. military raid to rescue two hostages being held by al Qaeda militants in Yemen , a senior Defense Department official said Saturday . American photojournalist Luke Somers and South African Pierre Korkie , a "  respected teacher " who was to be released on Sunday , were fatally shot in the compound by a terrorist as the secret mission unfolded , a U.S. official said . The relief group Gift of the Givers , which was helping secure Korkie 's release , had recently informed his wife that "  the waiting is almost over . " "  Three days ago , we told her ` Pierre will be home for Christmas , ' " said the group , which identified the South African hostage as Korkie . "  We certainly did not mean it in the manner it has unfolded . " He was an "  innocent man , a respected teacher , " Korkie 's wife , Yolande , said in a video made before his death . U.S. President Barack Obama ordered Friday 's mission because "  there were compelling reasons to believe Mr. Somers ' life was in imminent danger , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said . A video of Somers pleading for his life was released earlier this week by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . AQAP gave the U.S. three days to comply with unspecified demands . Time was running out . Arrangements for Korkie 's release may have been missed by the White House . The Obama administration assessed that there were two individuals at the location but did not know one was South African or that negotiations were under way for his release , a senior State Department official told CNN . Korkie and his wife were abducted in May of last year , but AQAP subsequently let his wife go . On Friday , a team of local leaders was finalizing arrangements to reunite Korkie with his wife and children , the relief group said in a statement . Obama 's decision The President condemned AQAP 's killing of the two hostages and explained his decision to authorize the rescue attempt . "  Earlier this week , a video released by his terrorist captors announced that Luke would be killed within 72 hours , " Obama said in a statement . "  I also authorized the rescue of any other hostages held in the same location as Luke . " Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement that the President had received a recommendation to authorize the operation . Obama offered his condolences to Somers ' family . "  I also offer my thoughts and prayers to the family of a non-U.S. citizen hostage who was also murdered by these terrorists during the rescue operation , " the statement read . "  Their despair and sorrow at this time are beyond words . " South Africa 's Department of International Relations and Cooperation expressed its "  deepest condolences to the family and friends of Mr Korkie for their loss . Condolences are also conveyed to the family and loved ones of the deceased American hostage . " ` They lost the element of surprise ' The operation took place Friday at 5 p.m. ET , a U.S. official told CNN . On Thursday , the Defense Department became aware of enough new intelligence about the location of the hostages to stage a rescue mission , the official said . A senior Defense Department official traveling with Hagel in Afghanistan said that the operation was accelerated because there was intelligence that Somers would be killed on Saturday morning , Eastern time . Obama and Hagel were briefed the next day . Two Osprey aircraft transported a team of about three dozen U.S. Navy SEALs , mainly from SEAL Team 6 , and a combat medical team near the captives ' location . There were no Yemeni forces with the U.S. commandos . The official traveling with Hagel said that once the Ospreys landed , the team had to trek about 10 kilometers  6 miles  to the compound . They were discovered about 100 meters from the location where Korkie and Somers were being held , according to that official . The main part of the assault lasted five to 10 minutes . "  They lost the element of surprise at the last minute as they approached the compound , " the official said . It was not clear where the kidnappers were when the firefight started , but the official said that the U.S. is certain that someone ran back inside the compound and shot Korkie and Somers after the battle broke out . The official would not specify how it could be certain of that detail . Difficult , ` precision ' mission U.S. forces were on the ground for about 30 minutes , an official told CNN . They stayed for that length of time because the combat medical team was trying to stabilize the two wounded hostages . According to another official , the hostages were loaded onto a plane and flown to a nearby U.S. ship . One of the hostages died before reaching the ship . The other died afterward . Drones and fighter jets patrolled overhead during the mission . The U.S. forces that carried out the mission are safe , a U.S. defense official said . Both the President and Kerry praised their valor . The hostages were being kept at a location close to one where U.S. and Yemeni forces had carried out a previous raid . This rescue mission was particularly difficult , due in part to Yemen 's sparse population , retired Lt. Col. James Reese , global affairs analyst for CNN , said Saturday . Reese noted that it would have been difficult for the military to travel a significant distance by air and still maintain the element of surprise in a rescue operation . "  It has to take precision , " he said . "  This is like brain surgery . " A previous attempt It was the second such attempt by U.S. forces in two weeks . In the first attempt , in November , U.S. and Yemeni special forces outfitted with night visors embarked on the mission about a few miles from a cave where AQAP was holding hostages . A gunbattle ensued , and the special forces killed all seven abductors and freed eight hostages . But the militants had separated Somers and four more hostages from the group and moved them to another location two days before the raid . This week , AQAP released a video threatening to kill Somers and showing the American photojournalist pleading for his life . A spokesman read a statement saying Somers would be killed if Washington did not meet the terror group 's demands . The spokesman did not name the demands but said the U.S. government knew what they were . Pleading for his life Somers ' brother and mother posted a response video to YouTube in which they pleaded with the militants to spare him . "  He is not responsible for any actions that the U.S. government has taken . Please understand that we had no prior knowledge of the rescue attempt for Luke , and we mean no harm to anyone , " Jordan Somers said . Paula Somers thanked his captors for taking good care of him , but also asked her son be returned to her alive . "  Please show mercy and give us an opportunity to see our Luke again . He is all that we have , " she said . Tik Root , a former freelance journalist , met Luke Somers when they were both in Yemen . "  Of all the people I met in Yemen , Luke is certainly not the person that should have happened to , " Root told CNN . "  He was passionate about the country , its people , and he was just a very thoughtful , quirky guy . " Root is now a desk assistant for PBS NewsHour , and he wrote about Somers on Saturday morning on NewsHour 's website . "  I did n't know him particularly well but we did cross paths about a dozen times , " Root said . "  He was really dedicated to Yemen . " More on detained Americans	State Department did n't know other hostage was South African , official tells CNN Luke Somers "  was really dedicated to Yemen , " acquaintance tells CNN Somers , a photojournalist , was captured in September last year South African hostage Pierre Korkie was to be released on Sunday
CNN  -- In a Nairobi slum , more than one in four children under 5 will die , but in a wealthier part of the Kenyan capital , the mortality rate is one in almost 67 , according to a World Health Organization report released Tuesday . A woman lies next to her sick child at a medical center in Sheshemene , Ethiopia , in July . The World Health Report 2008 aims to spotlight disparities in health care across the globe , and as the Nairobi example illustrates , the differences exist not only between the First and Third Worlds -- they can occur just across town . WHO roundly criticizes the organization , finance and delivery of health care and calls advances in the field "  deeply and unacceptably unequal , with many disadvantaged populations increasingly lagging behind or even losing ground . " The report says that a citizen of a wealthy nation can live up to 40 years longer than someone in a poor country , and of the 136 million women who will give birth this year , about 58 million  43 percent  will receive no medical assistance during childbirth or the postpartum period . UNICEF Executive Director Ann Veneman said the sharp inequities in the cost and access to health care often speak to larger societal ills . "  High maternal , infant and under-five mortality often indicates lack of access to basic services such as clean water and sanitation , immunizations and proper nutrition , " she said in a statement . WHO Director-General Margaret Chan insists the dilemma is not just a matter of haves versus have-nots . "  A world that is greatly out of balance in matters of health is neither stable nor secure , " she said in a statement from Almaty , Kazakhstan , where the report was released . The difference in annual government expenditures on health care is more canyon than gap , according to the report . While the wealthiest nations dole out as much as $ 6,000 per person each year , some countries are unable or unwilling to spend more than $ 20 per person . However , while calling for wide-ranging reforms in the delivery of primary health care , the report notes that it is n't always a matter of government expenditures . Tajikistan and Sierra Leone both spend less than $ 100 per person on health care . But while the health-adjusted life expectancy in Sierra Leone is under 30 years of age , Tajikistan 's is almost 70 -- a figure comparable to the United States , which spends more than $ 2,500 a person on health care . "  When countries at the same level of economic development are compared , those where health care is organized around the tenets of primary health care produce a higher level of health for the same investment , " the report says . WHO defines primary health care as being "  universally accessible to individuals and families in the community by means acceptable to them , through their full participation and at a cost that the community and country can afford . " The organization 's report -- titled "  Primary Health Care -- Now More Than Ever " -- calls for a move toward universal coverage to reverse a trend over the last 30 years in which disparities in the levels of health care have actually widened . Universal coverage , the report says , would lower the risks of disease outbreaks for everyone , not just the impoverished . Currently , the most common means of paying for health care is out of pocket , which WHO says is the "  most inequitable method for financing health care services . " The report says more than 100 million people fall into poverty in a given year because of health care bills . Another problem , the report says , is that doctors tend not to focus on prevention . "  Rather than improving their response capacity and anticipating new challenges , health systems seem to be drifting from one short-term priority to another , increasingly fragmented and without a clear sense of direction , " according to the report . But the report also handed out accolades , most notably to Iran and Cuba . WHO applauded the Islamic Republic 's 17,000 "  health houses , " which serve about 1,500 people each . The report credited the centers with boosting Iranians ' life expectancy from 63 to 71 years between 1990 and 2006 . And in Cuba , the nation 's "  polyclinics " have yielded one of the longest life expectancies  78 years  of any developing country , the report says . The report called for all sectors of society to help determine how health care is allocated , and it singled out the United States for spending just 0.1 percent of its health budget on health systems research -- the kind of research that policymakers use to decide how money is spent . The report also points to the pharmaceutical industry 's impact on health care in the United States , where the average expenditure on prescription drugs in 2005 was $ 1,141 per person -- twice the average in Canada , Germany and Britain , and 10 times the average in Mexico . To combat the problems facing global health care , WHO says in its report that nations must improve coverage and delivery , as well as policy and leadership . It acknowledges that primary health care is n't cheap , but asserts that the "  investment provides better value for money than its alternatives . " "  The legitimacy of health authorities increasingly depends on how well they assume responsibility to develop and reform the health sector according to what people value -- in terms of health and of what is expected of health systems in society , " the report says .	Health care disparities make world "  neither stable nor secure , " WHO director says Report : 43 percent of women giving birth this year will do so without medical help Tajikistan , Sierra Leone have 40-year gap in life expectancy despite expenditures Report applauds Iran , Cuba for finding ways to improve health care
