CNN  -- Former Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill said in an interview with The Washington Post that he was the one who fired the final shot to kill Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Two Special Operations sources confirmed to me that O'Neill was one of the shooters in bin Laden 's room . But did he really kill bin Laden ? And , ultimately , does it even really matter who shot bin Laden since the SEAL raid in Abbottabad , Pakistan was so clearly a team effort . O'Neill has told his story before in a lengthy profile in Esquire in 2013 in which O'Neill was described not with his real name but only as "  the Shooter . " In the Esquire piece , O'Neill / The Shooter was said to have encountered al Qaeda 's leader face-to-face in the top-floor bedroom of the compound in Abbottabad where he 'd been hiding for more than five years . The Shooter said the al Qaeda leader was standing up and had a gun "  within reach , " and it was only then that the Shooter fired two shots into bin Laden 's forehead , killing him . That account was in conflict with the narrative from another raid participant in a wildly successful book , "  No Easy Day . " Another member of the secretive SEAL Team 6 , which executed the bin Laden raid , told CNN the story of the Shooter as presented in Esquire is false . According to this serving SEAL Team 6 operator , the story is "  complete BS . " Twenty-three SEALs and their interpreter launched the assault on the bin Laden compound just after midnight on the morning of May 2 , 2011 . They shot and killed bin Laden 's two bodyguards , one of bin Laden 's sons and the wife of one of the bodyguards . They also wounded two other women . The first three SEALs to make it to the top floor of the compound were "  the point man , " "  the Shooter " profiled by Esquire , and Matt Bissonnette , the SEAL who wrote "  No Easy Day " under the pseudonym Mark Owen . What actually happened the night of the raid , according to the SEAL Team 6 operator who I interviewed , is that the "  point man " ran up the stairs to the top floor and shot bin Laden in the head when he saw what looked like bin Laden poking his head out of his bedroom door . The shot gravely wounded al Qaeda 's leader . Having taken down bin Laden , the point man proceeded to rush two women he found in the bedroom , gathering them in his arms to absorb the explosion in case they were wearing suicide vests , something that was a real concern of those who planned the raid . Two more SEALs then entered bin Laden 's bedroom and , seeing that he was lying mortally wounded on the floor , finished him off with shots to the chest . This account of bin Laden 's demise is considerably less heroic than the Shooter 's version in Esquire , in which he says he shot bin Laden while he was standing up and only after he saw that the al Qaeda leader had a gun within reach . The SEAL Team 6 operator who spoke to me says there is no way the Shooter could have seen a gun in bin Laden 's reach because the two guns that were found in the bedroom after the shooting were only discovered after a thorough search and were sitting on a high shelf above the frame of the door that opened to the room . The SEAL operator also points out there was a discussion before the raid in which the assault team was told "  do n't shoot the guy  bin Laden  in the face unless you have to " because the CIA would need to analyze good pictures of bin Laden 's face for its facial recognition experts to work effectively . Yet the Shooter in the Esquire story says he shot bin Laden on purpose twice in the forehead . A U.S. official familiar with the details of the raid said the SEAL Team 6 operator 's version is in line with what happened . That account "  has it right in my view , " the official said . The SEAL Team 6 operator also tells CNN that the Shooter was "  thrown off " the Red Squadron , the core of the SEAL Team 6 group that carried out the bin Laden raid , because he was bragging about his role in the raid in bars around Virginia Beach , Virginia , where SEAL Team 6 is based . In the Esquire article , the Shooter complains he is receiving no pension , since he left the military four years before the minimum 20 years required to be eligible . After the article appeared , CNN spoke with Phil Bronstein , the Esquire writer who says he passed along CNN 's written questions about the Shooter 's role in the raid to his story 's main character . The Shooter did not respond to those questions . Stephanie Tuck , a spokeswoman for Esquire , said via email the magazine stood by its story . "  The Esquire article , ` The Shooter : The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden , ' in the March 2013 issue , is based on information from numerous sources , including members of SEAL Team 6 and the Shooter himself , as well as detailed descriptions of mission debriefs . " According to present and former members of SEAL Team 6 , the "  point man " who fired the shot that likely mortally wounded bin Laden will never "  in a million years " speak publicly about his role in the raid , and they lauded his courageous decision to throw himself on the two women in bin Laden 's room . The new account of the bin Laden raid provided by the serving SEAL Team 6 operator is essentially the same as in Bissonnette 's "  No Easy Day . " Bissonnette says he was one of the first to run into the bedroom and he saw that the point man 's shots had mortally wounded bin Laden . Bissonnette says he then shot the dying al Qaeda leader as he lay on the floor . Present and former members of SEAL Team 6 say they regard Bissonnette as more credible than the Shooter . Balanced against that , according to a story filed by CNN 's Barbara Starr last year after the publication of "  No Easy Day , " the head of U.S. special operations , Adm. William McRaven , contacted members of the Navy SEAL team that killed bin Laden . According to Pentagon officials , the SEALs said bin Laden was standing in his bedroom when he was shot , and they believed that he posed a threat because there were weapons in the room . This account tends to bolster the story the Shooter told Esquire . In a previous CNN.com story about the Esquire profile , I noted that I was the only outside observer allowed to tour bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound before it was demolished in late February 2012 . During that tour , I looked around the bedroom where bin Laden was killed . The Pakistani military officers who were guiding me pointed out a patch of dark , dried blood on the low ceiling of bin Laden 's bedroom . This patch of congealed blood seems to be consistent with the Shooter 's story that he fired two shots at the forehead of a "  surprisingly tall terrorist " while he was standing up . At the time , the precise location of bin Laden when he was shot was not a matter of dispute . But the blood patch could also be consistent with the account that it was the "  point man " who first shot bin Laden . The point man is 5 feet 6 inches tall and was shooting upward at a tall man as he poked his head out of his bedroom . The compound is , of course , now gone , so it is no longer possible to reconstruct what happened the night of the raid based on forensic evidence . Finally , by all accounts , it was a confusing situation the night of the raid . One of the SEAL team 's helicopters had crashed , and there was a firefight with one of bin Laden 's bodyguards . All the electricity in the compound and the surrounding neighborhood was off on a moonless night and the SEALs were wearing night vision goggles , which only allowed them limited vision . What seems incontrovertible is that the point man , the Shooter and Bissonnette were the first three SEALs to assault bin Laden 's bedroom . But to determine exactly which of them killed him might never be possible . What is certain is that it was a team effort . Five days after the bin Laden raid , members of the SEAL team who carried out the mission briefed President Barack Obama . According to those in the room , the SEAL team commander explained to the President , "  If you took one person out of the puzzle , we would n't have the competence to do the job we did ; everybody 's vital . It 's not about the guy who pulled the trigger to kill bin Laden , it 's about what we all did together . "	Three years after Osama bin Laden 's death , Robert O'Neill says he was the one who killed him Peter Bergen says the killing was a team effort and there is some dispute over what happened Bergen : Other SEALs have raised questions about the account given by O'Neill
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's controversial president defended his government 's relationship with the country 's supreme leader on Friday , disputing charges of a political rift . Iranian government said Ahmadinejad won two-thirds of the vote in the June 12 vote . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , speaking to a gathering in Mashad in northern Iran , rejected claims by people who have attempted to cast the relationship between his government and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei "  as tainted , " according to Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency . "  They are ignorant of the fact that our relationship with the respected leader is far above the framework of politics and administration and is based on love and faith , and resembles the relationship between father and son , " Ahmadinejad said . "  The efforts of ill wishers to insinuate such doubts is fruitless , and they will surely take such wishes to their graves . This road is blocked to the devils . " Differences between high-ranking Iranian officials over the controversial June presidential elections have stoked talk of a rift in the government and the Shiite religious hierarchy that rules the country . In addition , Ahmadinejad has been criticized lately by conservatives and opposition politicians for appointing a controversial politician , Esfandyar Rahim Mashaie , to the post of first vice president . Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ordered Ahmadinejad to nullify Mashaie 's appointment , and Mashaie announced he would resign from the position . Ahmadinejad then appointed Mashaie presidential adviser and head of his bureau . Mashaie made enemies among Iran 's fundamentalists when he reportedly said last year that the Iranian people are friends with all people , including Israelis . He was also criticized for attending a ceremony in Turkey where women danced on stage . In Iran , women are forbidden to dance in public and Iranian officials are expected to leave when such entertainment is provided for them while they are visiting abroad . Mashaie 's daughter is married to Ahmadinejad 's son . He is among the president 's closest confidants and Ahmadinejad has defended Mashaie despite the criticism . The latest criticism of Ahmadinejad came during Friday prayers . Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , the head of Iran 's Guardian Council , criticized the move to make Mashaie a vice president and Ahmadinejad 's firing of Cabinet members . Ahmadinejad is scheduled to be officially approved on Monday by the supreme leader and inaugurated Wednesday before the nation 's parliament . Many Iranians believe Ahmadinejad 's victory in the June elections was rigged , and the result prompted angry protests . People took to the streets Thursday to mourn the death during street demonstrations last month of Neda Agha-Soltan , who has emerged as a symbol of the post-election ferment . Agha-Soltan , 26 , was shot during protests on June 20 . Her last moments were captured on a shaky video , probably shot with a cell phone , that was seen around the world . More than 3,000 people came to a Tehran cemetery to mourn on the 40th day after her death -- a custom in Shiite Islam . Clashes broke out there and at other locations between police and demonstrators or mourners . One clash occurred at the Grand Mosalla -- a mosque under construction in Tehran . Press TV said that at least 50 Iranians were arrested when thousands of people gathered in Tehran , but most were released a short time later , a senior police official said . Mir Hossein Moussavi , the main opposition leader during the election , attempted to go to the gravesite but was turned away by security forces . On Friday , a Moussavi video surfaced on a Facebook site . In it , he defended the opposition movement and stressed the message that Iranians must return to the principles and ideals of the Islamic revolution in 1979 . And he also made similar points in remarks published by the Iranian Labour News Agency on July 27 .	Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad denies rift with supreme leader Ahmadinejad says opponents are "  ignorant " about their relationship He is scheduled to be inaugurated Wednesday before the nation 's parliament
CNN  -- Experience getting up early is about to come in handy to Savannah Guthrie . The "  Today " anchor gave birth Wednesday to a daughter named Vale Guthrie Feldman . It 's the first child for Guthrie and husband Mike Feldman . Guthrie shared the news on social media and tweeted "  My 3am wake up call sounds a lot different now . Sweeter . " Her co-anchor Matt Lauer revealed on the show Thursday that he was texting with Gutherie prior to the birth when she went silent . When he inquired as to why , she texted him a picture of her daughter 's foot . "  It was Vale 's foot ... and I just sat there smiling , " Lauer said . Gutherie tweeted a picture of the new baby . She announced her pregnancy on air in March at the same time she announced that she and Feldman had tied the knot .	Guthrie gave birth on Wednesday It 's a first for her and husband Mike Feldman Matt Lauer shared how he found out
CNN  -- Even if Lindsey Vonn competes at the Olympics in Sochi in February , what kind of form will the four-time World Cup overall champion be in ? Vonn missed a gate in a downhill in Val d'Isere , France on Saturday -- with boyfriend Tiger Woods watching -- and then said her ailing right knee was to blame . She was seeking to become just the second woman -- behind Austria 's Annemarie Moser-Proll -- to win 60 World Cup races . "  I did n't hurt myself more than I 'm already hurt , " the American told reporters . "  Unfortunately I have no  anterior cruciate ligament  and it gave out on me . "  My knee is loose and it 's not stable and that 's the way it 's going to be from here on out . I just have to get used to it . " The reigning Olympic and World Cup downhill champ hurt the knee at the world championships last February -- she subsequently underwent reconstructive surgery -- and aggravated the problem in a crash in training last month . But Vonn made a quick recovery and placed fifth in a Super-G in Lake Louise , Canada before deciding to skip last week 's races in St. Moritz , Switzerland . "  It 's certainly not the return I had anticipated , " Vonn said . "  It was Tiger 's first time on a World Cup race and I was really hoping to win my 60th as a present for him . " Vonn added she would probably only race once or twice more prior to the Olympics in Russia . "  I just need to be more careful of how many races I do , " she said . "  I 'm at risk of doing more damage to my knee and my meniscus . So I 'm going to play it safe and race really minimal races . " Marianne Kaufmann-Abderhalden of Switzerland earned a maiden World Cup victory , beating Slovenia 's Tina Maze by 0.29 seconds and Austria 's Cornelia Huetter by 0.50 seconds . Kaufmann-Abderhalden trails Germany 's Maria Hoefl-Riesch by six points in the downhill standings . Hoefl-Riesch was ninth Saturday . Oh , Canada Erik Guay has had knee problems of his own -- undergoing surgery in August -- but the Canadian was the fastest in the 50th running of the downhill in Val Gardena , Italy . He bettered Norway 's Kjetil Jansrud by 0.12 seconds and France 's Johan Clarey by 0.24 seconds to claim a fourth World Cup win . Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal , the current overall leader , and former overall champion Bode Miller of the U.S were fourth and fifth , respectively . Svindal also leads the downhill standings through three races .	Lindsey Vonn misses a gate and ca n't complete a downhill in Val d'Isere , France Vonn says she is still injured and will likely only take part in one or two races before the Olympics Marianne Kaufmann-Abderhalden won the race ahead of Tina Maze Canada 's Erik Guay wins a men 's downhill in Val Gardena , one of the classics
CNN  -- A late goal from Peter Crouch stunned seven-time European champions AC Milan as Tottenham Hotspur secured a 1-0 win in the San Siro on Tuesday night . Crouch converted after a brilliant run from fellow England international Aaron Lennon to give Tottenham a precious lead for their home tie of the Champions League last 16 knockout tie . Earlier in the second half , Tottenham goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes produced two wonder saves to keep AC Milan at bay , both from Mario Yepes . First , the Brazilian stretched to palm over a header which looked destined for the top corner and then repeated the trick from another fierce header which he pushed out . After Crouch 's 80th minute goal , Milan went in desperate search of an equalizer and Robinho 's close range effort was blocked by the excellent Michael Dawson . Deep into injury time , Milan thought they had equalized through a Zlatan Ibrahimovic overhead kick , but the Swedish striker had pushed Dawson and it was ruled out . At the final whistle there were unsavory scenes as Milan midfielder Gennaro Gatusso clashed with Tottenham assistant coach Joe Jordan , headbutting the former Scottish international . The two had earlier exchanged words after former Arsenal star Mathieu Flamini was yellow carded for an ugly two-footed challenge on Vedran Corluka which left the Tottenham defender on crutches . He was replaced by Jonathan Woodgate , making his first appearance after a lengthy injury layoff . Gatusso , who had earlier been booked , will miss the second leg but could be punished further by UEFA for the incident which was captured on television . Jubilant Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp said all his players had contributed to the famous victory . "  The whole team were magnificent , everyone did their job tonight , it was a great night for Tottenham , " he told Sky Sports . Tottenham had the better of the first half with the home side handicapped by the loss of goalkeeper Christian Abbiati , who was taken to hospital with a head injury after being stretchered off after a awkward fall . Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri replaced him with Marco Amelia and he was kept the busier of the two goalkeepers . Early in the second half , Amelia could only watch as a Rafael van der Vaart chip went narrowly side , but then Milan , sparked by the introduction of Pato , at last began to show the form which has taken them top of Serie A this season . Tuesday 's other first leg tie saw veteran Spain striker Raul return to Spain with his new German side Schalke and score a vital equalizer in the 1-1 draw against Valencia . Roberto Soldado 's sixth Champions League goal put Valencia ahead on 17 minutes in the Mestella , but 33-year-old veteran Raul , who moved to Schalke from Real Madrid in the summer , leveled on 64 minutes . Raul is the all-time leading scorer in the Champions League and the away goal is one of his most valuable ahead of the second leg in Gelsenkirchen on March 9 . Schalke 's draw was only spoiled by a late sending off for Lukas Schmitz but they held on with 10 men .	Tottenham Hotspur beat AC Milan 1-0 in the San Siro with Peter Crouch scoring Gennaro Gatusso clashes with Tottenham assistant Joe Jordan at end of Champions League tie Raul scores as Schalke draw 1-1 in Valencia in their last 16 first leg game
CNN  -- Alaskans and air travelers remained on alert Thursday due to the rumblings of a more than 8,000-foot volcano emitting a "  continuous ash , steam and gas cloud " that already extends up to 60 miles away . The Alaska Volcano Observatory noted Thursday that the Pavlof volcano "  continues to erupt , " with "  fire fountaining " at its summit 8,261 feet above sea level . A resulting cloud that extends downwind 30 to 60 miles  50 to 100 kilometers  moved southeast on Thursday morning over the Gulf of Alaska . It reaches an altitude of about 20,000 feet above sea level . "  Satellite images show persistent elevated surface temperatures at the summit and on the northwest flank , commensurate with the summit fire fountaining and resulting lava flow , " the observatory said in its Thursday update . A lava fountain , the U.S. Geological Survey explains , is "  a jet of lava sprayed into the air by the rapid formation and expansion of gas bubbles in molten rock . " It typically spews lava 10 to 100 meters up , though it sometimes goes as high as 500 meters . Remote but still connected to the Alaskan mainland , Pavlof is one of two volcanoes -- the other is named Cleveland -- that are on "  watch " status due to heightened activity . They 're also both under an orange code that relates to how their rumblings might affect planes flying over their summits . Both these alert levels are the second most serious out of four options , according to the Alaska Volcano Observatory . Less was known Thursday about Cleveland , which is on an island and not monitored with ground instruments like Pavlof . Two days ago , the observatory reported a 100-meter-wide swath of lava reaching about 1 mile down its southeastern flank . "  Cloudy conditions " have made it difficult for satellites , and thus scientists , to assess its status over the last 24 hours . Even so , the observatory continues to warn that "  sudden explosions of blocks and ash are possible with little or no warning . " Five climbers killed in Philippines after deadly volcanic ash blast A SIGMET , short for significant meteorological information , advisory from the National Weather Service remained in effect Thursday around the volcanoes . After "  eruptive activity " last year at the Cleveland volcano , University of Alaska Fairbanks scientist Steve McNutt said 90 % of air freight from Asia to Europe and North America flies over Alaska 's airspace , and hundreds of flights fly through Anchorage 's air space daily . "  We think of the Aleutian Islands as being remote and desolate , " USGS scientist John Power told CNN earlier this week , "  but when you come up to 30,000 feet , we are talking about 20 to 30,000 people there every single day . " Power described Pavlof as "  one of the most historically active volcanoes in the Northern Hemisphere . " Cleveland is also "  very active , " with its last large eruption in 2001 . Imposing central Mexican volcano spews ash skyward	Observatory : Pavlof volcano "  continues to erupt , " with "  fire fountaining " at its summit A "  continuous " cloud of ash , steam and gas extends 30 to 60 miles downwind Alerts are in effect for that volcano and another on the Aleutian range named Cleveland
CNN  -- The people you admire have heroes too . This year , we reach out to former Blue Ribbon Panel members , as well as performers and presenters who appeared at our 2007 and 2008 "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " shows , to tell us about the people and causes that inspire them . Terrence Howard : Reaching Out The actor presented a CNN Hero Award at last year 's "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " Here , he shares a personal story of the painful experience that led him to speak out about cancer prevention . His story | Get involved : 1 | 2 Jewel : Give a Drop A 2007 Blue Ribbon Panel member , the singer-songwriter founded Project Clean Water to help bring safe , clean drinking water to impoverished communities worldwide . Here , she shares her own story of personal poverty and her inspiration to help others in need . Her story | Get involved Mary J. Blige : A Second Chance The Grammy Award winner performed "  Come to Me  Peace  " at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " in 2007 . Here , she shares her personal reasons for co-creating FFAWN , dedicated to empowering women in her New York hometown . Her story | Get involved Dana Delany : A Life of Meaning Last year , the actress shared the spotlight with one of her heroes . Here , Delany explains why she got a mammogram on camera for Stand Up to Cancer and her personal connection to the cause . Her story | Get involved Sir Richard Branson : Uniting the World A member of the 2008 Blue Ribbon Panel , Branson is the founder and president of the Virgin Group . Here , he shares how his company 's nonprofit foundation , Virgin Unite , tackles social and environmental problems with an entrepreneurial approach . His story | Get involved Wyclef Jean : Yéle Haiti The Grammy Award winner performed "  Any Other Day " with Norah Jones at 2007 's "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . A native of Haiti , he founded Yéle Haiti to improve lives in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere . His story | Get involved Kristi Yamaguchi : Always Dream A 2008 Blue Ribbon Panel member , the Olympic gold medalist started the Always Dream Foundation . Named for a motto that served as her personal inspiration , it supports programs that have a positive influence on children of all abilities . Her story | Get involved Téa Leoni : A Heritage of Hope For this 2007 Blue Ribbon Panel member , volunteering for UNICEF is a 50-year family tradition ; her grandmother co-founded the U.S. Fund for UNICEF . Today , the actress is an advocate for children 's causes worldwide . Her story | Get involved Holly Robinson Peete : Our Family Mantra A member of the 2008 Blue Ribbon Panel , the actress co-founded the HollyRod Foundation , which supports people with Parkinson 's disease . Here , she shares a personal story about her father and her son . Her story | Get involved Deepak Chopra : StartFund Global A Blue Ribbon Panel member who helped select the Top 10 CNN Heroes in 2007 and 2008 , Dr. Chopra explains how the new StartFund Global initiative co-funds projects he hopes will "  create everyday heroes " around the world . His story | Get involved | Commentary John Legend : The Show Me Campaign Last year , the Grammy Award winner performed "  If You 're Out There " at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " Here , the founder of The Show Me Campaign shares the source of his inspiration to seek an end to global poverty . His story | Get involved In 2008 , CNN Heroes asked several celebrities to share the spotlight with "  everyday people " who are making a difference in causes that they support . Learn more about them here	Who do celebrities think of as their heroes ? CNN Heroes asked stars to tell us about those who inspire them This year 's celebrities includes previous CNN Heroes participants
CNN  -- Tennis is ` likely ' to change one of its anti-doping rules after Viktor Troicki received an 18-month suspension for refusing to take a drug test at a tournament earlier this year . Troicki was hit with the ban after he opted against giving a blood sample at the Monte Carlo Masters in April , citing poor health . He provided a urine sample . The Serb claims the doping control officer on site allowed him to take the blood test the day after but the International Tennis Federation  ITF  says that was n't the case . When he did take the blood test the following day , Troicki said , it came back negative . Troicki , who is taking his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport next week , said in a statement released Tuesday that good friend and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic was the first player to sign a petition demanding new rules at the "  doping control station if there are problems . " The ITF said Wednesday there would indeed probably be alterations next year to avoid any possible confusion . "  The tennis anti-doping rules are likely to be changed in 2014 to say that , where a player refuses or fails to provide a sample  as Mr. Troicki did  , the doping control officer should try to offer the player an opportunity to speak to the event supervisor or referee to confirm the player 's responsibilities under the program , " Stuart Miller , the ITF 's anti-doping manager , told CNN . When asked if the change of thinking was due to the Troicki affair , Miller added : "  I think it 's fair to say that the Troicki case highlighted the issue . "  Given this only happened in 2013 , I think it 's looking at the problem pretty quickly and trying to find a solution . " Troicki , a former world No. 12 , said other players were "  worried " in the wake of his suspension . "  The players demand that the tournament supervisor or the ATP tour manager must be called to the doping control station if there are problems , " the 27-year-old said . "  No one should leave the room without providing samples if one of them has not been called . "  The players are worried . What happened to me could have happened to them . " CNN was unable to verify if Djokovic signed any petition , although he told reporters at Montreal 's Rogers Cup in August : "  We all give  Troicki  big support because he 's definitely innocent . " Troicki said he was "  confident " ahead of his hearing in Lausanne , Switzerland on October 9 . "  I am fighting for the truth and I will do it as hard as I can , " he said . "  I have done nothing wrong , apart from following the instructions of the doping control officer . "  I really put all my hopes in the judges that will decide in Lausanne . I hope they take their time and that they really find the truth . I do n't even want to think about anything else . "	Tennis will probably change one of its anti-doping rules in 2014 following Viktor Troicki 's ban Troicki received an 18-month suspension after failing to provide a blood sample in April Troicki claims he was told he could take the test the day after but the ITF refutes that Troicki says Novak Djokovic was among those who signed a petition demanding rule changes
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Energy concerns As protests continue in Libya , Europe 's biggest oil supplier , concerns over supply are rattling the energy markets . Libya is the third biggest oil producer in Africa and has the continent 's largest proven oil reserves . This week MME takes a look at how social unrest could impact the country 's oil economy . FACETIME : Talal Al Zain , CEO , Mumtalakat Bahrain has had to cancel Formula One 's first scheduled race of the season due to ongoing protests in the country . The decision is a major blow to both Bahrain 's status and its economy . This week MME talks to the CEO of the country 's Sovereign Wealth Fund , Talal Al Zain and asked him about how current events are impacting business and investment . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745 Mondays : 0145 Follow the show on Facebook and Twitter .	Libya is the third biggest oil producer in Africa MME takes a look at how social unrest could impact the country 's oil economy CEO of Bahrain 's Sovereign Wealth Fund tells how the protests are impacting business
Boston , Massachussetts  CNN  -- Our government is utterly broke . There are signs everywhere one looks . Social Security can no longer afford to send us our annual benefit statements . The House can no longer afford its congressional pages . The Pentagon can no longer afford the pension and health care benefits of retired service members . NASA is no longer planning a manned mission to Mars . We 're broke for a reason . We 've spent six decades accumulating a huge official debt  U.S. Treasury bills and bonds  and vastly larger unofficial debts to pay for Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid benefits to today 's and tomorrow 's 100 million-plus retirees . The government 's total indebtedness -- its fiscal gap -- now stands at $ 211 trillion , by my arithmetic . The fiscal gap is the difference , measured in present value , between all projected future spending obligations -- including our huge defense expenditures and massive entitlement programs , as well as making interest and principal payments on the official debt -- and all projected future taxes . The data underlying this figure come straight from the horse 's mouth -- the Congressional Budget Office . The CBO 's June 22 Alternative Fiscal Scenario presents nothing less than a Greek tragedy . It 's actually worse than the Greek tragedy now playing in Athens . Our fiscal gap is 14 times our GDP . Greece 's fiscal gap is 12 times its GDP , according to Professor Bernd RaffelhÃ 1/4 schen of the University of Freiburg . In other words , the U.S. is in worse long-term fiscal shape than Greece . The financial sharks are circling Greece because Greece is small and defenseless , but they 'll soon be swimming our way . To grasp the magnitude of our nation 's insolvency , consider what tax hikes or spending cuts are needed to eliminate our fiscal gap . The answer is an immediate and permanent 64 % increase in all federal revenues or an immediate and permanent 40 % cut in all federal noninterest spending . Such adjustments go miles beyond anything Congress and the president are considering . No wonder . They are focused on limiting growth in the official debt , while ignoring what 's happening to the unofficial debt . To understand the thickness of their blinders , note that the fiscal gap , after inflation , grew by $ 6 trillion last year , whereas the official debt grew by only $ 1 trillion . Hence , our leaders are looking at one-sixth of the problem . The August budget ceiling crisis deal calls for $ 2.5 trillion in budgetary savings over the next ten years . President Obama is unveiling plans Monday to cut the debt by $ 3 trillion . Both of these are peanuts compared to what 's needed to start eliminating the fiscal gap . There is a way forward to deal with both our fiscal mess and the economy , which is lying on the operating table in desperate need of open-heart surgery . Such surgeries are called radical because they require radical intervention . But they are also extremely safe compared with the alternative -- administering Band-Aids and letting the patient die . At www.thepurpleplans.org , I provide five radical , but absolutely essential plans to fix taxes , health care , Social Security , the financial system , and energy policy . Collectively , they would more than eliminate the fiscal gap and get our economy out of the emergency room and onto the racetrack . The plans are called purple because they should appeal to blue Democrats and red Republicans . If neither party adopts them , I guarantee that a third-party candidate running via www.americanselect.org will . The Purple Tax Plan is of particular relevance now , given Obama 's decision to push for a repeal of the Bush tax cuts for the rich and to levy a new tax on the super rich -- those with incomes above $ 1 million . The president wants to raise taxes . Ca n't argue with that . We desperately need much higher revenues along with much lower expenditures . Federal revenues measured as share of GDP are at a postwar low . And the president wants the rich to bear a bigger share of the tax burden . It 's hard to disagree with this either . The rich have been getting off far too easy for far too long . But the Republicans want to ensure that more taxes do n't mean more spending or smaller spending cuts than would otherwise arise . They also worry about high tax rates discouraging work , saving , and job creation by entrepreneurs . Most of us agree with both the president and the Republicans , which is possible because they 're both talking past each other . But what we really want is a tax system that 's simple , transparent , fair , and efficient . Neither the personal income tax , the corporate income tax , nor the estate and gift tax meet these criteria . Each is a bigger nightmare than the next . The Purple Tax Plan entails radical surgery . It eliminates the personal income tax , the corporate income tax , and the estate and gift tax . In their place it substitutes a highly progressive 17.5 % federal retail sales tax plus a demogrant -- a monthly payment to each household , large enough that it reimburses the poor for the sales tax they 've paid .  The 17.5 % rate is the tax 's nominal rate . Its effective rate is 15 % , since 15 cents of every dollar spent goes to taxes and 85 cents to goods and services , with 15 divided by 85 equaling the 17.5 % nominal rate . If you 're a Democrat , a sales tax , apart from the demogrant , probably sounds highly regressive . But nothing could be further from the truth . Taxing consumption is mathematically identical to taxing what 's used to buy consumption , namely one 's wealth and one 's wages . Warren Buffett would effectively pay 15 % on his wages , but also 15 % on the principal of all his wealth , which is not now being taxed . The day the Purple Tax is implemented , Buffett will have the same number of dollars in wealth , but the purchasing power of his wealth will fall by 15 % , thanks to the 17.5 % higher costs of goods and services . And whether he spends his wealth on himself or gives it to his kids to spend , his wealth , plus any accumulated asset income , will buy 15 % less in goods and services . The Purple Tax also makes the payroll tax highly progressive by eliminating its ceiling and exempting the first $ 40,000 in wages from the employee portion of the tax . Finally , the Purple Tax includes a 15 % inheritance tax on inheritances and gifts received in excess of $ 1 million . Since the payroll tax is levied at close to a 15 % rate , and the sales tax has an effective rate of 15 % , and the inheritance tax rate is 15 % , the Purple Tax plan imposes a single tax rate . This is very important for budgetary discipline . Under the Purple Tax , everyone will know that if Congress spends more on anything , the 15 % effective tax rate will need to go up . The ongoing food fight between Obama and the Republicans is hiding the real game -- spending ever-larger sums on ourselves and leaving ever-larger bills for our kids . This fiscal child abuse must stop . The Purple plans would let both sides claim victory , save our kids , and get our economy back in the race . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurence J. Kotlikoff .	Laurence Kotlikoff : America 's real fiscal gap is enormous He says gap is 14 times GDP , worse than that of Greece Obama 's debt reduction plan is too small to cure problem , he says Kotlikoff : U.S. needs radical tax reform to turn around economy
CNN  -- The Continental Airlines plane that crashed in Clarence Center , New York , late Thursday is one of several major incidents over the past two months . The wreckage of a Continental Airlines 737 sits off a runway at Denver International Airport in December . • On February 12 , Continental Flight 3407 crashed en route to Buffalo , New York , killing 49 people . • On January 27 , Empire Airlines Flight 8284 crashed 300 feet short while on approach to a runway at Lubbock International Airport in Texas . The plane was arriving from Fort Worth , Texas . The aircraft was destroyed by the crash and a post-impact fire . Two crew members suffered minor injuries . • On January 15 , U.S. Airways Flight 1549 ditched in the Hudson River while en route from LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte , North Carolina . All 155 passengers survived , with few injuries . • On December 20 , 2008 , Continental Flight 1404 departed the left side of the runway during takeoff from Denver International Airport in Denver . The flight was en route to George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston , Texas . A total of 38 passengers and crew were taken to hospitals , and five were admitted . There were no fatalities . The airplane was substantially damaged and experienced a post-crash fire , which was located on the right side of the aircraft . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Thursday 's deadly plane crash in Buffalo is part of a spate of recent incidents U.S. Airways Flight 1549 landed in Hudson River on January 15 Continental Flight 1404 slides off runway during takeoff at Denver International Airport
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli officials were working on repairs at a cemetery in an Arab section of the coastal city of Jaffa Sunday after vandals covered graves with graffiti . "  I am shocked . We should not permit it . It was done by a tiny minority , but the crime is terrible , " Israeli President Shimon Peres told CNN Sunday . "  To try and violate the holiness of a cemetery is against everything that we stand for , so both in public terms and religious terms , we shall take all the measures to get hold of these criminals and put an end to it . " More than 100 graves were vandalized in the Muslim cemetery of al-Kazakhana and at a nearby Christian cemetery in the Ajami neighborhood of Jaffa , according to residents and a CNN producer who visited the locations . Words spray-painted in Hebrew on the gravestones included "  death to all Arabs , " "  death to all Russians " and "  price tag . " Graffiti also included words associated with a local football fan club . "  Price tag " is a term frequently used by radical Israeli settlers to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts , or as retribution for attacks by Palestinians . Mayor of Tel Aviv-Jaffa Ron Huldai decried the vandalism and met with leaders of the Arab community to discuss it Sunday . "  I expect the hands of those who do such crimes to be cut off , " he said . "  The public in Jaffa has always been the most mature above all the extremists . We will find the way to return to normal  relations  despite the provocations . " After authorities found the graffiti , Arab and Jewish residents of Jaffa held a small protest against racism and for coexistence Saturday night . During their demonstration , a Molotov cocktail was thrown at a synagogue elsewhere in the city . No one was injured and the building was not damaged in that incident , but police were investigating . The vandalism in Jaffa took place less than a week after the arson of a mosque in northern Israel and the painting of swastikas on the walls of a Jewish holy site in the northern West Bank . Residents say the vandalism took place Friday evening as the Yom Kippur holiday was beginning in Israel , but police suggested it might have taken place a day or two prior . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also condemned the incident Sunday and pledged to prosecute those responsible . "  We are not prepared to tolerate any act of vandalism , especially that directed against religious sensitivities , " Netanyahu said at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting . Police were still following leads and investigating the case Sunday , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . No arrests had been made . Contrary to previous reports , police said graves were spray painted but were not smashed . Police officials said they had stepped up patrols in the area and were reaching out to community leaders . But one lawmaker said Sunday that officials had not done enough to stop such attacks . "  The Israeli government is responsible , Many times something like this has happened and they did nothing , and so these people who do that are not deterred . They think they will not catch them and they will not be punished , " said Dr. Jamal Zahalka , a member of the Israeli Knesset . "  We call here now for everybody , Jewish and Arab to unite in a front against racism . The situation is deteriorating rapidly . After the mosque , the cemetery and tomorrow , actions against people . It will not stop " According to Israeli police , reprisal attacks have increased in the past year , prompting them to create a special investigative unit . In the past year , four West Bank mosques have been set ablaze . The United Nations has reported a measurable spike in violence against Palestinian property in 2011 . On Wednesday , a shrine holy to Jews was desecrated in the West Bank . Jewish worshippers arrived at Joseph 's Tomb in the city of Nablus to find swastikas and graffiti sprayed on the walls . It is unclear when the graffiti was left there . The site is under Palestinian Authority rule , and Jews visit every couple of months to pray . CNN 's Izzy Lemberg , Dan Morgan and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Israeli president : "  The crime is terrible  and  against everything that we stand for " Mayor : "  We will find a way to return to normal " More than 100 graves are vandalized in two cemeteries -- one Christian , one Muslim A Molotov cocktail is thrown at a synagogue
CNN  -- It was an odd sight in Ethiopia 's capital this week : a standing ovation for Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , the man whom Ethiopian forces had removed from power in neighboring Somalia two years ago . Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , Somalia 's new president , answers questions at the African Union summit in Addis Ababa . He once led the Islamic Courts Union , which ruled much of Somalia in 2006 before it was routed by the Ethiopians . Now , Ahmed is the leader of Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government -- and two days after his election to the post of president , he was welcomed with open arms at an African Union summit in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa . Two years after the invasion and the guerrilla war it provoked , Somalia has in some ways come full circle . Islamist militias control the country 's capital and other key cities ; the transitional government is trying to establish a foothold from outside the country ; and Ahmed -- commonly known as "  Sheikh Sharif " -- is in a position of power . But several analysts who have studied the region say the new government is in a much stronger position to establish itself inside Somalia and restore order to a country that has been mired in chaos for the past two decades . "  The ascendancy of Sheikh Sharif provides an opportunity to create an inclusive coalition governing from the center outwards , " said John Prendergast , co-chairman of the Enough Project , who studies the Horn of Africa for the Center for American Progress think tank . The transitional government is currently stranded in Djibouti , unable to return to Somalia after its base in Baidoa was seized last week by Al-Shabaab , a radical Islamist militia with ties to al Qaeda . Ahmed now stands at a crossroads between quelling the militia , which once was aligned with the ICU , and including more moderates in his future government , Prendergast said . "  The fulcrum for change is in the hands of Sheikh Sharif 's government , " he said . "  If he is able to put together an inclusive government -- even if it 's only on paper , even if it 's only in Djibouti -- I think it will quickly defuse any fervor of support for Shabaab . " See a list of Somalia 's key players " Rise of Al-Shabaab Al-Shabaab fighters took control of Baidoa hours after the remaining Ethiopian forces withdrew under a June 2008 cease-fire deal . Rashid Abdi , a Somalia analyst for the International Crisis Group , said the loss of Baidoa is "  a clear indication that the transitional federal government has lost any grip -- whatever grip it had -- in Somalia . " But Prendergast said the radical Islamist militia will most likely lose support among Somalis now that its "  rallying cry " of getting the Ethiopian forces out of Somalia is gone . "  What the Islamists did was , they wrapped themselves up in the mantle of Somali nationalism and , for the last two years , they have hitched their star to throwing the Ethiopians out , " he said . Prendergast predicted that Al-Shabaab fighters "  will sustain themselves for awhile and temporarily expand , but I do n't envision it to be a long-term prospect at all . " Last year , the United States put Al-Shabaab -- which means "  The Youth " -- on its list of terrorist groups . Analysts say Al-Shabaab models itself after the Taliban 's puritanical Islamic rule . See a timeline of recent events in Somalia " Stig Jarle Hansen , a Nairobi , Kenya-based expert on Somalia for the Norwegian Institute for Urban and Regional Research , said Al-Shabaab fighters have been trained in Afghanistan , and the group has "  clear connections " to al Qaeda . There has been evidence that the group has extended its reach into the United States , as well . The FBI is investigating what appears to be a massive recruitment effort by Al-Shabaab in the United States ' Somali communities , particularly in Minneapolis , Minnesota , where more than a dozen young men of Somali descent have gone missing in recent months . One member of Minneapolis ' Somali community , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , blew himself up in an apparent suicide bombing in northern Somalia in October . Also , hours before U.S. President Barack Obama took the oath of office in January , the FBI was warned of a possible terrorist attack by Al-Shabaab that was timed to coincide with his inauguration . Prendergast said he expects Al-Shabaab 's overseas ties to dry up now that its "  clarion call " against Ethiopian forces is no longer valid . "  Now that that fight is over , I do n't see that money continuing , and I do n't see the recruitment from Somalis like places from Minneapolis to continue successfully , " he said . And Ken Menkhaus , a Davidson College professor and former adviser to U.N. missions in Somalia in the 1990s , said the militia 's efforts to govern the territory it holds in southern Somalia has had mixed results , alienating many Somalis by imposing hardline Islamic law . Al-Shabaab now has to justify its continued presence "  on the basis of what it 's for -- and what it 's for is not very popular among Somalis , " Menkhaus said . The group is fraught with internal divisions and has already clashed with other militias over control of key neighborhoods in Mogadishu , he said . But if Al-Shabaab did manage to establish a government , there would be a "  genuine fear " that al Qaeda could try to gain a foothold there . "  It would guarantee proxy wars and conflicts between Somalis and non-Somalis that would just perpetuate this conflict , " Menkhaus said . Military intervention in Somalia ? The United States has conducted periodic airstrikes against Islamist leaders since 2006 and has long viewed Somalia as a possible haven for al Qaeda . But military intervention would not only be unpopular , it would only empower Al-Shabaab by handing it back its "  raison d'etre , " Prendergast said . "  You do n't immediately confront a group like this -- they are at their high point , " he said . "  You fight it politically and draw support slowly and patiently ... for clans and organizations in Somalia that do n't really want them there . "  Area by area , they 'll kick them out , unless they make the mistake of sending U.N. troops . " Susan Rice , the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told U.S. senators during her confirmation hearing that the situation in Somalia "  has the potential to pose a serious and direct threat to our own national security . " But she also expressed skepticism about the wisdom of sending in a U.N. peacekeeping mission to replace an existing African Union force , calling instead for more efforts by Somalia 's neighbors and the international community to promote national reconciliation . J. Anthony Holmes , director of the Africa program for the Council on Foreign Relations , said there is "  little appetite on the ground for sustained engagement " in Somalia . But because of its clan-based society , it is unlikely the country would emerge as "  a breeding ground for terrorism , " he said . Holmes said U.S. policy should focus more on longer-term issues -- such as addressing humanitarian and economic issues in the impoverished Horn of Africa country , where years of civil war and near-anarchy have left 1 million people displaced and 3 million needing food aid . The U.S. intervention in Somalia in the 1990s , in which Somali militiamen killed 18 American service members during a failed attempt to capture a Mogadishu warlord , had a chilling effect on U.S. policy toward Africa . Author and policy-maker Jared Cohen writes in his book , "  One Hundred Days of Silence : America and the Rwanda Genocide " that the "  catastrophe in Somalia was the catalyst for this unspoken decision not to intervene in places like Rwanda . " As the new Obama administration gets its Africa policy in place , Washington is in a good position to exert some leverage in Somalia , Prendergast said . Previous U.S. counterterrorism efforts worked "  at cross-purposes " with efforts to promote long-term stability and provide humanitarian aid , according to Menkhaus . He recommended that Somali leaders be given room to either marginalize or co-opt the opposition on their own . "  I personally think that they will , if left to their own devices , " Menkhaus said . "  But Somalis are never left to their own devices . " CNN 's David McKenzie and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Moderate Islamist is new leader of war-torn Somalia Moderate leader has chance to form inclusive government , analyst says Radical Islamist group still controls parts of Somalia With departure of Ethiopian troops , radical Islamists lose rallying cry
CNN  -- Not so much the Chosen One , more the Disastrous One . From the get go , David Moyes struggled in getting to grips with the task of managing Manchester United and less than a year after succeeding the legendary Alex Ferguson , the Scot has been sacked just 10 months into a six-year contract . It 's an old adage that Rome was n't built in a day -- but it did burn in seven nights . With that in mind , here are the big mistakes made by Moyes during his turbulent Old Trafford tenure with the club now left fighting all sorts of fires both off and on the pitch . Marouane Fellaini Less the elephant in the room , more the uncomfortable , luxuriously-haired disaster in the United midfield . The Belgian international followed Moyes to Manchester from Everton in September 2013 and he signaled the new manager 's first foray into the transfer market . It smacked of a toddler reaching for its comfort blanket . Fellaini 's # 27.5 million price tag always looked on the large side and it has only inflated with each of his underwhelming performances . The nadir of the 27-year-old 's debut campaign at Old Trafford arrived earlier this month , during an abject showing in a European Champions League tie against Bayern Munich . Spanish newspaper AS was so unimpressed with Fellaini 's showing in the 1-1 draw that it refused to give him a mark in the player ratings section of its match report . With a new manager likely to arrive with fresh ideas , it could be a matter of time before Fellaini follows Moyes out of the door . Local laughing stock United fans hate losing to Manchester City . And they despise defeat to Liverpool . Losing to one of those two teams is unacceptable , losing to both twice in the same season was previously unthinkable . Somehow Moyes ' team managed the unthinkable as the Scot presided over four defeats in four matches against United 's two fiercest rivals , with an aggregate score of 11-1 . Even worse , Liverpool , the club Ferguson successfully knocked off their "  f *** ing perch , " look set to win a first league title in 24 years , while United have failed to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 1995 . As for City , once referred to by Ferguson as United 's "  noisy neighbors , " the blue half of Manchester is currently 17 points ahead of the red half after also winning the League Cup final . Last season Ferguson 's team wrapped up a 20th league title for the club , finishing 11 points clear of City in second place . Under Moyes , United never looked like troubling the top of the table . So no surprise then that the joke doing the rounds on Tuesday after Moyes ' dismissal was that police had been called to Old Trafford to stop Liverpool and City fans protesting over his sacking . Tactics ? What tactics ?! Easy and straightforward to defend against . That was how Fulham , who had lost eight of their previous 11 Premier League games prior to a 2-2 draw against United in February , described the tactics employed by Moyes . After the match , United were damned by statistics . Moyes ' men flung 81 crosses into the Fulham penalty area , evidence -- his critics suggested -- that the United manager was a tactical neanderthal . After watching Ferguson 's team tear into the opposition for over two decades , fans found this "  back to basics " brand of football hard to stomach . Moyes ' reported focus on fitness and conditioning in training also backfired . Rather than looking energetic on the pitch , United too often resembled the battery-powered bunny beaten to the line by its Duracell-fueled rival . Other brands of battery are available . So are other managers . Problem players Moyes inherited a squad which had just won the Premier League title at a canter , but he struggled to get the best out of stars like Wayne Rooney . Tying Rooney down to a new five-and-a-half year deal in February , rumored to be worth an eye-watering $ 500,000 per week , was seen as something of a coup by the club . But the truth is that Rooney has rarely looked worthy of such a lavish investment . The 28-year-old may have scored 15 Premier League goals this season , but too often he has put in displays well below his dazzling best . The signing of Juan Mata from Chelsea was supposed to add flair and purpose to United 's attack , but the Spaniard has only shown flashes of his undoubted talent since arriving in January . People joked that giving Moyes the present of Mata was like giving your granddad an IPad for Christmas . Moyes ' failure to coax the best out of these players , and gifted technicians like Shinji Kagawa , further contributed to his demise . Small-club mentality "  I did n't get the chance to say yes or no , " Moyes said in July . "  As you can imagine , the blood drained from my face . I was shocked . " He might sound like someone describing death by lethal injection , but this is the tale of how the Scot became United manager . "  It was a strange situation , " he added . "  I had no idea whatsoever until Sir Alex gave me a call and asked me to come to his house . "  I was expecting him to say , ` I 'm going to take one of your players ' or something else . I went in and the first thing he said to me was , ` I 'm retiring ' . "  I said , ` When ? ' because he was never retiring , and he said , ` Next week ! ' His next words were , ` You 're the next Manchester United manager ' . " The sad truth is that Moyes never chose to be the United manager and , at times , he resembled a rabbit caught in a car 's headlights . While 11 years at Everton earned him the respect of the football fraternity , Moyes never seemed to come to terms with the scale of his new role . "  I do n't know what we have to do to win , " Moyes said after a defeat to Stoke in February . A quote which unintentionally encapsulates his troubled reign .	David Moyes is dismissed after less than a year in charge of English league titleholder The Scot was personally endorsed by outgoing manager Alex Ferguson Moyes ' United slipped to 11th league defeat against his former club Everton on Sunday United will not feature in European Champions League for first time since 1995
Jedda , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Every time I talk to a group of Syrians , I learn another layer of the complex construct that weaves Syrian society together and complicates any analysis of the conflict . Talking to Syrians in Saudi Arabia is no different . Of three Syrian National Council representatives I met who live there , two told me they shared tribal ties with Saudis . The three were actively campaigning to support the rebels back home . Guns -- big guns -- were at the top of their wish list in meetings with Saudis . Although the Syrians told me they were n't sure any were being sent , I 'd have been surprised , if they told me they were . Such issues are shrouded in secrecy . What did surprise me , however , was the two Syrians with tribal ties who told me their motivation was to support their own tribes back home . Other Syrians , too , they said -- but tribe first . The borders of Syria , Saudi Arabia , Iraq and Lebanon were drawn up in 1916 by French and British cartographers , indifferent to the realities of tribal life straddling the new lines emerging over the desert sands . Today those historic tribal ties are paying dividends for Syria 's rebels . The ancestral connections are igniting sympathies among some of the region 's richest people . Thousands of Saudis , Kuwaitis , and Qataris share tribal kinship with their Syrian cousins . Add to tribal sympathies religious conviction . Most Saudis are Sunni Muslims , the same as the Syrian majority who kicked off the uprising . It 's little wonder that when the residents of the desert kingdom dipped their hands in their pockets for the Syrians , they did n't disappoint . Close to half a billion Saudi riyals -- almost $ 150 million -- was raised by the end of Ramadan , a 30-day period of fasting and giving that ended this weekend . Most of it was given during a five-day telethon , much of the rest deposited in an account in a Saudi bank . The three Syrians I met told me they do n't know what the money will be spent on , but they do know they wo n't get their hands on it . In the post-9 / 11 era , Saudis have cracked down on fund-raising to the point that all cash coming in for Syria is tightly controlled by the Saudi Interior Ministry . It 's an attempt to prevent extremist groups like al Qaeda from benefiting from Saudi largesse . But that , according to the Syrian trio , may be hard to enforce . SNC member Mohammed Alterkawi , who also represents the high council of the Free Syrian Army , explains : "  The feeling now inside Syria is that those extremists -- they are coming here to help us , OK . And this feeling -- it make this extremist my friend , OK . So it 's not enemy now , it 's my friend . " Put simply , whoever gets the aid , be it guns , grain or bandages , will use it as they see fit . And if helping their new extremist friends is what it takes to win the fight in the absence of international support , that 's what they 'll do . And that 's why these Saudi-based Syrians are doing their best to make their aid networks transparent . One Syrian dentist I met , Mohammad Yasser Tabbaa , told me he 'd been to Turkey to learn how to set up a charity . He and his friends put together the Syrian Expat Medical Association , setting it up with a bank account in Paris . He ca n't take money from Saudis , but he can work with official registered charity collection organizations . "  So whomever comes to us , we refer them to those organizations , those relief groups , and they help us , " he explained . How they help is quite simple.Tabbaa and his colleagues visit medical suppliers and nail the best deal for the goods . Then "  we present those projects to the local or governmental organization , " and the Saudi government group buys the goods , delivering them to activists in Turkey , he said . By operating within Saudi law today , Tabbaa hopes his medical charity can keep on giving when the time comes to rebuild Syria . He says the group is going to great lengths to make sure it gets what it pays for . "  We ask for video tapes , for pictures , for some kind of documentation . " But he says once supplies cross the border , it 's hard to maintain transparency . "  We care more about our activists than our money . I 'm not willing to lose any activists on the ground , but I am willing to lose a little money . " Money is n't all the Saudis seem prepared to give . Tribal and religious ties , Tabbaa says , may inspire some to pay the ultimate price . What activists in Syria are asking for now is not medical supplies , but doctors , he says . "  I tell the young men who volunteer , ` Are you ready not to come back ? ' It 's a life or death decision . " Even so , he says he 's been told Saudi Arabia will soon start sending medics . He 's still waiting to see them show up . But he does n't doubt the bonds that shape young men 's minds here are strong enough to overcome their fears .	Syrians ' tribal ties with Saudis are fueling aid to Syrian rebels Saudi government keeps tight rein on aid to Syrian groups , trying to keep it from extremists Saudi-based Syrians set up charities carefully to stay within the rules But one says once aid gets to Syria , it 's out of their control
CNN  -- Canadian researchers say they have discovered the smallest known North American dinosaur , a carnivore that roamed areas of the continent 75 million years ago and weighed less than most modern-day house cats . Researchers say Hesperonychus , whose name means "  western claw , " was about 1.6 feet tall . Hesperonychus elizabethae , a 4.4-pound  2-kilogram  creature with razor-like claws , ran through the swamps and forests of southeastern Alberta , Canada , during the late Cretaceous period , the researchers said . The diminutive dinosaur likely hunted insects , small mammals and other prey , perhaps even baby dinosaurs , said Nick Longrich , a paleontology research associate in the University of Calgary 's Department of Biological Sciences . "  It 's basically a predator of small things , " Longrich said . Longrich co-wrote a paper on the dinosaur with University of Alberta paleontologist Philip Currie . The paper appeared in Monday 's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The researchers said the clawed dinosaur was slight , ran on two legs and had dagger-like teeth . It had an enlarged sickle-shaped claw on its second toe , the researchers said . Although fossilized remains of Hesperonychus were collected in 1982 , they remained unstudied until Longrich came across them in the University of Alberta 's collection in 2007 , the university said . Because of their size , some of the fossilized parts had been thought to be from juveniles . Longrich said he suspected the claws had come from another , smaller adult species , but said finding a fossilized pelvis in which the hip bones were fused -- which happens only once an animal is fully grown -- convinced him . "  The claws were kind of a bread-crumb trail that we followed along , " until finding the well-preserved pelvis , Longrich said . Longrich and Currie determined that Hesperonychus , whose name means "  western claw , " stood about 1.6 feet  50 centimeters  high . Albertonykus borealis , a 2.5-foot-long insectivore , had been previously thought to be the smallest North American dinosaur . Longrich came across the dinosaur 's bones in storage at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller and decided to analyze them , Canadian Broadcasting Company reported in September . A dinosaur smaller than Hesperonychus has been found in China , Longrich said . He said he found searching through museums ' storage more productive in the short term than working in the field . "  People collect stuff so much more quickly than they can process , " he said . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Hesperonychus elizabethae , a 4.4-pound carnivore , lived 75 million years ago Remains discovered in ' 82 ; scientist began studying them in 2007 Canadian researchers say it ran through swamps and forests in Alberta
CNN  -- Nigeria 's government is facing rising religious violence in the north , a long-simmering separatist movement in the oil-rich south and now a nationwide strike fueled by widespread anger over the end of fuel subsidies seen by many as one of the few benefits of living in the largely impoverished state . The issues , all intertwined in Nigeria 's complicated web of political , ethnic and religious relationships and rivalries , add up to a difficult challenge for the government of President Goodluck Jonathan , who just a few days ago promised a renewed focus on economic , fiscal and education reforms in 2012 . "  Jonathan is a president under fire . His actions over the last week are that of a desperate president , " Nigerian political journalist Terfa Tilley-Gyado said . Particularly curious , Nigeria analyst John Campbell said , is why Jonathan would choose now to resurrect the Nigerian government 's repeated efforts to scuttle the fuel subsidy , which is highly popular with the country 's 155 million residents -- many of whom live on less than $ 2 a day . "  One would have thought that in an area of heightened religious conflict that the last thing you would want to do is provoke a general strike , " said Campbell , a senior fellow for Africa Policy Studies with the Council on Foreign Relations . Read more about what is behind Nigeria 's fuel protests Whatever its reasons , finding a way out will be a trick for the government , he said . If the government backs down and restores the subsidy , it may appear weak to northern militants and southern separatists , Campbell said . If it tries to wait out a strike in hopes that the protests will disintegrate , it risks a crippling disruption in the flow of oil , which provides 95 percent of Nigeria 's foreign exchange and 80 percent of its government 's budget . Read more about Nigerian protests over the end of the fuel subsidy "  The government finds itself , I think , in an extraordinarily difficult situation , " Campbell said . Until the New Year 's Day announcement by Jonathan 's government that the country would end fuel subsidies that held down the cost of gasoline for Nigeria 's 155 million residents , perhaps the largest immediate crisis facing the administration was the religious violence in the north . More than 30 Christians died in violence last week in Adamawa , prompting a 24-hour curfew in that northwestern Nigerian state to guard against Christian reprisals , a government chaplain said Saturday . Boko Haram , a shadowy militant Islamic group that is said to favor strict Sharia law , is frequently blamed for the sectarian violence . The attacks came several days after the government declared a state of emergency in several areas as Jonathan pledged to continue fighting to quell the violence . "  While we have made progress and overcame most of the challenges on many fields , there have been those amongst us who want to impose their will on the majority of us . " he said in a New Year 's message . "  This government will lead Nigeria and Nigerians to resist such imposition . " But Jonathan , who took over as president two years ago after the previous president left the country to be treated for a heart problem , has not earned high marks for his handling of the issue , Tilley-Gyado said . Jonathan 's recent revelation that Boko Haram sympathizers may have infiltrated the government is particularly vexing , he said . "  Nigerians find it outrageous to hear him say about his government , which he had a major part in putting together , that there are Boko Haram sympathizers within it , " Tilley-Gyado said . "  People would like to know who they are and what efforts are being made to prosecute them . " Jonathan has done better at managing the fallout from sporadic attacks on oil facilities in the Niger Delta region , Tilley-Gyado said . A group called the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , has claimed responsibility for some of those acts out of frustration with how the country 's oil wealth is distributed . Searing anger as Nigerians protests fuel price rise Nigeria is the world 's 10th largest oil producer , according to the CIA . But little of the money oil brings in comes back to residents of the Delta region , Campbell noted . And government plans to embark on a building program in the Muslim-dominated north , along with threats of reprisals against Muslims over the killing of Christians , threaten to inflame tensions in the south and reopen wounds from the country 's civil war in the late 1960s , Campbell said . That conflict left as many as 3 million people dead . Such concerns prompted prominent Nigerian authors , including the 1986 Nobel Prize winning playwright Wole Soyinka , to issue a statement urging calm . "  The fears we have all secretly nursed are coming to realisation . " said Soyinka , novelist Chinua Achebe and poet and playwright J.P. Clark . "  Rumblings and veiled threats have given way to eruption , and the first cracks in the wall of patience and forbearance can no longer be wished away . Boko Haram is very likely celebrating its first tactical victory : provoking retaliation in some parts of the nation . " Against the backdrop of these issues , along with Nigeria 's staggering poverty and critical infrastructure issues , Jonathan announced last week that the government was ending a fuel subsidy , saving nearly $ 7 billion a year , according to the government . The money is being redirected to a wide-ranging infrastructure construction program , additional social spending and economic initiatives , the government said . But those plans did n't salve the pain for many Nigerians , who responded explosively to the proposal , which is the latest in a series of failed efforts dating back decades by the Nigerian government to eliminate the popular subsidy . "  We still do n't have light , " travel and tourism business owner Shade Ladipo told CNN last week . "  The roads are terrible . It was already hard to live in Nigeria . This will make life even worse . " Protests quickly morphed into a call for a general strike by trade unions , which have not enjoyed particularly strong support in Nigeria despite low wages and poor working conditions , Campbell said . Those strikes succeeded in shutting down wide swaths of the country , according to union and media accounts . In some places , police clashed with protesters . Much of the anger has to do with a sense that Nigerian elites are not sharing in the sacrifice Jonathan says is necessary to move Nigeria forward , Tilley-Gyado said . In fact , protesters have adopted the "  Occupy " moniker that has characterized protests against what protesters consider to be greed on the part of corporations and the very rich . "  With the fuel subsidy , he has put the cart before the horse and has not assured Nigerians that the austerity measures that have been imposed on them are being shared by the those who rule the country , " he said . "  The sheer cost of running the government is draining Nigeria 's fortunes . " In a January 7 speech , Jonathan said elimination of the subsidy was a tough but necessary choice for the country 's economic future . "  I am determined to leave behind a better Nigeria , that we all can be proud of . To do so , I must make sure that we have the resources and the means to grow our economy to be resilient , and to sustain improved livelihood for our people . We must act in the public interest , no matter how tough , for the pains of today can not be compared to the benefits of tomorrow , " he said , according to a transcript posted to his Facebook page . Campbell said he was still mystified at the decision to suddenly resurrect an issue that has dogged the Nigerian government for decades . "  But whenever you 're dealing with Nigeria , there 's a lot you do n't know , " he said . Labor leaders vow to keep up the pressure on the government indefinitely , saying in a statement on the National Labour Congress website that "  the will of the Nigerian people must prevail over that of any government in power . Michael Pearson reported from Atlanta ; Stephanie Busari reported from London .	Nigeria 's president is under fire for his government 's elimination of a popular fuel subsidy Nigerians also question his handling of issues like religious violence , a journalist says Goodluck Jonathan says ending the subsidy is critical for Nigeria 's future
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Prosecutors trying to prove that Oscar Pistorius murdered his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp appeared to have won a round on Tuesday morning , but it was the defense team that was smiling by the end of the day . Tuesday 's testimony began with the expert who conducted the autopsy on Steenkamp , Gert Saayman . He backed two key points of the state 's case . He estimated that Steenkamp had eaten about two hours before she died , which contradicts Pistorius ' version of events , and he said that the victim would have been able to scream after the first two bullets hit her , as the prosecution argues . "  I think it would be somewhat abnormal if one did not scream when sustaining a wound of this nature , " Saayman testified of the "  particularly devastating " injury to Steenkamp 's right arm . A day earlier he described in graphic detail the damage that Pistorius ' bullets did to Steenkamp 's body , leaving the defendant vomiting , dry heaving , weeping and clutching his head in his hands . Pistorius , 27 , was calm in court on Tuesday . He pleaded not guilty to murder , although he admits killing his 29-year-old girlfriend by shooting her through a locked bathroom door . He mistook her for a burglar in his house in the middle of the night , he maintains , saying he made a tragic but understandable mistake . The prosecution is trying to build a circumstantial case that Pistorius is trigger-happy and that the couple argued before he killed her . Pistorius is also charged in connection with two other alleged incidents of guns going off in his hands , unrelated to the killing of Steenkamp . Pistorius ' friend Darren Fresco , who was present for both incidents , was on the stand for the state most of the day on Tuesday . A furious Pistorius fired a gun from a car sunroof after a police officer handled his weapon during a traffic stop , Fresco testified . Fresco was driving the car in late 2012 when police pulled him over for speeding . "  The  officer had picked up the accused 's weapon , to which the accused said ` You ca n't just touch another man 's gun , ' " Fresco said . "  He was furious about it , that someone else had touched his gun , " Fresco said . Pistorius later that day fired through the sunroof "  out of the blue ... no warning , " he said . On Friday , Pistorius ' ex-girlfriend Samantha Taylor testified about the sunroof shooting incident , saying the two men laughed and joked about shooting a "  robot , " a traffic light , before the gunfire . Fresco denied he had been joking with Pistorius before the gun went off . Restaurant gunshot Fresco also testified about an incident at Tashas Restaurant , where Pistorius is accused of asking him to take the blame after he discharged Fresco 's pistol under the table one month before Steenkamp 's death . Fresco told defense lawyer Barry Roux that his written witness statement was prepared with a lawyer 's help "  to make sure I was n't going to put myself into any kind of trouble , " but he insisted it was the truth . Judge Thokozile Masipa told Fresco he would be immune from prosecution for self-incriminating testimony if he tells the truth . At times Tuesday Fresco seemed evasive , insisting he did not remember what happened after dinner on the night of the sunroof incident , despite having described the day in detail up to that point . At other times he got testy with the acerbic Roux 's cross-examination , saying he did not have a ruler with him when Roux asked how close he and Pistorius were when the gun changed hands at Tashas . And there were sharp intakes of breath in court toward the end of the day when Fresco let slip that he had been following some of the trial on Twitter . Fresco had volunteered on the stand that he was not wearing "  tracksuit bottoms " at Tashas because it was summer . Roux pounced , asking who had said anything about tracksuit bottoms . "  People have said to me , ` Your name 's been mentioned ; your name 's been mentioned ; your name 's been mentioned , " Fresco said . "  I wanted to find out what was said . " Witnesses are not supposed to listen to the testimony of other witnesses in order to keep their testimony from being tainted . Gun at his bedside The case against Pistorius is largely circumstantial , prosecutor Gerrie Nel conceded in his opening statement last week . Pistorius and Steenkamp were the only people in his house when he killed her in the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 . Nel has been building a picture of what happened through the testimony of neighbors who heard screaming and bangs that night , current and former friends of the South African track star , and a security guard who sped to the scene because of reports of gunshots . Defense lawyer Roux has gone after holes , doubts , discrepancies and inconsistencies in prosecution witness stories . He is trying to sow reasonable doubt that their memories of events are correct . Many prosecution witnesses ' stories are consistent with Pistorius ' version of events , that he got up in the night , went out to his balcony to get a fan , came back inside , and heard noises in the bathroom that he thought to be an intruder . He said he took the gun and fired while calling for Steenkamp to call the police . When she did n't answer he realized it could have been her in the bathroom , he said . Taylor , his former girlfriend , testified Friday that he reacted similarly once when she was sleeping at his house . She said Pistorius , the first double-amputee to run in the Olympic Games , once heard something hit a bathroom window and woke her up to ask if she 'd heard it , too , before taking his gun and going to investigate . Taylor said Pistorius woke her up other times when he thought he 'd heard a noise . Taylor also testified that Pistorius slept with a pistol on his bedside table or on the floor beside his prosthetic legs , and he once became so angry after a traffic stop that he shot a gun through the sunroof of a car . Prosecutors appear to have been trying to demonstrate that Pistorius and Steenkamp had a loud argument before the shooting , suggesting it 's the reason he killed her . Neighbors said they heard a woman screaming before the shots were fired . But the defense is proposing that what neighbors thought was Steenkamp screaming in fear for her life was in fact Pistorius when he realized what he had done . Pistorius and at least two neighbors made phone calls to security after the shooting , allowing the defense to use phone records to establish a timeline of events . Masipa will decide Pistorius ' verdict . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . The trial is expected to take at least three weeks . INTERACTIVE : Oscar Pistorius on trial : Explore each side 's case CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from Pretoria , Marie-Louise Gumuchian wrote from London . CNN 's Ed Payne and Emily Smith also contributed to this report .	Pistorius became furious after police officer handled his gun , court hears " ` You ca n't just touch another man 's gun , ' " witness quotes athlete as saying Pathologist back on stand , under cross-examination Defense questions pathologist 's finding that Steenkamp ate less than two hours before she died
CNN  -- An intimate black-and-white photograph of Princess Diana as a teenager sold Friday for $ 18,396 , a New Hampshire auction company said . The photograph -- which may never before have been seen by the public , RR Auction says -- offers a glimpse of the future wife of Prince Charles lying down , perhaps on a bed , wearing a light sweater or top . Only her head and arms can be seen . Behind her a young man leans against the wall , reading , his book resting on her shoulder . The future princess looks relaxed , half smiling at the camera . A bottle of whiskey can be seen on the windowsill . Another man is half seen in the foreground , but there is no clue as to who he or Diana 's other companion might be . Large , black wording across the top of the photograph states "  Not to be published , " and there are two dark lines under the words and above Diana 's head . A lighter circle encompasses the words , Diana and the man reading the book . The only indication of date is a stamp on the back of the print saying 26 February 1981 , two days after the engagement of Diana , then 19 , and Prince Charles was announced by Buckingham Palace . They married in July of that year . The photograph likely was taken a year or two earlier . CNN 's Joseph Netto and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	An intimate black-and-white photograph of Princess Diana had likely never been public before "  Not to be published " is written across the photo Behind her is a young man resting his book on her shoulder
CNN  -- The Dalai Lama announced Thursday his plan to retire as political head of the Tibetan exile movement , according to his website . "  Tibetans need a leader , elected freely by the Tibetan people , to whom I can devolve power , " the exiled spiritual leader said in a statement . "  Now , we have clearly reached the time to put this into effect . " The Dalai Lama remains the head of state for now , according to Tempa Tshering , his representative in India , and will remain the group 's spiritual leader . What the Dalai Lama 's ` retirement ' means "  On March 14 ,  the  parliament will meet in Dharamsala  India  and decide whether to approve his request , " Tshering said . "  He wants to make a change . He has always believed in democracy and he was n't elected as head of state . " If the changes are made , leadership of the group would be passed onto an elected leader . "  Since I made my intention clear , I have received repeated and earnest requests both from within Tibet and outside , to continue to provide political leadership , " the DalaiLama said in his statement . "  My desire to devolve authority has nothing to do with a wish to shirk responsibility . It is to benefit Tibetans in the long run . "  It is not because I feel disheartened . Tibetans have placed such faith and trust in me that as one among them I am committed to playing my part in the just cause of Tibet , " he said . "  I trust that gradually people will come to understand my intention , will support my decision and accordingly let it take effect . " The Chinese Foreign Ministry panned the announcement , calling the Dalai Lama a "  religious crook , " who is trying to splinter China . "  He is the mastermind of political activism , " said Jiang Yu , ministry spokeswoman . "  He has said many times he is leaving but this seems to be one of his tricks to deceive the international community . " In Nepal , 11 people were arrested Thursday for displaying "  Free Tibet " banners and shouting anti-Chinese slogans , police said . Some of the arrests took place near the Buddhist monastery of Boudhanath in the capital , Kathmandu , on the anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising against Chinese rule . The Dalai Lama fled China 52 years ago on March 10 , 1959 , after the failed uprising . The exile group is headquartered in Dharamsala in northern India . The Dalai Lama told CNN in October that he would like to retire at some point . "  I 'm also a human being . ... Retirement is also my right , " he said while on a speaking tour of North America . Without saying exactly when , he said , "  Sooner or later , I have to go . I 'm over 75 , so next 10 years , next 20 years , one day I will go . " CNN 's Ben Brumfeld and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : Eleven people are arrested in Nepal for displaying "  Free Tibet " banners China calls the Dalai Lama a "  religious crook " He says he will "  continue to provide political leadership , " but not as an elected leader The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule
CNN  -- A Florida mother has been arrested for her alleged part in attempting to sell her 8-week-old son , police said Tuesday . Stephanie Bigbee Fleming , 22 , is the third person charged in the case . Her mother , Patty Bigbee , 45 , and her mother 's boyfriend , Lawrence Works , 42 , were arrested and charged last week . Fleming was already incarcerated on unrelated charges . Bigbee is accused of having approached a potential buyer in late October , offering to sell the infant for $ 75,000 , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement  FDLE  said in a statement . The would-be buyer then contacted authorities . Together , they negotiated the price of the baby down to $ 30,000 and agreed to meet , the statement said . Bigbee and her boyfriend arranged the sale for last Friday , at which point officers swept in . "  They were in contact , " said FDLE spokesman Keith Kameg about the mother and daughter . "  And according to our investigation , they discussed the sale of the child . The birth mother was told by her mother that the sale price was $ 10,000 . " Police say Fleming had agreed to receive $ 9,000 from the sale and that she planned to buy a new vehicle with the money . The infant is currently in the custody of the Florida Department of Children and Families . Fleming 's bond was set at $ 50,000 , while Bigbee 's was put at $ 100,000 . Works is being held on a $ 50,000 bond .	Stephanie Bigbee Fleming , 22 , was already incarcerated on unrelated charges She conspired with her mother to sell the infant , police say The baby remains in the custody of the Florida Department of Children and Families
CNN  -- For 13-year-old Brandon Marti , the intranasal vaccine felt "  good , " "  cold " and "  watery " at the Children 's Hospital at Montefiore in the Bronx , New York , on Tuesday . Brandon Marti , 13 , receives a dose of the intranasal vaccine for the novel H1N1 flu Tuesday . Marti , among the first to get vaccinated against the novel H1N1 influenza virus this week , said he would tell his friends and classmates that "  the swine flu vaccine is good , and protects me from getting the swine flu . " New York has received a shipment of 68,000 doses of the FluMist variety vaccine . This form was made available before the injectable kind because it was ready first , said Thomas Skinner , spokesperson for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . As states across the country receive and distribute the vaccine , questions still linger about who should get it and why . Here are some guidelines : Where is the vaccine ? The campaign to inoculate millions of Americans against H1N1 flu began Monday . Every state is developing a vaccine delivery plan , according to the CDC . How much do you know about H1N1 ? Take our quiz . " All states in the United States have ordered vaccine , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC , at a briefing Tuesday . Each Friday , the CDC will provide information about how much vaccine is available to states and how much has been ordered . So far , about 2.2 million doses out of the available 2.4 million have been ordered , he said . Learn more from your state . The vaccine is being made available as soon as it comes off the production line , Frieden said . This week the intranasal mist variety , called FluMist , became available , and next week the injectable form will made available , he said . iReport.com : Are you getting the H1N1 vaccine ? Frieden acknowledged that these first few weeks will be "  bumpy " in terms of distributing the vaccine , and that demand is currently greater than supply . However , he expects that supply will soon outstrip demand . "  It will take some time to get the whole system , from the manufacturer through the distributor to the providers and to people who want to get vaccinated , up and running , " he said . Who should get it ? The CDC recommends that specific groups of people get vaccinated first , but there are no rankings within the priority groups , Frieden said . The nasal spray version of the vaccine should be used only in people 2 to 49 and who do not have an underlying health problem , Frieden said . The priority groups for it include health care workers , children and people who care for infants , he said . Pregnant women should not have the FluMist version because it contains the live virus . Kathleen Sebelius and CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss H1N1 vaccine " Ashley Marti , 9 , sister of Brandon , also got her H1N1 vaccination Tuesday . Health care and emergency medical services personnel should be in the priority group because vulnerable patients could potentially contract the flu from them , the CDC said . Already , infections among health care workers have been reported , and the health care system capacity could become significantly lowered if large numbers of these workers are absent , the CDC said . Once the injectable shot becomes available , all priority groups should be vaccinated , the CDC said . These include pregnant women , because they are at higher risk of complications and may be able to provide protection to unvaccinated infants . People from 6 months to 24 years old should also receive the vaccine , and people from 25 to 64 should get it they have a chronic health disorder or a compromised immune system , the CDC said . According to a CNN/Opinion Corp. poll in late August , two-thirds of Americans said they plan to be vaccinated against H1N1 flu . Does anyone have to get it ? There are no formal penalties for those who do not get the vaccine , but people in the military are required to receive it , according to the American Forces Press Service . The state government of New York has said that health care workers must get the vaccine , although no law outlines penalties for noncompliance . Still , some workers fear they 'll lose their jobs if they do n't get vaccinated . How many doses do you need ? For people 10 and older , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the use of one dose of the vaccine . For children 9 and younger , two doses may be required , Frieden said . The CDC recommends that three to four weeks pass between the first and second dose . What if the virus mutates ? Nathan Stein , 7 , participated in a clinical trial for the H1N1 vaccine over the summer . The virus has not changed much since the spring , Frieden said . In fact , the part of the virus that determines whether it 's very deadly is different from the part that determines whether the vaccine will fight against it , he said , meaning that vaccination will still most likely offer protection even if the H1N1 flu becomes more deadly . Why should you get it ? Frieden said the flu can range from mild to severe . It can make a person sick for one , two or three days , leading to absence from school or work , and some people may even need hospitalization . "  Tragically , some people may die from it , " he said . Still , it is not a disease that sends a lot of people to the hospital , he said . The vaccine is also safe , Frieden said . The novel flu vaccine is made in the same production facilities by the same companies with the same methods as the seasonal flu vaccine , and it is the same kind of vaccine that has been given each year , he said . His own children will get it , as will the families of other public health experts , he said . Some people are concerned that it is too late to get vaccinated against the novel virus , but Frieden also dismissed this . "  It 's too soon to say it 's too late because we do n't know what the rest of the season will bring , " he said . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	CDC : About 2.2 million doses out of the available 2.4 million have been ordered Intranasal spray version of vaccine should be given to people 2 to 49 Pregnant women and children younger than 2 should not get the FluMist version iReport.com : Are you getting the H1N1 vaccine ?
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Three mortar rounds struck harmlessly inside Baghdad 's Green Zone on Sunday night during a weekend visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , U.S. and Iraqi officials said . No damage or injuries were reported from the bombardment , which occurred about 10:30 p.m. Sunday  3:30 p.m. ET  . The district , formally known as the International Zone , houses Iraqi government offices and the U.S. Embassy . But there were no injuries or damage reported from the shelling , Iraqi Interior Ministry and U.S. officials told CNN . The district was a frequent target of rocket and mortar attacks during the worst of the war that followed the U.S. invasion in 2003 . A similar attack struck during a Biden visit in September . Biden landed in Iraq on Saturday to celebrate the U.S. Independence Day holiday with American troops , the White House said . He also met with Iraqi political leaders , including Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , and with former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , whose political coalition narrowly won an election in March . Iraqi political factions are still negotiating who will lead the new government following that vote . Biden told them after their meeting that "  you must have all voices represented in this government for it to be successful , " and noted later that a country 's second election -- not its first -- is "  the most important election in a country 's history . " "  Now there 's a new parliament that 's been seated , and when the new government is formed , it will mark something absolutely extraordinary -- a peaceful transition of power encompassing all the people of Iraq , maybe for the first time in their history , " Biden said during remarks Sunday at Camp Victory , the U.S. base near Baghdad 's airport . And Biden said the withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Iraq will continue as scheduled , with the pullout expected to be complete by the end of August . But he said 50,000 Americans will remain to train and support Iraqi forces , and the United States will remain engaged with Iraq "  diplomatically , politically , economically , culturally  and  scientifically . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	No injuries or damage reported after attack A similar attack hit during a 2009 visit by Vice President Joe Biden The American vice president met with Iraqi leaders U.S. withdrawal remains on schedule , Biden says
The questions are many . But the first has to be , how in the world did a 16-year-old boy survive a five-hour flight in below freezing cold weather at oxygen-depleted heights without dying or falling out of the wheel well of a huge jumbo jet ? Another has to be , how does a 16-year-old even sneak on to an airport and a plane to begin with ? Authorities likely were trying to find the answers to some of their questions Monday . The boy remained in the custody of child welfare services workers in Hawaii . But the FBI says they have no more need to interview the boy as he is no threat . Apparently he 's just a runaway who popped out of the wheel well of Hawaii Airlines Flight 45 on Sunday to the amazement of the ground crew at the Kahului Airport on the island of Maui -- and triggering a host of questions . How did he survive the flight ? As unlikely as it sounds , officials believe the boy rode in a tiny , cramped compartment for almost five hours , at altitudes that reached 38,000 feet , without oxygen and in subzero temperatures . "  It sounds really incredible , " said aviation expert Jeff Wise . "  Being in a wheel well is like all of a sudden being on top of Mount Everest . " Between the oxygen depletion and the cold , life expectancy "  is measured in minutes , " Wise said . But some people have survived . Since 1947 , 105 people are known to have attempted to fly inside wheel wells on 94 flights worldwide , the Federal Aviation Administration 's Civil Aerospace Medical Institute says . Of those , 25 made it through , including a 9-year-old child -- a survival rate of 24 % . One of the flights went as high as 39,000 feet . Two others were at 38,000 feet . The conditions at high altitudes can put stowaways in a virtual "  hibernative " state , the FAA said . Someone could slip into unconsciousness so that the body cools and "  the central nervous system is preserved , " said CNN aviation expert Michael Kay . Also , he said , "  there could be a situation where inside the bay is warmer than the external air temperature and you would n't get the instantaneous freezing of the skin . " Still , "  for somebody to survive multiple hours with that lack of oxygen and that cold is just miraculous , " airline analyst Peter Forman told CNN affiliate KHON in Honolulu . The boy 's survival is "  dumb luck mostly , " says Dr. Kenneth Stahl , trauma surgeon at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital . The temperature outside the airplane could have been as low as 75 or 80 degrees below zero , said Stahl , who is also a pilot . "  Those are astronomically low temperatures to survive . " The boy was likely so cold that "  he was essentially in a state of suspended animation , " Stahl said . Being young likely worked in his favor , too . "  No adult would have survived that , " Stahl added . The boy could face permanent brain damage from the experience , in fact , it 's "  more likely than not , " Stahl said . He could face neurological issues , memory problems or a lower IQ . When the ground crew at Kahului Airport noticed the boy , he was wandering the tarmac , dazed and confused . The teen also could have frostbite or a kidney injury because when the body freezes , particles of muscle enter the blood stream and damage the kidneys , Stahl said . Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security How did he get there ? The 16-year-old apparently hitched a ride from San Jose , California , to Maui in the landing-gear wheel well of a Boeing 767 , Hawaiian Airlines said . The boy told authorities he was from Santa Clara , California , and ran away from home Sunday morning , said FBI Special Agent Tom Simon . He did n't have an ID and was carrying only a comb . He hopped an airport fence , ran to the plane and climbed on , the FBI said . "  It appears that this teenager scaled a section of our perimeter , " Mineta San Jose International Airport spokeswoman Rosemary Barnes told CNN . The boy "  was able to proceed onto our ramp under cover of darkness and enter the wheel well of an aircraft . " Officials for the city of San Jose , which operates the airport , are not planning any legal action , Barnes said Monday . Once they were confident that the teen did not present a threat , the FBI dropped out of the investigation . The boy is in the custody of child welfare services workers in Hawaii , said Kayla Rosenfeld , a spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Human Services . She said Monday afternoon that officials have notified the boy 's family that he is safe . How did no one notice him ? Surveillance camera footage shows the boy hopping the fence at the San Jose airport , the FBI said . There 's also camera footage of him walking across the ramp in San Jose toward the Hawaiian aircraft , the airport said . Video "  is under review by federal and local law enforcement officials here , " Barnes said . "  And we 'll continue to review that to determine where , in fact , the teenager was able to scale the fence line . " The boy told investigators he crawled into the wheel well of the plane and lost consciousness when the plane took off . An hour after the plane landed at Kahului Airport , the boy regained consciousness and emerged to a "  dumbfounded " ground crew , the FBI 's Simon said . The Maui airport has video of him crawling out of the left main gear area . "  It makes no sense to me , " Simon said . Mavin Moniz , the Maui District airport manager , added that a worker saw the boy come out of the wheel well and walk toward the front of the aircraft . "  Clearly there 's a big security breach here , which in the post 9/11 world order is a concern , " said Kay . To get past all sorts of people apparently unnoticed is "  a physical feat , " he said . 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically How did he not get crushed or fall ? It 's not hard at all " to climb inside the wheel well , said Jose Wolfman Guillen , a ground operations coordinator at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . "  You can grab onto the struts and landing gear assembly kind of like a ladder , and you just jump on the tire and climb into the wheel well . " Inside , there 's not much room -- even less than in the trunk of a car , Guillen said . A stowaway would need to guess "  where the tire is going to fold in when it closes after takeoff . There 's a high risk of getting crushed once the gear starts going in . " During the flight , "  the interior guts of the aircraft , they 're pretty exposed inside the wheel well , so there 's a lot of stuff you can hold on to , " Guillen adds . "  It 's just a matter of holding on to it for the duration of the flight and maintaining your grip when the gear opens up and not falling out . If you fell out , you could get horribly mangled or dragged on the runway . " In February , crews at Dulles International Airport in suburban Washington found the body of a man inside the landing-gear wheel well of an Airbus A340 operated by South African Airways . In 2010 , a 16-year-old boy died after he fell out of the wheel well of a US Airways flight that was landing at Boston 's Logan International Airport . The most recent known case of someone surviving was on a short domestic flight in Nigeria . A 15-year-old boy snuck into the wheel well of a flight from Benin City to Lagos -- thinking it was a flight to the United States , according to an FAA report . The ride lasted only 35 minutes , and the plane likely went no higher than 25,000 feet . The FAA and Transportation Security Administration have studied stowaway incidents to augment security . Many incidents involve people desperately trying to escape their countries . "  No system is 100 % , " said San Jose airport spokeswoman Barnes . Boy , 11 , hops plane to Rome without ticket or passport Boy sneaks onto Vegas flight by himself	Teen apparently traveled from California to Hawaii in plane 's landing gear FAA says 105 stowaways have made similar attempts since 1947 ; 25 survived The situation indicates a "  big security breach , " aviation expert says Boy is with child welfare services , official says ; San Jose plans no legal action
Istanbul  CNN  -- An earthquake that rattled western Turkey killed at least two people and injured dozens more , hospital and government officials said on Friday . The 5.8 magnitude quake , recorded late Thursday , occurred more than 200 miles west-southwest of the capital of Ankara , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Turkey 's Kandilli Earthquake Observatory said the epicenter was the town of Simav in Kutahya province , where aftershocks rippled across the region overnight . Hospital officials in Simav reported about 150 injuries , most of them minor , and some structural damage has been reported . Emergency officials swiftly responded with search and medical crews , and supplies such as blankets , water and food . The Kutahya region recently had a scare of leaked cyanide-contaminated water from a wastewater dam after an embankment collapse . Crews are checking to see whether the dam was damaged by the quake and so far , there is "  no risk , " said Veysel Eroglu , the environment minister .	Most of the injuries are minor , hospital officials say The tremors shake a region more than 200 miles west of Ankara Search and rescue and medical crews race to the scene
CNN  -- A nationwide manhunt ended Friday when authorities found the body of a surgeon who had been sought in connection with the deadly shooting of a 33-year-old woman at an upstate New York hospital , police said . Investigators found Dr. Timothy V. Jorden dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head in a wooded area near his home Friday , according to Buffalo Police Commissioner Daniel Derenda . Jorden , a surgeon who had worked at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo since 2003 , was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski on Wednesday morning , police said . After piecing together evidence , including surveillance video from Jorden 's home and the medical center , police believe that the doctor called Wisniewski Wednesday morning , lured her to a stairwell and shot her five times at close range , Derenda said . "  Had the doctor been alive , he would have been charged with murder today , " he added . Shortly after the shooting , police said surveillance video showed Jorden emptying the shell casings from his gun in his office and proceeding to leave the medical center . He then returned home , where video showed him leaving through the back door to the woods where his body was found , Derenda said . Federal , state and local investigators had been searching for Jorden since the shooting Wednesday . Jorden and Wisniewski had broken up after dating for four years , Buffalo Police Chief Patrick Pascall told CNN . The surgeon graduated from the University of Buffalo School of Medicine in 1996 , according to Joe Cirillo , a spokesman for Erie County Medical Center . After graduating , Jorden served two years of his residency at a military hospital in Tacoma , Washington , before going to Atlanta and then returning to Buffalo to finish his term .	Investigators found Dr. Timothy V. Jorden dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Jorden was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski She was shot Wednesday at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo
CNN  -- Tim McGraw "  instinctively swatted " at a fan who refused to let go of his leg during the finale of an Atlanta concert last week , a rep said . "  At the end of the night during the encore , Tim was singing out in the audience and someone firmly grabbed onto his leg and would n't let go as he was moving through the crowd , " the rep said in a statement . "  He instinctively swatted to try and keep them from ripping his jeans  which they succeeded at doing !  and so he could get to more fans who were trying to slap hands with him before the end of the show . "  He did n't know who had grabbed him and was simply trying to keep his pants from being torn . " The fan 's clutching -- and McGraw 's response -- are seen on a video posted on TMZ.com . In the shaky , somewhat grainy footage , McGraw makes his way down a catwalk above the audience as he sings "  Truck Yeah . " An energetic woman reaches out and grabs the side of his leg , and McGraw reacts . The site later posted a clearer video that appears to show the woman ripping McGraw 's jeans . The woman was escorted away . The summer leg of McGraw 's "  Sundown Heaven Town " tour continues through the end of August .	Fan grabbed McGraw 's leg during show , and McGraw "  swatted " her , says rep McGraw was trying to keep his jeans from being ripped , rep added Videos of incident making way across Internet
CNN  -- Venezuela 's presidential election to pick a successor to the late Hugo Chavez will be held April 14 , Venezuelan state television reported Saturday . After serving 14 years as the South American nation 's leader , Chavez died Tuesday at 58 after a battle with cancer . His vice president , Nicolas Maduro , was sworn in Friday as Venezuela 's acting president . In a bombastic speech at that ceremony , Maduro appealed to the opposition to field a presidential candidate . "  May the best person win , " he said . "  The people will decide . " The official campaign period for the upcoming vote will be held April 2 to April 11 , National Electoral Council President Tibisay Lucena said Saturday . Miranda State Gov. Henrique Capriles said later in the day on Twitter he is "  very thankful " to be nominated as the main opposition candidate . He said he will speak in the coming hours about whether he 'll accept the nomination . "  All agreed that Henrique Capriles is the person to embody the alternative option of change , an alternative for everyone , " Ramon Guillermo Aveledo , a leader in the opposition coalition , said Saturday of Capriles ' nomination . Earlier this week , Capriles -- who lost to Chavez in last fall 's presidential election -- called Maduro 's swearing in "  an abuse of power . " "  To be president , the people have to elect you , " Capriles said . "  The constitution is very clear . " Chavez was a larger-than-life figure during his time as Venezuela 's president , positioning himself as a champion of the poor who cast himself as a "  21st century socialist . " He steered much of Venezuela 's vast oil wealth to social programs to end illiteracy , provide food for the poor and allow more people access to higher education . In Venezuela , will ` Chavismo ' survive ? Internationally , he became one of the world 's most high-profile and vocal leftist leaders , as well as the United States ' chief adversary in Latin America . His policies made him a polarizing figure in Venezuela , revered by legions even as others accused him of repressing dissenting voices and turning over once independent institutions to partisan loyalists . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Henrique Capriles "  thankful " to be nominated as opposition candidate Hugo Chavez died Tuesday , setting the stage for a vote to pick a new president The official campaigning period is from April 2 to April 11 , an election official says Vice President Nicolas Maduro was sworn in Friday as acting president
Washington  CNN  -- Dashing the hopes of Democratic lawmakers Sunday , Sen. Joseph Lieberman signaled he would oppose a health care bill that includes a proposal to expand Medicare to people as young as 55 . The independent Connecticut senator has told Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , that he would vote against the Medicare at 55 proposal . He also said he would oppose cloture and work with the GOP if it ends up in the final version of the bill , two Democratic sources told CNN Sunday . Unanimous Republican opposition so far means Senate Democrats need all 60 votes in their caucus , which includes Lieberman , to pass the sweeping bill . Earlier , on the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " Lieberman and moderate Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska cited necessary changes to the bill before they would vote for it . Lieberman outlined steps that he said would ensure the bill passes the Senate with support from Democrats and some Republicans . Forget about the government-run public health insurance option , Lieberman said , as well as the Medicare measure that was proposed last week as part of a package of alternatives to the public option . Lieberman 's other conditions were eliminating a government insurance program focused on home health care for the disabled and strengthening cost-containment provisions . "  We do n't need to keep adding on to the back of this horse until the horse breaks down and we get nothing done , " Lieberman said . A senior Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN that the "  Democratic leadership was shocked about how strident Lieberman was in his opposition to the Medicare proposal when he went on the Sunday shows . " However , Lieberman spokesman Marshall Whitmann said the senator first informed Reid on Friday that he had concerns about the Medicare 55 buy-in and "  reaffirmed it today . " Reid spend the afternoon trying to get the 60 votes , according to the aide , who said Democrats still believe the Senate can produce a bill by Christmas but acknowledged that they might have to look elsewhere for the 60 votes . Nelson said he can not support the Senate bill without tighter restrictions on federal funding for abortion . The Senate last week defeated an amendment proposed by Nelson and two other senators that would adopt the tougher language contained in the House health care bill . A compromise on the abortion language is possible , said Nelson , one of 10 Senate Democrats who negotiated in private last week to seek a compromise to the equally controversial public option . The negotiators reached a tentative agreement on alternatives , including the Medicare expansion to people 55 and older who lack health insurance , as well as allowing private insurers to offer nonprofit coverage under government supervision . Their agreement , hailed by President Obama and Democratic leaders as an important step forward , still must be analyzed for its total cost by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Several Democrats said Sunday they would decide on the compromise once they get the CBO analysis . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , also on "  Face the Nation , " signaled continuing opposition to any health care bill even if Democrats settle their differences . "  We do not believe this bill , this nearly 2,100-page monstrosity , is real health care reform , " McConnell said . Most Democrats support the public option as a nonprofit competitor to private insurers that would expand coverage and bring down prices . Republicans and some moderate Democrats , along with the health insurance industry , oppose the public option , saying it would be a first step toward a government takeover of the entire health care system . The fate of the health care bill could hinge on the votes of as few as one senator from each party . If Democrats can get 59 of their 60 caucus members to support the bill -- for example , by changing the abortion language to secure Nelson 's vote -- they can focus on gaining the vote of moderate Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , who has signaled an openness to compromise . If the Senate eventually passes a health care bill , its version will have to be merged by a conference committee with the House version passed last month . The final bill would then need approval from both chambers before going to Obama to be signed into law . The president and Democratic leaders have said they want the bill completed this year . The Senate would need to finish its work this week to leave a realistic chance of meeting that schedule . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Sen. Joseph Lieberman says he expressed his opposition to Sen. Harry Reid Lieberman 's vote on health care is crucial to Democratic hopes of passing bill Connecticut independent also rules out government-run insurance option House has already passed health bill ; any Senate bill would have to be merged with it
Two more infants have contracted the herpes virus after undergoing an ultra-Orthodox Jewish type of circumcision , which has been linked to the spread of the potentially deadly virus to newborn boys , according to the New York City Health Department . In the ritual , known as metzitzah b ` peh , after removing the foreskin of the penis the person performing the procedure places his mouth briefly over the wound , sucking a small amount of blood out , which is discarded . Antibacterial ointment is applied and the wound is bandaged . The health department says the procedure is dangerous because the contact with the mouth could transmit diseases such as herpes . Most adults are infected with the herpes simplex virus type 1 , and while they may have no symptoms , the virus may be present in their saliva , according to the health department .  It is different from herpes simplex virus type 2 , which is usually transmitted sexually . "  While HSV-1 in adults can cause the common cold sore , HSV-1 infection in newborns is very serious , " a department statement says . Since 2000 , there have been 13 reports in New York City of infants contracting HSV-1 , two of whom died from the virus . The health department reported that an estimated 20,493 infants in New York City were exposed to the practice in that period . In the most recent case , the infant developed a fever seven days after circumcision and vesicular lesions the following day , according to a press release from the city health department . Seventy percent of neonatal herpes cases show lesions and only 40 % produce a fever . The DOH passed a regulation in September requiring all those who perform the ritual to get parental consent on a form stating that the procedure can lead to health risks . Several Jewish groups and three rabbis filed a lawsuit in federal District Court in Manhattan arguing that "  the government can not compel the transmission of messages that the speaker does not want to express -- especially when the speaker is operating in an area of heightened First Amendment protection , such as a religious ritual . " Dr. Thomas A. Farley , commissioner of the city 's health department , claimed the consent requirement was "  lawful , appropriate and necessary " in a September press release . "  The city 's highest obligation is to protect its children ; therefore , it is important that parents know the risks associated with the practice , " he said . Baby boys whose circumcisions likely involved the ritual between April 2006 and December 2011 had an estimated risk of contracting neonatal HSV-1 infection of 24.4 per 100,000 cases , 3.4 times greater than other infants , according to the health department . "  There is no safe way to perform oral suction on any open wound in a newborn , " Farley said . While Jews regularly practice circumcision as part of their religion , metzitzah b ` peh is limited to a relatively small number of ultra-Orthodox Jews .	Two infants diagnosed with herpes after ultra-Orthodox Jewish circumcision ritual In it , the person performing the circumcision sucks blood away from the baby 's penis Most adults carry HSV-1 virus ; health department says it can be deadly for babies The metzitzah b ` peh ritual is practiced by relatively small number of ultra-Orthodox Jews
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani security forces launched an operation against Taliban militants in the nation 's tribal region along the border with Afghanistan on Tuesday , shutting down NATO supply routes , Pakistani military sources said . Containers bearing supplies for US-led forces and NATO in Afghanistan wait in Pakistan in November . Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- died in the operation in the Khyber Agency that involved military helicopter gunships , according to Pakistani intelligence sources . The fighting was taking place near the town of Jamrud . The Khyber Pass , a key transit link for NATO and U.S. military supplies from Pakistan to Afghanistan , has been closed as a result of the operation , said Tariq Hayat , Khyber 's political agent . He did not know when it would reopen . In a released statement , United States forces in Afghanistan praised Pakistan 's incursion . "  We are pleased with the operation to clear out insurgent in the areas adjacent to the pass so our supplies can go unhindered . This temporary delay will result in the long-term gains for all that use that passage route . There is no immediate impact in our ability to provide supplies to the troops . " NATO and U.S. military supplies are being re-routed , mostly air-lifted , sources tell CNN . The Kyber Pass -- an ancient , three-mile pass which links Pakistan to Afghanistan through the Hindu Kush range -- has traditionally been a vital route for supplies into Afghanistan . Recent hit-and-run attacks have compromised supply convoys , forcing coalition forces to find alternate routes . NATO countries are working on plans with countries in the north -- Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan -- for possible new supply routes . Earlier this month , militants fired rockets at a supply terminal in Peshawar that sits along the route . The attack left two people dead , two others wounded and 12 trucks ablaze . And last month , Pakistani officials suspended travel through the mountain pass , citing security concerns . They reversed their decision a day later .	Pakistan launches operations against Taliban militants in Afghan border region Operation closes Khyber Pass , a key transit link for NATO military supplies Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- killed Operation follows attacks against convoys , supply bases in region
Hong Kong  CNN  -- To the casual observer , the Chinese Communist Party may seem like a monolithic , united entity . In recent years , its leadership has ruled collectively , rather than by the hand of a paramount leader , which was a characteristic of the Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping eras . But while the party outwardly stresses harmony and unity , political analysts believe its estimated 80-million-strong members are divided along deep-rooted factional lines with varying perspectives on social , economic , political , military and foreign affairs . CNN looks at what makes the Chinese party machine tick . Who are the key factional powers within the party ? The Chinese Communist Party is broadly divided between informal "  elitist " and "  populist " coalitions , according to China expert and Brookings Institution analyst Cheng Li . Other analysts conceive of the split in different terms , such as between liberal-minded reformist and conservative hard-liner camps . Li argues the core elitist faction is the "  taizidang , " or so-called "  princelings " -- the offspring of former revolutionary leaders and high-ranking officials . Another elite , albeit fading , faction is the so-called "  Shanghai Gang , " or followers of Jiang Zemin , who served as mayor of Shanghai before becoming China 's supreme leader in 1989 . The populists are dominated by the "  tuanpai " -- politicians who cut their teeth in the Chinese Communist Youth League , the party 's nation-wide organization for youth aged 14-28 to study and promote communism . The league is also a training ground for party cadres . But any analysis of these factional allegiances must be treated with caution -- as an educated but speculative discussion at best -- given the lack of official information and the complexities influencing politicians ' backgrounds . "  Factional lines are often unclear , shifting or overlapping , conditioned by old alliances , family interconnections , conflicts , rivalries , shifting loyalties and pragmatic tactical considerations , " according to CNN 's Beijing bureau chief , Jaime FlorCruz . "  In some cases , these affiliations are also conditioned by the members ' work patron/prot égé experience , i.e. with or under whom they worked and rose to power . " How are these factions oriented ? Broadly speaking , the factions run along socioeconomic and geographic divides . The elitist coalition tends to represent business interests , including entrepreneurs and the rising middle class of China 's affluent coastal regions , according to Li . The princelings typically have prestigious backgrounds as the descendents of former party heroes , tending to have credentials governing affluent provinces along China 's eastern coast . For example Bo Xilai , the disgraced politician once tipped for political stardom in China , is the son of Bo Yibo , a former Politburo member who last served as vice-chairman of the Central Advisory Commission during the Deng era . Some politicians have sought to round out their resumes with credentials across geographic and socioeconomic lines . Bo famously adopted a populist approach invoking Mao nostalgia during his tenure as party secretary of Chongqing , while Xi Jinping -- widely expected to become China 's next president -- left a prestigious post in Beijing to work in rural Hebei for three years . Li says the elitists are currently headed by Wu Bangguo , Chairman and Party Secretary of the National People 's Congress  the national legislature  and Jia Qinglin , Chairman and Party Secretary of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference  the advisory body of delegates from different political parties and parts of Greater China .  Both are protégés of former president , Jiang . As the name implies , the populist coalition tends to promote an agenda representing the concerns of the urban and rural poor , including migrants and farmers . The tuanpai core faction typically comes from humble backgrounds and worked their way up the ranks via the Chinese Communist Youth League in Beijing and inland provinces . Li says the populists are currently led by President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , who have accordingly promoted policies such as eliminating agricultural taxes , developing inland cities and promoting affordable housing . A further contrast , Li says , is that princelings tend to have a great depth of experience in economic policy , including banking and foreign trade and investment , whereas the tuanpai tend to be more skilled in rural administration . Hu 's heir apparent , Xi , is a princeling , whereas Wen 's likely successor , Li Keqiang , represents the tuanpai . What is the Politburo Standing Committee ? The 18th Congress of the Communist Party will officially unveil the new members of the Politburo Standing Committee , the innermost sanctum and supreme decision-making body of the Communist Party -- and by extension the leaders of China 's government . Party members typically occupy its highest positions . Members are typically drawn from those already on the standing committee , as well as the broader Politburo overseeing the Communist Party . The standing committee is a subset of the Politburo . It is also possible that a non-Politburo member could be promoted directly into the standing committee , as in the case of Xi and Li Keqiang during the 17th party congress . Members must also fall within the unofficial retirement age of 68  i.e. born from 1945 onward  , says Li . Beyond these basic criteria follows what Li calls an "  extraordinarily complicated and multi-faceted deal-making process " to narrow the pool to nine members . Speculation is rife that the upcoming committee will be cut to seven members . While the closed-door process involves complex factional negotiations and power struggles that few in the outside world are privy to , Li says the overriding factor is "  patron-client " ties , meaning departing members attempting to prolong their influence and protect their interests by placing their protégés onto the committee . This involves compromise and deal-making behind the scenes . How will these factions be represented in future ? China watchers widely expect that two of the current standing committee members , Xi and Li Keqiang , will retain their membership . Their factional inclinations are reflected in their policy priorities , says Li of the Brookings Institution . Xi is focused on the private sector , market liberation in foreign investment , and Shanghai 's role as a financial and shipping center . In contrast , Li Keqiang emphasizes affordable housing , basic health care and clean energy . This equilibrium extends within the upper echelons of the leadership , which is about evenly split between the elitists and populists , according to Li . Most analysts concur that the era of charismatic , paramount leaders ended after Deng Xiaoping , replaced by relatively colorless technocrats who governed through collective leadership . What does this mean for China 's future ? Out of necessity , this balance has led the elitist and populist coalitions to adopt a collaborative approach of collective leadership rather than a zero-sum game mentality , underpinned by shared fundamental goals : "  to ensure China 's socioeconomic stability as well as the survival of Chinese Communist Party role at home , and to enhance China 's status as a major international player , " Li said . The analyst says this collective leadership style is the "  defining feature of today 's Chinese elite politics . "	Chinese Communist Party not monolithic , united entity Analysts say party broadly divided between informal "  elitist " and "  populist " coalitions Upper echelons of Chinese leadership about evenly split between the elitists and populists Party adopts collaborative approach of collective leadership rather than zero-sum game mentality
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- Ghana is doing extremely well by African standards . Of course "  by African standards " means there are dirt roads leading past the brand-new , gold-columned presidential palace , and it seems 1 percent of the country is blowing their country 's GDP at bars with $ 50 cover charges while the other 99 is selling bags of water at stop lights . They have huge mineral reserves and lots of foreign money invested in their extraction , all of which ends up concentrated in the hands of the president , his cabinet , and whichever of their cousins they 're getting along with at the time . The Ghanaian government likes to boast that their unemployment rate is in the single digits and they 're creating millions of new jobs a year specifically targeting the youth bulge , but when you pull up a pile of rubble and sit down with a member of said bulge , the story seems a lot less cheery . The actual unemployment rate for 15 - to 24-year-olds hovers between 25 and 30 percent and unless you 're a relative or close friend of someone in the ruling class , you can look forward to a long and fruitful career in water sales . But Ghana also has a reasonably sophisticated technology infrastructure and has declared itself the "  Internet Capital of West Africa , " which is kind of archly tragic because right now the internet is the only thing keeping the kids at bay . During Nigeria 's oil boom in the 70s , Ghanaians flooded into the country to take guest worker jobs . Within 10 years they 'd worn out their welcome and were deported en mass back to Ghana , but not before they 'd picked up a popular local pastime : the Nigerian "  pen pal scam . " The way it works is you become pen pals with some dolt in America or Britain , bitch about how hard your life is in Africa , then wait for them to send you money and presents . See the rest of The Sakawa Boys at Motherboard.tv As computers made their way into the continent , the scam was adapted to e-mail and gradually evolved into the rainbow of weird phishing messages from state treasurers and estate managers and plane-crash lawyers that crowd your inbox every morning . And as scammers got hungrier for bigger pickins , they hooked up with hacker-types from the U.S. and Europe who taught them basic credit card fraud , which they combined with the playacting of the e-mail scam to create increasingly elaborate -- and profitable -- superscams . Then for some reason they combined all of this with black magic , and that 's how Sakawa was born . In the same way that hip-hop went from a music style into a descriptor for everything from pants to dancing to potato chips , Sakawa  which originally referred to a specific credit card scam  now means pretty much anything involving money -- if you wear a bunch of flashy brand-name clothes you 're dressing "  Sakawa , " if you 've got a nice car it 's a "  Sakawa " car -- all of which makes sense considering internet scamming is the only way most Ghanaians can afford this . Right now Sakawa is in its salad days . The Sakawa Boys movie franchise has made it up to "  Sakawa Boys 8 , " Juju priests are making a killing enchanting e-mails , Christian preachers are making a killing complaining about enchanted e-mails , and Ghanaians of all ages and interests  but mostly "  young " and "  not being poor "  are packed into internet cafes finding more and more ingenious ways of ripping off Westerners . While a lot of Sakawa practitioners have cooked up elaborate post-colonial justifications where they 're just getting the white man back for taking all their gold , a few , like our guide Seva , see Sakawa for what it really is : a massive bubble just waiting to burst . As Ghana overtakes freaking Nigeria as the e-fraud capital of the world , the government is scrambling to find a way to keep Sakawa from wrecking the country 's business reputation without cutting off an entire young generation from their sole source of steady revenue . And just to make things more interesting , Ghana just discovered oil .	Motherboard.tv goes to Ghana to learn about Sakawa , a criminal world of e-mail scammers Ghana has sophisticated tech infrastructure and calls itself the "  Internet Capital of West Africa " Government is scrambling to prevent Sakawa from hurting the country 's business reputation
In a town not far from me , a municipal ballot measure has become a national bellwether . The citizens of SeaTac , a working-class community that includes the major airport for the Seattle-Tacoma area , will vote next month on whether to establish a $ 15 minimum wage for hospitality and transportation workers . This is obviously a fight about economics  a recent report  PDF  finds that those workers make an average wage of $ 11 today  . Perhaps less obviously , it 's also a fight about citizenship . The pro-Proposition 1 campaign is part of a resurgence of worker organizing across the country . Fast-food strikes have hit dozens of cities ; autoworkers are unionizing in the low-wage South ; fiercely independent lobstermen in Maine have already unionized . Labor organizers in SeaTac want to ride this wave . At the same time , the opposition is strong and well-funded and has the advantage of inertia . The airlines and hotel chains opposed to Proposition 1 need only to sow uncertainty and fear about unintended consequences -- the fear , specifically , of the layoffs or cuts in hours that might result if labor costs went up  and , implicitly , of course , if corporate profits remained untouched  . But SeaTac is a town with fewer than 12,000 voters , with many immigrant families and with shops and restaurants where "  everybody knows your name . " Generic talking points and a vague invocation of fear or hope wo n't cut it here . Every voter 's door in SeaTac can be knocked on more than once , and will be . Which is why SEIU 775NW , the local union that helped put Proposition 1 on the ballot , is investing heavily in feet on the street and face-to-face persuasion . What 's notable in SeaTac , though , is that the people who live here are not pawns in anyone 's game . For over three decades , workers in the United States found that as their economic fortunes declined , so did their civic clout . Now , everyday citizens in and around SeaTac who have endured constant economic insecurity are finding their voice and learning to ask in public whether they should accept as normal a life where working multiple jobs still ca n't push a family out of poverty . Last week , I heard one of these newly activated citizens . Evelyn Olano is a 51-year-old Filipina immigrant . She works two low-wage jobs at the airport , scanning bags and doing security seven days a week . Her husband , already past retirement age , cleans hotel rooms . Five or 10 years ago , Evelyn and every baggage handler and bathroom cleaner and car rental gatekeeper at SeaTac would have silently borne their lot . Today , they are not . They are becoming literate in the language of civic action and political power . As I watched Evelyn give a speech at a campaign event , it was very clear that she 'd never done this before -- and that she 'd be doing it again . Evelyn spoke of the dollars and cents difference Proposition 1 would make in her household . But her earnest presence testified just as powerfully to the democratic difference it would make . The economic rationale for a minimum wage hike is that it creates a virtuous cycle of increasing demand : When workers have more money , businesses have more customers , which means businesses hire more workers , which in turn generates more customers . Customer creation begets job creation , from the middle out and bottom up . The civic rationale for a minimum wage hike is similarly demand-driven . When more citizens demand economic fairness , powerful institutions become more responsive , which empowers more citizens to find their voice , which in turn leads our leaders to listen more to citizens . It 's citizen creation , from the middle out and bottom up . The fight in SeaTac is evidence that the surest way to address economic inequality is to address political inequality : by organizing , speaking up and rounding up the votes to redefine what 's considered normal in public policy . Indeed , even if Proposition 1 does n't pass , it 's already expanded the "  safe zone " in regional politics : Both candidates for mayor in nearby Seattle have now pledged to raise their city 's minimum wage to $ 15 , a move that will have wide national reverberations . This era of economic upheaval nationwide and policy paralysis in Washington is leading citizens across the spectrum to rediscover the power of collective action . The tea party has showed vividly that an activated , well-organized minority , working together , can change the frame of what 's possible in politics . Now , it 's time for workers stuck in poverty to learn and apply that lesson . They may get a living wage . They will certainly get a healthier democracy .	Eric Liu : Proposition would raise wages by $ 4 for many in Seattle-area community He says the effort , organized by union group , is a model of citizen activism The tea party has showed how citizen organization can sway public policy , he says Liu : Surest way to address economic inequality is to start with political activism
CNN  -- Can you serve coq au vin made with red wine in Dubai anymore ? Nobody 's completely sure . Confusion reigns in the upscale restaurant kitchens of the Gulf sheikdom after a circular was sent out by Dubai officials earlier this week stating that the use of alcohol in cooking was "  strictly prohibited " since it violated the Muslim country 's strict alcohol rules . Arabian Business , quoting the head of food inspection for Dubai , reported that hotels had one month to stop using alcohol in food preparation or face fines ranging from $ 545 to $ 5,445  AED 2,000 to AED 20,000  , even rising to as much as $ 136,000  AED 500,000  for serious repeat offenders . But just as the frost was starting to develop on the foie gras  which can come marinated in wine  , Dubai authorities did an apparent U-turn , with a senior official saying there had been a "  misunderstanding " of the rules -- and that there was no ban . Chefs and hotels have now been told that the Dubai municipality will call a meeting soon to clarify the alcohol guidelines , Uwe Micheel , president of the Emirates Culinary Guild and director of kitchens at the Radisson Blu Dubai Creek , told CNN . Micheel told CNN he thought stricter rules will be brought in , but that there will be no ban . "  I expect the change will be that all the dishes prepared with alcohol will have to be on a separate menu , " the German executive chef said , so that it 's easier for Muslims to identify which dishes contain alcohol . He said he also expected stricter guidelines on storage of food prepared with alcohol and perhaps utensils used to eat food prepared with alcohol . At the moment , dishes that contain alcohol can be sold in the city 's restaurants if they are clearly marked on the menu . The drink must be stored and the food prepared separately . Alcohol is available to drink at licensed restaurants and bars , which are usually found in international hotels , although Muslims are not legally allowed to drink . Micheel , who oversees 14 restaurants , said the Dubai authorities were generally supportive of the emirate 's hospitality industry and were not "  here to make life difficult for us . " But he said he thought more complaints were coming into them from local Muslims . He added that not all Dubai restaurants were complying with the current regulations . Dubai , not that long ago a sleepy pearling village , has unique demographics . A massive 85 percent of the people there come from another country , vastly dwarfing the conservative local Emirati population . And that unusual population divide can cause culture clashes , like the present confusion surrounding a possible alcohol cooking ban or the recent case of the British couple appealing a one-month jail sentence for kissing and drinking in public . Read about how a kiss highlighted Dubai 's culture clash "  For them -LSB- Muslims -RSB- , alcohol is a 100 percent no-no , even if it 's boiled , " Micheel said . "  And that has to be respected . We are living in a Muslim country . " Micheel said he thinks the ban confusion happened because authorities have received "  more complaints " from locals . Arabian Business quoted the director of the emirate 's food control department as saying the reason for the clampdown under the existing 2003 law was that a number of complaints had come from locals . Dubai 's foreign population has swelled in recent years as expatriates flocked to the booming emirate , attracted by a high standard of living , jobs , no taxes , and year-round sunshine . The population changes have meant that local Emiratis are vastly outnumbered , raising concerns among them that the lightning-speed modernization threatens their deeply conservative social and religious identity . The two populations could n't be more different . The tiny local Emirati population dress in floor-length robes , shun alcohol , pray five times a day , and are rooted in conservative Islam . Many of the country 's Western expatriates and tourists , however , are drawn to the desert sheikdom-by-the-sea 's relaxed beach lifestyle . Expatriates who live in Dubai said authorities are more sensitive to these types of culture clashes than in the past . "  More people are misbehaving , " said Micheel , who 's been working in Dubai for 17 years , arriving when the sheikdom was just a "  small village . " "  There are more than 200 different nationalities living here , " he said . "  If you do not respect each other 's rules and cultures , there will be clashes . " "  In the past , you would not have seen people in very casual summer clothes here , " he said . "  Now you do . We are guests in this country . We must behave as guests . " Heiki Moeckel , a culture consultant with Abu Dhabi-based Embrace Arabia , a consultancy group that advises both foreign and Emirati clients on how to bridge the cultural divide , told CNN some expatriates need to learn more respect for their host country . "  It 's very silly to believe that if you 're coming from country x , y and z , you 're going to create a copy of that country when you come to the United Arab Emirates , " she said . "  Why do n't you just stay home if you need everything from home ? "	Dubai officials calling meeting to clarify regulations Stricter alcohol cooking rules may be brought in Back-and-forth on ban may be result of increased complaints Dubai demographics strikingly unique with 85 percent foreigners
CNN  -- Hundreds of protestors took to the streets in Vietnam Sunday as territorial disputes escalated tensions between the communist state and its neighbor China . A rally which drew around a thousand protesters in Hanoi focused local ire on the Chinese embassy , while smaller protests in Danang and Ho Chi Minh City echoed the anti-Chinese sentiment emanating from the political capital . The demonstrations were sparked by what Vietnam says were intimidatory tactics involving China 's deployment of a deep-sea drilling platform in disputed waters in the South China Sea . Vietnamese officials say Chinese military and civilian ships have been harassing their vessels near the Paracel Islands -- which are controlled by Beijing but claimed by Hanoi -- since the previous Sunday , even accusing the Chinese of repeatedly ramming into them and shooting water cannon . "  The Xisha  Paracel  Islands are China 's inherent territory , " Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a briefing Monday . "  The Chinese company 's normal operations fall within China 's sovereignty . China ... has required the Vietnamese side to take all necessary measures to protect the safety and lawful rights of Chinese citizens and institutions in Vietnam . " While public protests are rare in Vietnam , where the one-party system is wary of public gatherings , there have been several anti-Chinese protests in recent years . That this weekend 's actions went ahead unobstructed by police is seen as a sign that the government tacitly approves of the protests . ASEAN backdrop The anti-Chinese demonstrations , which were boisterous but free of injury or other incident , came as the Association of South East Asian Nations  ASEAN  met in neighboring Myanmar . The country 's president , Thein Sein , said "  regional and global issues of great concern to ASEAN will be extensively discussed among ourselves , " during opening remarks . He did not explicitly refer to the dispute , nor the protests that it had spawned . The summit 's Foreign Ministerial Meeting sought to present a united front , releasing a statement that called on regional disputes to be resolved peacefully . "  The ASEAN Foreign Ministerial Meeting focused on  the  South China Sea issue in which it sought an approval to address the territorial dispute peacefully and reasonably , " Myanmar Foreign Minister Wunna Maung Lwin told journalists . "  In this regard , the meeting released the statement . All ASEAN foreign ministers expressed their deep concern about South China Sea . " Disputes on multiple fronts China continues to exert its territorial dominance across the South China Sea , with recent disputes with its neighbors causing tension in Malaysia , Indonesia , the Philippines and Japan . Last week Chinese fishing boat and its 11 crew members were apprehended by Philippine authorities near the Spratly Islands , another disputed region in the South China Sea . Philippine officials say the boat was carrying a large number of endangered species and they seized the boat "  to uphold Philippine sovereign rights " in the disputed waters . "  It 's possible that an armed clash could occur , but not a full-fledged war . The situation with Vietnam is serious -- more serious than the situation with the Philippines , " said M. Taylor Fravel , Associate Professor of Political Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  . "  China has controlled the northern half of the Paracel Islands since the 1950s and the southern half since 1974 . Unlike the Spratly Islands , China maintains that no dispute exists over the Paracels . So we can see that China believes that its claim there is quite strong , " he added . Exclusion zone Relations between China and Vietnam soured on Friday , when a Chinese platform began drilling for oil near the Paracel Islands . The oil rig , Haiyang Shiyou 981 , is owned by state gas and oil company CNOOC . The Maritime Safety Administration of China  MSAC  declared a three-mile exclusion zone around the rig , while military vessels have been deployed to patrol the area . "  At present , the number of escorting ships of China has reached 60 , including military ships , " Tran Duy Hai , Vice Chair of Vietnam 's National Boundary Commission , said in a statement Wednesday . "  These vessels have intentionally hit and collided with Vietnamese law enforcement ships , including those of the Maritime Police and Fisheries Control , causing damage in human and property . "  sic China maintains that its current drilling activities are legitimate and blame the Vietnamese for provoking conflict . "  The drilling activities of this rig are within China 's territorial waters . The harassment by the Vietnamese side is in violation of China 's sovereign rights , " said Hua Chunying , spokesperson of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . She did not confirm the boat collisions . According to CNOOC , a third of China 's oil and gas resources are under the South China Sea , most of which it claims as its own , refuting rival claims from Vietnam , the Philippines , Taiwan , Malaysia , and Brunei . ` Undermines peace ' In Washington , U.S. State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki condemned China 's drilling near the Paracels . "  This unilateral action appears to be part of a broader pattern of Chinese behavior to advance its claims over disputed territory in a manner that undermines peace and stability in the region , " said Psaki . China 's Hua hit back saying that Chinese drilling activities "  have nothing to do with Vietnam , let alone the U.S. " Meanwhile , the Philippines Department of Foreign Affairs said it will deal with the detained fishermen "  in a just , humane and expeditious manner . " Philippines police claimed the fishing boat was loaded with 350 endangered turtles when it was seized near an area it controls called Half Moon Shoal . China urged Manila to "  stop taking further provocative actions . " "  It is possible that the Philippines may have been emboldened by the recent defense agreement reached with the United States . China and the Philippines are jostling for control of the waters in the area where the arrest occurred , " said MIT 's Fravel . The arrests follow U.S. President Barack Obama 's visit to the Philippines earlier this week , kicking off the annual military drills held jointly by U.S. and Filipino forces . During the trip , the U.S. and Philippines signed the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement , a 10-year security pact that gives the U.S. more military access in the region . China , Vietnam , Philippines collide amid escalating South China Sea tensions U.S. : China claim of air rights over disputed islands ` creates risk of incident ' South Korea expands air defense zone in reaction to China CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	NEW : Vietnamese take to the streets to protest against perceived territorial incursions by China NEW : South China Sea disputes form backdrop to ASEAN summit in Myanmar Vietnam says Chinese ships have made violent attacks on Vietnamese vessels Chinese fishermen arrested by Philippines authorities in a separate dispute
Washington  CNN  -- When Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed some of the country 's toughest abortion restrictions into law on Thursday , his state joined a growing number of those strategically pushing the limits of federal abortion rights that have been in place for 40 years . "  In signing House Bill 2 today , we ... cement the culture of life , which Texas is built upon , " Perry said during the signing ceremony . "  Children do deserve the respect of simple recognition before their lives are cut tragically short . " His reference to the "  culture of life " was no coincidence . Nor was the bill becoming law . Perry signs abortion bill into law As the nation focused on a Republican takeover of the U.S. House during the 2010 midterm elections , an even bigger conservative revolution was taking place in the states : one that , three years later , is having big implications for state legislative battles over reproductive rights . In 2010 , the GOP gained the majority of governorships , and one-fifth of the nation 's state legislatures switched to complete Republican control , according to data from the National Conference of State Legislatures . Before the 2010 election , 14 state legislatures were Republican-controlled . After those elections , the GOP controlled 24 statehouses , according to the data . The partisan shift took place in such states as North Carolina , Ohio and Wisconsin , some of the very states that have since pushed some of the nation 's most stringent abortion regulations . In Texas , Perry won re-election , and Republicans made major gains in the statehouse , which netted that party full control of state government . While most of the candidates ran on conservative economic rather than social platforms , such views tend to be part of "  part of the candidate 's profile , " said Mary Spaulding Balch , director of the department of state legislation for the National Right to Life organization . In the states , there has been a trend of gaining "  support in the elections where they are electing pro-life legislators , and the legislation is passing by a greater margin , " she said . Those gains were coupled with a concerted effort by anti-abortion groups -- which since the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court Roe v. Wade decision had been stymied at the federal level -- to turn to the state level to push and pass legislation favorable to their cause , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at the Guttmacher Institute , which supports abortion rights . "  It was this perfect storm to enact abortion restrictions , " Nash said . New laws flout -- or use -- Roe v. Wade provisions in restricting abortions The effects are being felt across the country . In Texas , the new law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates that abortion clinics become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . As it wended its way through the statehouse , the measure resulted in a high-profile showdown , and Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis undertook an 11-hour filibuster to try to block its passage . In North Carolina , the House of Representatives passed a measure placing requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit and prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . Ohio 's Republican governor , John Kasich , recently signed into law a state budget that includes measures that will require ultrasounds for anyone seeking an abortion and limit abortion clinics from transferring patients to public hospitals . If they need more care after a procedure , patients will now have to seek out a private hospital . The budget will also make it more difficult for family planning groups in the Buckeye State to obtain funding for preventive care . And it puts Planned Parenthood behind clinics that do n't provide abortions when it comes to obtaining state funding . In Wisconsin , a federal judge recently granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new law banning doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 miles of their practice . Ultimately , anti-abortion advocates hope that some of the recently passed state legislation will force the Supreme Court to revisit issues addressed in Roe v. Wade . "  I think that 's what they 're angling for ... getting the Supreme Court to reconsider it , " said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . Anti-abortion groups acknowledge as much and point to such issues as the medically controversial language in several state bills stating that a fetus feels pain after 20 weeks . Courts in several states have blocked measures containing this language . "  If the laws were challenged and made its way to the court , we would argue the court has never looked at these issues before , " Spaulding Balch said . Four decades after Roe : A legacy of law and morality CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	States are increasingly passing restrictive abortion laws Increase is due to larger number of conservative-controlled statehouses , governorships Goal is to use possible challenge to state law to get Supreme Court to revisit Roe v. Wade
CNN  -- Bram Stoker 's private journal sat unnoticed on his great-grandson 's bookshelf in England for at least a year . Full of notes that would inform his legendary novel "  Dracula " and other stories , the thin , unmarked book had probably been lugged down from the attic at some point , along with other things the Stoker family had passed down for more than a century and placed inconspicuously in Noel Dobbs ' Isle of Wight home . Then , one day not long ago , a researcher working on a project about Stoker got in touch with Dobbs to ask if he might know anything about a journal his famous relative kept . Dobbs looked around and finally popped open this tiny book . It was signed "  Abraham Stoker . " "  It 's kind of incredible , but Noel was rather blasÃ © about it , " laughed Dacre Stoker , Dobbs ' cousin and a professor in South Carolina who has written a book about Bram Stoker . When news reached Dacre that the journal had been discovered , he cajoled his cousin into sending him photographs of a few pages . "  When I saw it , I was amazed , " Dacre Stoker said . "  I thought , ` The Holy Grail ! We 've found it ! ' There is so little written by Bram about Bram . Family , scholars and hard-core fans -- so many people have wanted to know what made the man who wrote ` Dracula ' tick . And here we had a major set of clues . " Those clues will be published next March in "  The Lost Journal , " Dacre Stoker told CNN.com . The publication will mark 100 years since the author died in April 1912 . Dacre Stoker has worked with Bram Stoker scholars to annotate "  The Lost Journal , " which also offers quirky bits of folklore from Ireland , Stoker 's homeland , and insight into the inspiration for his other work . There are 305 entries , some pages-long , others just a few sentences . Bram Stoker was in his early 20s when the journal began in 1871 . He had graduated from Ireland 's Trinity College and was working at Dublin Castle . It would be more than a decade before the author learned about the primary inspiration for his Count Dracula , "  Vlad the Impaler . " The real-life prince of Wallachia who ruled during the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans , Vlad earned his nickname by impaling his enemies . His viciousness became notorious in Germany and other parts of Europe where tales spread of a man-monster who lived off blood . Vlad 's father was a member of the Order of the Dragon , or Dracul . "  Dracula " means son of the Dragon . The last entry of Stoker 's journal in 1881 hints at a major character he would use in "  Dracula . " In the novel , Renfield is an asylum inmate who has delusions that compel him to eat living beings , including flies , to gain their life force . The vampire Count Dracula seizes on Renfield 's weakness and offers him as many creatures as he can eat in exchange for his eternal devotion . It does n't work out well for Renfield in the end . In his journal , Stoker wrote : "  I once knew a boy who put so many flies into a bottle that they had not room to die . " In another passage , the author seems to be alluding to a vampire 's inability to see his own reflection . "  Story of man who reflects everybody 's self who meets him , " he wrote . Stoker 's interest in spookiness shows up in other journal entries . "  A man builds up his shadow on a wall bit by bit by adding to substance , " he wrote . "  Suddenly the shadow becomes alive . " The passage is believed to be a kernel of the "  The Shadow Builder , " one of Stoker 's first attempts at a horror mystery . The journal offers some surprising insight about the author , too . There are funny "  memos " that Stoker wrote to himself , which Dacre Stoker believes were witticisms that the author may have wanted to use at a party or a pub to seem interesting . The journal also contains romantic poems . "  People do n't think of Bram Stoker as being romantic , but there are some very romantic , sweet moments here , " Dacre Stoker said . The author apparently drew from his journal for material that would make up "  Under the Sunset , " a lesser-known collection of short stories for children that Stoker published in 1881 . One note in the journal alludes to the writer 's fascination with children : "  Palace of Fairy Queen . Child goes to sleep & palace grows -- sky changes into blue silk curtains etc. " Dreaming kids would appear in several stories in "  Under the Sunset , " all darkly told tales that meditate on the blurry line between reality and imagination , science and folklore . "  Bram had a troubled childhood , " Dacre Stoker said . "  He was very lonely and thought about death a lot during seven years that he was just a boy and struggling through an undiagnosed illness . " The journal 's first entry , titled "  Night Fishing , " is a kind of ode to the sea and the people who encounter it . The writing seems experimental and flowery . "  It 's as if Bram were practicing , " Stoker said . "  He might have thought , ` Well , this is how a writer is supposed to write -- in very long sentences . ' " The author was fascinated with the theater and the act of observing , and he traveled a lot , a rare thing for his time . Journaling and touring are central in "  Dracula . " The novel 's narrator , Jonathan Harker , writes in his journal as he travels across Europe , witnessing and questioning the day 's superstitions and trying to make sense of his own bad dreams and bizarre , supernatural encounters . The novel centers on Dracula 's attempt to move from Transylvania to England , and his battle with professor Abraham van Helsing . "  Bram traveled an unusual amount for the time that he lived , " Dacre Stoker said . "  He was curious . He loved to ask those questions : What is real and what is myth , and where do they meet ? What is stronger , science or myth ? " Though Stoker died before his Count Dracula became internationally famous when Bela Lugosi played him as a suave nobleman in the 1930s film , Dacre Stoker thinks the author would be flattered by how his character has stayed relevant over the years . From Lugosi to Anne Rice 's Lestat and "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " to "  Twilight " and "  True Blood , " Stoker 's main question : "  What does it mean to live forever ? " has proved eternal . And in true Bram Stoker style , he left one more mystery . In one of his books , the author alludes to another diary . He writes about an upcoming trip to London where one can get work as a writer . The journal of writing and notes that was recently found in the Isle of Wight home is not that diary . "  There 's something else out there -- that missing piece , this mystery diary , " Stoker said . "  I 'm dying to know where it is . "	Bram Stoker 's journal has been found in a home on Isle of Wight , England The journal contains notes that would inform Stoker 's "  Dracula " and other works An annotated book will be published 100 years after Stoker 's 1912 death Dacre Stoker , the author 's great-grandnephew , shared excerpts with CNN.com
CNN  -- The stern of a cargo ship that ran aground last year on a reef off the coast of New Zealand has slipped further underwater , officials said Tuesday , spewing nearly 10 more tons of oil into the sea . Some 21 containers holding a hazardous metal called cryolite -- a by-product of aluminum smelting -- have also slipped off the vessel as it plunged downward , said Maritime New Zealand spokeswoman Michele Poole . "  We had significant storms last weekend and the seas really have not subsided , " added Poole . "  So it 's very rough out there . " Authorities say they do not consider the metals dangerous because they are wrapped in plastic within the container . Should the containers break apart , Poole noted , the metals ' toxicity levels would likely be diluted by the surrounding sea water . The metals are not thought to pose an environmental risk , she said . Still , emergency management teams were again placed on alert after monitoring devices aboard the ship -- named the MV Rena -- indicated Tuesday morning that the vessel had further slipped off the Astrolabe Reef , located about 12 nautical miles off the city of Tauranga . Authorities said six little blue , or korora , penguins have since been recovered after new pockets of oil surfaced later Tuesday , but added that they do not expect a need for a major recovery effort . The Liberian-flagged vessel struck the reef in October and has split in two . About 300 tonnes of oil have since leaked from the ship 's hull , prompting the country 's environment minister to call the spill New Zealand 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . Between 200 and 300 containers , comprised mostly of wood and milk products , were also lost overboard when the ship broke apart "  There is inevitably going to be a lot of mess and disturbance for the next few days while this is cleaned up and we would like people to use common sense and stay well away from the debris -- in some cases this will mean staying out of the water as well as away from material washed up on the beach , " National On Scene Commander Alex van Wijngaarden said in a statement . Debris from the vessel washed up on a local beach Monday , and a sheen of oil remains visible around the vessel . But officials say they remain wary of committing personnel , particularly underwater crews , to the crash site . "  The wreck is highly unstable , " noted Poole . "  So it 's not worth us risking sending divers down there . " A barge equipped with special cranes , shipped from Singapore , has since taken part in recovery effort , she added .	Some 21 containers holding a hazardous metal called cryolite also fall into the water The metals are not thought to pose an environmental risk The Liberian-flagged vessel struck the reef in October and has split in two
CNN  -- California voters on Tuesday appear to have approved Proposition 8 , a measure banning same-sex marriage in the state . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin says the U.S. Supreme Court may have to rule on the issue of same-sex marriage . California 's secretary of state late Tuesday released semi-official results showing Proposition 8 had passed 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent . CNN has not officially called the result one way or the other . On Wednesday protesters took to the streets of Los Angeles to voice their opposition to the potential ban . And there are at least three legal challenges to it now pending in court . Kiran Chetry of CNN 's "  American Morning " spoke Thursday with the program 's legal analyst , Sunny Hostin , about the issue . Chetry : California 's attorney general says that the constitutional amendment is not retroactive , and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom says he will continue to marry people until someone sues him to stop . So what does Prop 8 mean first of all to people who want to get married in the state of California ? Hostin : Well , we already know in Los Angeles they are no longer issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . So in Los Angeles , it 's a no go . In San Francisco , as you mentioned , the mayor is saying , "  We 're still going to be doing it . " So for people that are n't married yet , it 's really legal limbo . Chetry : All right . And what about people who from the time that they allowed same-sex marriage , this was in May until November , some 18,000 couples decided they were going to do it . What happens to them ? Is their marriage still valid ? Hostin : It 's still valid right now . But really they are also in a legal limbo . The bottom line it 's all over the place . The law is really unclear here . Last night , I was poring over these legal papers . I was also discussing this with a lot of law professors , a lot of different lawyers , and everyone is all over the place . Some folks said , you know , the bottom line is when you look at the language of Proposition 8 , it is very clear that it was meant to be retroactive and that means that all the marriages will be invalidated . Then another law professor that I spoke to said that is absolutely fundamentally ridiculous . The bottom line is this is a fundamental right that was given to couples and this is a right that is not going to be given away . I think we 're going to see a lot of litigation here , Kiran , and the bottom line is everyone is in a legal , legal limbo . Chetry : It 's very interesting the grounds for which they are challenging . At least in one of these lawsuits they said that it was a constitutional revision rather than an amendment . And that means it would need two-thirds approval of the House in the legislature . So do we think it could go to the state house in California as well as being fought in the courts ? Hostin : I really think this is going to be a legal issue . I think this is going to go before the California Supreme Court . And we already know as you mentioned that there are three cases pending before the California Supreme Court . And what is interesting to note is that it 's the very same court that allowed these marriages in the first place . And so , my guess is that that court is going to weigh in , probably reinstitute the right to marry for same-sex couples and then that 's going to be likely based on the U.S. Constitution and our Supreme Court is going to weigh in . What is I think extremely interesting here is that we now know that we have a president-elect , Obama . He 's going to get the opportunity likely to appoint Supreme Court justices . So we do n't even know which type of court or the makeup of the court that will hear this . But I think the Supreme Court will likely weigh in on this issue . Chetry : This was such a hot button issue in the state . More spending on either side , $ 35 million , $ 37 million on both sides . Hostin : Yes . Chetry : It was the highest funded campaign on any state ballot . Hostin : That 's right . Chetry : They say it trumped every other campaign except the presidential . Hostin : People care about this issue . I mean , they 're talking about discrimination , equal protection . It 's an issue that 's a hotbed issue . We also know , Kiran , that in Arizona and Florida that this ban was implemented . And so , you know , it 's all over the place . People care about this issue , and this is an issue that is really present . And I think that it 's something that , we , of course , have to watch because we 're talking about equal protection , we 're talking about discrimination . People care about these issues . Chetry : Sunny Hostin , great to see you . Thank you . Hostin : Thanks . iReport.com : Did you vote on a same-sex measure ?	California voters appear to have approved a ban on same-sex marriage At least three court challenges have been filed against ban CNN legal analyst says opinions on ban 's legality are "  all over the place " Analyst says U.S. Supreme Court will likely be called upon to decide issue
London  CNN  -- An Enigma machine which featured in a Hollywood movie about the codebreakers of World War II has smashed auction estimates and sold for a world record price . The encoding device sparked a three-way bidding war when it went under the hammer at Christie 's in London Thursday , selling for # 133,250  $ 208,137  -- more than double the upper estimate of # 50,000 . Christie 's said the previous record for an Enigma machine was # 67,250 , at the same auction house , in November 2010 . Vitally important to the Nazi war machine , the Enigma machine was used by the German military to encrypt messages into a form they believed was unbreakable . However , the code was cracked by a team of cryptologists at Bletchley Park in southern England -- a breakthrough widely credited with having shortened the war by at least two years . Enigma machine to go under the hammer The story of the codebreakers has inspired several books , and a movie starring Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet . The Enigma machine sold Thursday was one of several used in the 2001 film . Thousands of the machines are thought to have been produced from the 1920s , through to the end of the Second World War , but it is rare for one to come up for sale . James Hyslop , Christie 's Travel , Science and Natural History specialist , said the machine 's eventual sale -- to an unnamed collector -- had been greeted by a round of applause . Other items sold at the auction included a 104-year-old cookie taken on polar explorer Ernest Shackleton 's British Antarctic Expedition . The biscuit , one of a batch fortified with milk protein and made especially for the Nimrod Expedition  1907 to 1909  , sold for # 1,250 , # 250 shy of the upper estimate . Ill-fated fellow polar explorer Robert Falcon Scott 's 1910 pocket diary sold for # 27,500 -- almost three times the # 10,000 estimate .	Enigma machine sparks bidding war , sells for # 133,250  $ 208,137  at auction in London Encrypting device was used by Nazis to encode messages during World War II Machine later featured in 2001 film Enigma , starring Kate Winslet
New York  CNN  -- In courtroom packed with the victims ' relatives and friends -- many with eyes swollen from crying -- a New York judge broke down in tears Monday as she sentenced the already-imprisoned "  Dating Game Killer " to 25 years to life for the murders of two 23-year-old women in the 1970s . Rodney Alcala -- already on death row in California after being convicted of strangling four women and a 12-year-old-girl there -- now faces two new 25-to-life sentences for the grisly murders of the New York women . The California murders took place between November 1977 and June 1979 , and crime scenes dotted a wide swath of suburban Los Angeles , from Burbank to El Segundo . "  This kind of case , I have never experienced , and I hope to never again , " Judge Bonnie Wittner said between bouts of tears in Manhattan Criminal Court Monday . Alcala , 69 , pleaded guilty last December to the murder of Cornelia Crilley , who was killed in New York in June 1971 , and the murder of Ellen Hover , whose body was found in Westchester County in 1977 . Crilley 's younger sister , Katie Stigell , spoke on behalf of the family in the courtroom Monday , and remembered her sister as a beautiful girl with a wonderful personality who "  loved roses , daisies , and most of all , laughing . " "  She had her father 's blue eyes and sense of humor , " an emotional Stigell said . "  To think that smile of hers , that you were the last to see it , " Stigell said directly to Alcala , who was present in court for the sentencing Monday . "  It 's not about you today , it 's about her , " Stigell added . Dozens of Crilley 's family members packed the courthouse wearing stickers printed with the young girl 's face on it and a message that read , "  Cornelia always in our hearts . " Crilley , a 23-year-old TWA flight attendant , was found raped and strangled inside her Upper East Side apartment in June 1971 , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said in a news release at the time of the indictment in January 2011 . Hover , also 23 and living in Manhattan , was found dead in Westchester County in 1977 , the 2011 news release said . Hover 's sister , Charlotte Rosenberg , described her beloved big sister as someone who "  chose to see the good in everyone she met because she had such a huge and open heart , " in a victim impact statement read in court by an assistant district attorney . Rosenberg and her sister , Victoria Rudolph , chose not to attend the sentencing , but said they were grateful to submit an impact statement on behalf of their family . "  She was a talented painter and pianist and dreamed of going to medical school , " Rosenberg wrote about her sister . Rosenberg wanted to make the distinction that her sister was not an heiress , as some news accounts at the time had indicated , but that her father planted the story to ensure that local and national papers continued to cover Hover 's disappearance until she could be found . "  She was an amazing big sister ... so dedicated to the entire family , " Rosenberg wrote . "  It is my hope that the swift conclusion of these cases brings closure to the Crilley and Hover families , who have spent decades awaiting justice and now have been spared the pain of trial , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said at a news conference following the sentencing Monday . Relatives and friends of Hover and Crilley thanked the prosecutor 's cold case unit for its efforts in bringing an end to their suffering . Assistant District Attorney Alex Spiro methodically read Alcala 's "  chronology of carnage " to a hushed courtroom . In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game . " At the time , he had been convicted in the 1968 rape of an 8-year-old girl and served a 34-month sentence , authorities said . A year before his appearance on the game show , Alcala raped , sodomized and killed 18-year-old Jill Barcomb and 27-year-old nurse Georgia Wixted in California , prosecutors said . During his appearance on "  The Dating Game , " Alcala was introduced as a "  successful photographer " who might also be found skydiving or motorcycling . In June 1979 , Alcala beat , raped and strangled Charlotte Lamb , a 33-year-old legal secretary , in the laundry room of her El Segundo apartment complex , authorities said . That same month , he raped and murdered Jill Parenteau , 21 , strangling her with a cord or a stocking in her Burbank apartment , they said . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling out a window , the prosecutor said , adding , "  Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder . " He was charged with murdering Parenteau , but the case was dismissed after he was convicted of killing 12-year-old Robin Samsoe , also in 1979 . Alcala approached the girl at the beach in Huntington Beach , California , and asked her to pose for pictures , authorities said . She did , they said , and Alcala then kidnapped and murdered her , dumping her body in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains . Alcala was convicted in Samsoe 's killing in 1980 and sentenced to death , but the California Supreme Court subsequently overturned his conviction . A second trial , in 1986 , also resulted in a death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the crime scenes in the Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb cases , and he was charged with killing them and Parenteau . Jed Mills , who was "  Bachelor No. 2 " on "  The Dating Game " alongside Alcala 's "  Bachelor No. 1 , " recalled that he had an almost immediate aversion to him . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills said last year . Alcala succeeded in charming bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from the other side of the game show 's wall . But she declined the date that the show offered them : tennis lessons , tennis clothes and a trip to an amusement park . CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Jason Kessler , Chris Kokenes and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Rodney Alcala is already on California 's death row , convicted of killing 4 women and a girl He faces two new 25-years-to-life sentences in the '70s deaths of two women in New York Weeping judge : "  This kind of case , I have never experienced , and I hope to never again " In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game "
New York  CNN  -- The parents of two children allegedly slain by their nanny in New York City last year are expecting a child this fall , roughly a year after the nightmare deaths , according to a Facebook post . "  We are very happy to let you know that Marina is expecting a baby in the fall , " parents Marina and Kevin Krim said Thursday on the "  Lulu & Leo Fund " memorial page , established for their late daughter Lucia "  Lulu " Krim , 6 , and her brother Leo , 2 . Police say on that October 25 , 2012 , the children 's mother returned to the family 's Upper West Side apartment , found Lucia and Leo dead in the bathroom and saw the nanny stab herself with a kitchen knife . Krim left two of her children with the nanny , Yoselyn Ortega , 50 , to take her 3-year-old child , Nessie , to a swim lesson at a nearby YMCA , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . She had expected to meet the nanny around 5:30 p.m. at a dance class , but when Ortega failed to appear , the mother went back to the apartment . Ortega was arrested in November and later indicted on first - and second-degree murder charges , court documents show . Ortega has pleaded not guilty and has been ruled emotionally fit to stand trial , according to prosecutors . The children 's grandmother , Karen Krim , told CNN on Friday : "  We are thrilled . " "  Nessie ca n't wait to welcome her new baby brother , " the children 's parents say on their Facebook post . "  We are filled with many emotions as we look to the future , but the most important one is hope . " Kevin Krim is a senior vice president for CNBC Digital and a former Yahoo executive . Ortega , a native of the Dominican Republic , has been a naturalized U.S. citizen for 10 years . Friends introduced the family to Ortega , and she had worked for them since Leo 's birth , police said . Ortega was not a live-in nanny , but Marina Krim 's blog , "  Life with the Little Krim Kids , " offered the loving mother 's view of a family life that included Ortega as a member . In February 2012 , the Krims traveled to the Dominican Republic , where they met Ortega 's family . "  We spent the past nine days in the Dominican Republic , " Marina Krim wrote on February 18 . "  We spent half the time at our nanny , Josie 's sister 's home in Santiago and the rest at Balcones de Atlantico in Las Terrenas , a condo-style hotel where the ` Real Housewives of Dominican Republic ' and their families hang on weekends . It was wonderful . " She added , "  We met Josie 's amazing familia !!! And the Dominican Republic is a wonderful country !! " One photograph showed the families together , Ortega holding the girl who was learning how to swim at the time her siblings were killed .	Marina and Kevin Krim say child is expected this fall , about a year after children 's deaths Mother found the children dead and saw the nanny stab herself in October 2012 , police say The nanny has been indicted on first - and second-degree murder charges Parents : "  We are filled with many emotions ... but the most important one is hope "
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Department officials debated how to dispose of more than 1,000 fragments that could have included human remains from the September 11 attack on the Pentagon before they ended up in a Delaware landfill , according to newly released internal documents . The internal discussion about what to do with the "  biological " material was released Friday as part of an investigation into the workings of the mortuary at Dover Air Force Base . In a 2002 e-mail discussion among Defense Department officials , one official identified in the redacted documents as a colonel suggests scattering the material at sea . "  I do like the idea of spreading the ashes at sea in that it is a neutral arena ; it should represent an area readily agreeable to all parties , " the official wrote . A civilian official suggests that it might be appropriate to witness the scattering at sea and to have a chaplain present . Another official , however , expressed concern that an at-sea disposal might "  send a message to the next of kin that we are disposing human remains , and that is not the case . " That official asked that the powder and ashes be disposed of "  immediately " and as "  normal waste . " The colonel responded by saying that disposal would be based on that guidance , but reminded the official that the material was not "  normal . " "  My point , as you are aware of , is that Group F is not your normal set of medical waste , " the colonel said . The material is referred to in the documents as "  Group F " and "  special . " Officials at the Pentagon explained that this group included material that was biological in nature , but it could not be determined that it was human or whether any terrorist remains were mixed in . "  That was at the heart of the debate first because we did not know whether these were human remains to begin with , " said Jo Ann Rooney , acting under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness . "  We knew that they were biological , but they were mixed in with pieces from the building , from the airplane . " Even something from someone 's lunch would show up as being biological in nature , according to Rooney , who said that the internal debate went on throughout the Defense Department and reached into very senior positions . Dover Port Mortuary has been engulfed in scandal since November , when it was discovered that some remains of deceased U.S. troops were discarded in landfills until 2008 .	NEW : Defense official : "  We did not know whether these were human remains to begin with " Defense officials debated how to dispose of more than 1,000 fragments of material The material was from the September 11 terrorist attacks on the Pentagon The material was "  not your normal set of medical waste , " a colonel says
CNN  -- With Republicans back in control of the House of Representatives , a new power structure will emerge over the next few weeks . Republicans needed 39 seats to gain the majority , and are projected to gain 60 seats , the biggest shift in more than a half-century . House Republican Leader John Boehner is poised to lead the House Republican agenda , which promises to cut spending , repeal parts of President Obama 's health care program and push targeted tax cuts for small businesses , which they say will lead to job growth . Boehner is known as a fiscal conservative who made spending reforms a key point of his campaign for House leadership . With may voters angered by what they see as out of control Washington spending , Boehner has reminded reporters that he 's never requested any earmarks for his Ohio district . He has also been a powerful fundraiser for his party , which has solidified his position . As the magnitude of the Republican takeover was becoming clear , an emotional Boehner told supporters , "  Across the country right now , we are witnessing a repudiation of Washington ... a repudiation of Big Government ... and a repudiation of politicians who refuse to listen to the people . " "  He is the real deal , " said Republican strategist Mary Matalin . "  He will run that place not seen since the likes of -LSB- former Speaker of the House -RSB- Tip O'Neill . " Boehner , who will likely be voted speaker by his party when Congress returns on November 15 , twice during his speech said that despite a landslide Republican victory in the House , it was not a time for a victory lap . "  Listen , I 'll be brief , because we have real work to do -- and this is not a time for celebration ... not when one in 10 of our fellow citizens are out of work ... not when we have buried our children under a mountain of debt ... not when our Congress is held in such low esteem , " Boehner said . And while , as his aides said , it was too early to pop the cork on any champagne bottles , Boehner is already using the Republican victory as leverage against the White House . "  We hope President Obama will now respect the will of the people , change course , and commit to making the changes they are demanding , " Boehner said . "  To the extent he is willing to do this , we are ready to work with him . " Boehner , the House Republican leader , watched much of last night 's results with wife Debbie at the National Republican Congressional Committee 's command center at Washington 's Grand Hyatt Hotel , where he also started calling Republicans who won their races . The 10-term congressman also made Skype calls , including one to a group of Tea Party activists from his home district . "  I 'll never let you down , " he told the crowd to a standing ovation before signing off . Virginia 's Eric Cantor is expected to become the next majority leader , the second-ranking position in House leadership , replacing Democrat Steny Hoyer . Cantor echoed Boehner in his victory speech to a hometown crowd in Richmond , Virginia . "  The future is in our hands , so let 's roll up our sleeves , let 's get to work , and the result must be to return America to the land of opportunity , responsibility and success , " he said . Cantor is currently the Republican whip and the current deputy whip , California Republican Kevin McCarthy , said he will run for the post . McCarthy served as the head of recruiting for the House GOP for the midterm elections and led the effort to craft the GOP agenda project , called the "  Pledge to America . " Texas Republican Pete Sessions , who ran the GOP campaign committee , has also expressed interest in the whip position . Indiana Republican Mike Pence , who has made some high-profile appearances in Iowa and is considering a bid for higher office , potentially president or Indiana governor , is considering stepping down from his current position as the No. 3 Republican to focus on his future . Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling , a conservative who has bucked his leadership in the past as a former chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee , is expected to run for the post . In effort to have diversity at the leadership table , Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rogers , the vice chair of the Republican conference , will likely retain a similar post as the highest-ranking woman in the leadership . Because the freshman class will be large and includes a lot of conservative and Tea Party candidates , House GOP leaders are discussing including a seat at the leadership table for a representative from that group . But , it is unclear what position would be or who would get it , although one thought if it could go to the president of the freshman class . California Republican Darrell Issa , an outspoken critic of Obama , is expected to get the chair of the Oversight Committee . He said in a statement after the vote , "  The American people have sent a clear and direct message to Washington that they want less spending , limited government and more accountability . "  The mandate is clear : Advance an agenda that will create real jobs , not government jobs , but real jobs to get our economy moving again . " Issa has already said he plans to investigate the Obama administration 's handling of the Wall Street bailout , the BP oil disaster and health-care reform . Other expected committee changes include : Appropriations : Could be a fight between Jerry Lewis of California , the current ranking member , and Hal Rogers of Kentucky , the top Republican on the Homeland Security subcommittee . But both men have long histories of requesting earmarks , something Boehner is seeking to ban . The vote on this chairmanship could become a fight by those who want to show that GOP leaders are serious about cutting spending . Energy and Commerce : Since Texas Republican Joe Barton is n't expected to get a waiver of a three-term limit , the panel is likely to be a battle between Fred Upton of Michigan and Cliff Stearns of Florida . Budget : The chair should go to Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , who is popular and well-respected by GOP members , but Boehner has distanced himself from Ryan 's controversial proposal on entitlement reform . Ways and Means : The current ranking Republican , Dave Camp of Michigan , is expected to take the chair of the tax-writing committee . Financial Services : Spencer Bachus of Alabama is the current ranking member . Armed Services : Howard "  Buck " McKeon of California is the ranking GOP member . Homeland Security : Peter King of New York is the top Republican . Judiciary : The current ranking Republican is Lamar Smith of Texas .	House Republican Leader John Boehner is expected to become the new House Speaker Virginia 's Eric Cantor is expected to become the next majority leader Boehner said despite the GOP victory in the House , it 's not time for a victory lap
Congressman Jared Polis D  Colorado : District 02 Congressman Jason Chaffetz R  Utah : District 03	Video : Hand-held cams track freshmen moves Two freshman representatives document their experience for CNN Rep. Jared Polis is a Democrat representing Colorado 's Second district Rep. Jason Chaffetz is a Republican representing Utah 's Third district
CNN  -- No one ever handed her anything . She never had it made . Born in Iowa in 1905 , an only child , she soon moved with her parents to Montana . As she grew up , she developed a love of reading and an interest in writing , and submitted stories to her small-town newspaper . She studied English at college in Montana ; she briefly and unhappily married and then divorced . She worked whatever jobs she could find . Her husband had built up numerous debts , including gambling losses ; she vowed that she would make good on all of them , and she did . She sold some stories to the Saturday Evening Post , using her full name as a byline : Dorothy Marie Johnson . She moved to New York , found work at the Gregg Shorthand Co. , and eventually became the editor of a women 's - interest magazine . But she was homesick -- and she yearned to write a different kind of story . In New York , she would go to the public library to read up on the saga of the West and would go to the movies to watch thrilling films on that same theme . She missed Montana , and what she most wanted to do was write Westerns . The authorship of Westerns -- tales of cowboys and rustlers and settlers and the rough-hewn world around them -- had traditionally been a men 's club . Zane Grey , Max Brand , Owen Wister , Luke Short , Jack Schaefer , Louis L'Amour -- right up to today , those are the kinds of names most frequently associated with famous Western novels . There did n't seem to be much room for a Dorothy . She did n't care . She knew she was good enough to succeed . Here are six words for you : "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance . " She wrote it . She changed her byline to Dorothy M. Johnson , feeling that Dorothy Marie sounded too frilly ; she wrote the short story that was turned into one of the greatest Western movies ever made . A men 's club ? John Ford , the director of the 1962 film , and John Wayne , James Stewart and Lee Marvin , the stars , welcomed her into their own club . So did Gary Cooper , who starred in another movie based on one of her stories : 1959 's "  The Hanging Tree . " And Richard Harris , who starred in 1970 's "  A Man Called Horse . " Last Sunday 's column , about the immortality that the highest level of artistry confers upon the artist , centered on the life of Vincent van Gogh , but it also mentioned some authors whose work will long endure . In between the names of F. Scott Fitzgerald and Philip Roth , I placed the name of Dorothy M. Johnson . A number of you asked who she was . I 'm glad you did . I was kind of hoping you would . Because , in addition to the wonderful talent she possessed , she is a prime example of how , if you set your heart to it , you have a chance to accomplish just about anything . She died in 1984 , at the age of 78 . According to the obituary published in The New York Times , she wrote 17 books , more than 50 short stories and many poems and magazine articles . After she moved back West , she taught college writing courses . The Western Writers of America bestowed upon her their highest honors . Her writing was so clean , so spare -- she knew just how to draw her readers into a tale and keep them hanging on right up to the last word in the last sentence of the last paragraph . Westerns may not be as popular as they once were , but beautiful writing is eternal . Your public library , if you 're lucky , has some Dorothy M. Johnson books ; I think you 'll find them a treat . KUSM , the public-broadcasting station in Bozeman , Montana , put together an affectionate 27-minute documentary on her life called "  Gravel in Her Gut and Spit in Her Eye . " If you 'd like to see it , here it is . Because she seemed to enjoy putting unexpected twists into her plots , and because we 're talking about "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance , " I 'll end this with a story about the movie I think she might have liked . During my years of musical travels , I became friends with Gene Pitney , the singer whose hits included "  It Hurts to Be in Love , " "  Twenty-Four Hours from Tulsa , " "  Town Without Pity " and , of course , "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance . " Once you hear that song , you never forget it . Pitney told me that he constantly heard two things from fans . Either they would say : "  I thought your song was one of the best parts of the movie . " Or : "  I was watching ` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance ' on TV last night , and they cut your song out of it . They must have had to edit it for time . " Both sets of fans , Pitney said , were wrong . "  I thought I was recording it for the movie , " Pitney said . He was justifiably excited about the prospects . With that cast and that director , the film was destined to be a big hit . During the recording session , a friend of Pitney 's left the studio , went outside for a few minutes and saw a marquee on a movie theater . The person came back , Pitney said , and broke the news to him : "  In the middle of the recording session , I found out that the movie had already come out . " To say that made him a little depressed is an understatement . "  Here 's a movie with Jimmy Stewart , Lee Marvin and John Wayne -- and the song does n't get into the movie , " he said . But people continue to think they heard it there . For a long time , Pitney would gently set the questioners straight . By the time he died in 2006 , though , he often just smiled and let them believe what they wanted to believe . He was living up to a line with which every Dorothy M. Johnson fan -- and every fan of "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance " -- is quite familiar : When the legend becomes fact , print the legend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Dorothy Marie Johnson yearned to break into the boy 's club of Western story writers Her story "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance " was turned into a film with top Hollywood stars Greene : She knew how to draw readers into a tale and keep them hanging until the end
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba will allow its citizens to stay in hotels previously reserved for foreigners , the latest in a series of decisions to lift bans on goods and services that the average Cuban ca n't afford . The prohibition on staying in foreigners-only hotels unnerved many Cubans , who complained that foreigners were being afforded rights that were denied to ordinary citizens . Cubans will be allowed to stay in the hotels beginning at midnight Monday , said employees at several Havana hotels . Word of the change came from Tourism Ministry officials , the employees said . For most Cubans , the measure is largely symbolic , as hotel rates are unaffordable . Tourist hotels in Cuba can cost anywhere from $ 60 to more than $ 200 a night -- well out of reach for most Cubans , who earn fewer than $ 20 a month on average . The hotel announcement comes after the government lifted a ban last week on Cubans owning cell phones . That privilege , too , will be too costly for most Cubans . Watch Cubans ' reactions to cell phone privileges " The Cuban government did not say how much cell phones will cost , but it currently costs more than $ 120 to activate a line . "  It 's light years from what I can buy , " one Cuban said of the cell phone cost . The relaxed rules represent the first nuts-and-bolts changes since February when Raúl Castro succeeded his brother Fidel as president . When he took the helm , Raúl Castro said reforms would be on the way . "  I have referred to an excess of prohibitions and regulations , and in the next few weeks we 'll start lifting the most simple of them , " he said . The Cuban government also recently approved the sale of computers , microwaves and DVD players to Cubans -- items previously sold only to foreigners and companies . Before the ban on staying in hotels was lifted , Cuban critics called the restrictions "  tourist apartheid . " In a video that made the rounds on the Internet in February , a student asked the president of Cuba 's National Assembly why Cubans could not travel freely to such resorts . Though such public displays of discontent are rare , the video echoed sentiments voiced in private for years , particularly since the fall of the Soviet empire in 1991 . Cuba lost billions of dollars in subsidies when its ally fell . Cuba depends on tourism as its major source of revenue . On average , more than 2 million tourists visit Cuba annually . The country 's Tourism Ministry recently announced that at least 10 hotels will be built in the capital , Havana , between 2008 and 2010 . The United States has long sought to isolate Cuba 's communist government and restricts American travel to the island nation . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Morgan Neill and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Cubans make about $ 20 a month on average ; tourist hotels start at $ 60 a night Cubans allowed to stay in tourist hotels beginning at midnight Monday Government recently lifted bans on cell phones , computers , DVD players
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are some of the biggest names in Hollywood , but even Susan Sarandon , Ethan Hawke and Dustin Hoffman have had their fair share of casting calamities they would rather forget . Mike Myers sabotaged some auditions for parts he did n't want . "  Why not be nude even if it is a children 's theatre ? " CNN 's The Screening Room has managed to persuade the cream of Hollywood to confess their tales of audition woe . The stars shudder at the memory of waiting in line , frantically trying to memorize lines handed to them moments before , all the while being assessed by critical strangers . Benicio del Toro recounts attending 50 or 60 auditions before getting a part and Quentin Tarantino told Eli Roth he "  blew it " when he first auditioned for "  Inglourious Basterds . " While Catherine Keener remembers a cutting personal assessment : "  You 're not pretty enough . " Here are some of their worst moments : Bill Nighy "  Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest . " "  Love Actually " "  There was one that started out terrible , which was where I had to go to a disused tax office in Harrow -LSB- near London , England -RSB- very early in the morning and put on very tight velvet flared loon pants and a pair of crocodile four-inch - heeled platform shoes , and wear a sort of very small top that did n't meet my trousers , hair extensions and I had to karaoke to ` Smoke on the Water ' by Deep Purple . It 's a very lonely place . And I was 45 at the time ... " Ethan Hawke "  Before Sunset , " "  Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead " "  I have had so many bad auditions . I have fallen on my ass . I have made a complete fool of myself . I auditioned for Robert Redford once and I was so starstruck I could n't even speak . I had a mic wire at a screen test clipped to me and then I got kind of nervous and I paced in a circle and then took a step and tripped and fell on my face . You just have to forgive yourself and keep going on . " Mike Myers "  Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me , " "  Shrek " "  I 've had some bad auditions for some TV movies that were shooting in England where I just did n't want to be in them and offered them more obtuse -LSB- performances -RSB- ... I like to think of it as performance art . I did n't sabotage it , I was just woefully inappropriate , you know ? I just thought , ` Why not be nude even if it is a children 's theatre ? " Catherine Keener "  Being John Malkovich , " "  Synecdoche , New York " "  You would n't believe some of the comments , assessments . But , they 're really not meant personally . Like for example , ` You 're not pretty enough . ' For them it 's just a fact . But for you it 's like , ` Oh my God ! I have to live with this . ' You get a thicker skin about it , which you should because it is n't meant personally , but it 's such a personal profession that you kind of have to get used to getting critiqued on things that you should n't even care about . " Dustin Hoffman "  Marathon Man , " "  Meet the Fockers " "  The most famous casting director from New York , I was lucky enough to get an audition with her in the '60s . She did all the plays , all the Broadway plays . She is sitting across the desk saying her lines , and I am saying mine , and she stops and says , ` Come here . Bring your chair here , right next to me . ' And I say , ` Why ? ' And she says , ` Because I ca n't hear you , and you have never been on the stage or on Broadway , and you are going to have to reach the last row . ' I said , ` Yeah , I know . I have been studying acting for about seven years now , but I 'm not on Broadway now , I 'm just sitting in front of you . ' So , she said , ' I know , but I could n't hear you . That 's why I asked you to sit next to me . ' I said , ` Okay . Can you hear me now ? ' I was getting so angry . Well , at that point she said , ` Speak up , ' and I screamed as loud as I could , every line after . She called my agent and said , ` If you ever send that maniac around here again I will never see another one of your clients . ' I really lost it . Eli Roth "  Death Proof , " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  I left the casting of ` Hostel : Part II , ' which Quentin -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- was a producer on to go and audition for his movie -LSB- ` Inglourious Basterds ' -RSB- and it was just a room with a camera . He was n't even there and I was like , ` Where 's Quentin ? ' They go ` He did n't leave his house today . ' Anyways , I blew it . I did terribly and Quentin called me and starts making fun of me . He was like , ` You were so bad in your audition , but I 'll give you a callback . Come on . ' Demi Moore "  A Few Good Men , " "  Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle " "  I auditioned for ' A Few Good Men ' with Tom Cruise and Rob Reiner and when I went into that audition I was eight months pregnant , so there is always kind of a lasting impression that I was playing this military officer with this gigantic belly . Obviously , it turned out well because I got the role but there was something quite odd about it . " Roger Moore "  Octopussy , " "  Curse of the Pink Panther " "  I remember auditioning for one play , and the girl was awfully short and we were holding the book in our hands and I almost could n't see her . I knew I was n't going to get that part , I tried to make myself smaller and smaller so I could be closer her size and that did n't happen . " Ramon Rodriguez "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , "  The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 " "  I met -LSB- ` Transformers ' director -RSB- Michael Bay in his office in Santa Monica for an hour and a half he had me running , jumping and diving all over his office and his furniture freaking out like I was reacting to robots , which is the strangest audition I have had by far . I left the room completely drenched in sweat and all I could say was , ' I better get this part . ' It worked out and the stuff we did in the room was the stuff we did on set . "	Stars confess their casting calamities and tales of audition woe . Dustin Hoffman remembers how he "  lost it " and screamed at a casting agent Ethan Hawke confesses to falling "  on his ass " Eli Roth "  blew it " when he first auditioned for "  Inglourious Basterds "
CNN  Have Rick and his fellow survivors finally found a place they can settle in for the long term ? That was the question left still unanswered at the end of Sunday night 's season finale of "  The Walking Dead , " and a finale record 15.8 million viewers tuned in to find out the answer . Rick was back in "  Ricktatorship " mode , telling the residents of Alexandria that he knew what it took to survive and they should follow him . That led up to one of many moments where we gasped during the 90-minute finale . Here are five of the biggest gaspworthy moments : 1 . Morgan is back We 've literally been looking for him all season , and Rick 's old friend Morgan -- going all the way back to the first episode -- made a return appearance , wielding a stick he used to kick walker , and human , butt when necessary . And it was definitely necessary once he was captured by two men wearing W 's on their heads , who , we would later learn , wanted to turn Morgan into a walker in order to join a horde of walkers they controlled . 2 . Daryl looks done for It was Daryl who happened upon that horde , and he and Aaron were soon surrounded and forced into a car , with little chance of escape -- that is , until Morgan rescued them . We rarely believe what we hear when there are rumors that Daryl might die , but that was a close one . 3 . Carol and her casserole Melissa McBride continues to steal scenes left and right lately , and her threatening of Pete while lending him a casserole may be one of the best scenes in the series ' history so far . 4 . Glenn gets shot We seriously thought Glenn was a goner after a vengeful Nicholas shot him , then left him for a large group of walkers to attack . Somehow , Glenn survived and attacked Nicholas , but stopped short of killing him . That 's our Glenn , always doing the right thing when it comes down to it . 5 . Rick 's memorable walker encounter Just when you thought you 'd seen everything , Rick literally squeezed a walker 's neck then discharged a round causing the walker to spray out blood -- a walker he presented to the residents of Alexandria , in a bid to lead them toward survival . Rick was then rudely interrupted by Pete , who slashed Reg 's throat in a fit of anger . At that point , Deanna told Rick to off Pete , which he did . Phew ! It was one of the most intense episodes of the already hyperintense series , and our group of survivors somehow made it through . Fans on Twitter were into it . "  That was the most intense hour and a half of my entire life , " one tweeted .	"  The Walking Dead " ended its fifth season with many shocking moments SPOILER : Rick and crew made it through the finale alive
CNN  -- In the end , Del Harvey says the decision to help users report threats of rape and other violence on Twitter was simple . "  It comes down to this , " wrote Harvey , senior director of Twitter 's Trust and Safety division , "  people deserve to feel safe on Twitter . " The site announced a list of changes this weekend in response to complaints that it was n't doing enough to combat hate speech , particularly against women . The site is adding staff to handle abuse reports , partnering with an organization that focuses on the safe use of technology by children and updating its rules to clarify that abusive behavior is not allowed . "  We want people to feel safe on Twitter , and we want the Twitter Rules to send a clear message to anyone who thought that such  behavior  was , or could ever be , acceptable , " wrote Harvey and Twitter UK general manager Tony Chang in a blog post . The post also reiterated that a "  report abuse " button on individual tweets was added recently on some mobile versions of Twitter and said it will be available on the others , as well as the Web , in the coming month . Currently , users who want to flag threatening messages on Twitter must visit the service 's online help center , which requires several extra steps . The announcement came after a week during which gender politics in England spilled over onto Twitter . The Bank of England announced that "  Pride and Prejudice " author Jane Austen will be featured on 10-pound notes . The move came after a campaign by activist Caroline Criado-Perez and others . On Twitter , Criado-Perez wrote that the response got ugly fast : "  I actually ca n't keep up with the screen-capping & reporting -- rape threats thick and fast now , " she wrote now . "  If anyone wants to report the tweets to Twitter . " Some of the accounts she cited have since been suspended . Eventually , one man was arrested in Manchester , England . British police also are investigating a threat of rape and murder made to Stella Creasy , a Labour Party member of Parliament , after she tweeted her support of Criado-Perez . But activists complained that Twitter did n't act quickly enough . A Change.org petition , calling on Twitter to add a prominent "  report abuse " button , had gotten more than 128,000 signatures as of Monday . Twitter had posted last week it was working to address the concerns . In this weekend 's post , it said it will continue . "  We are committed to making Twitter a safe place for our users , " the post read . "  We are adding additional staff to the teams that handle abuse reports and are exploring new ways of using technology to improve everyone 's experience on Twitter . We 're here , and we 're listening to you . "	"  People deserve to feel safe on Twitter , " official says Site is adding staff to handle complaints of abuse A "  report abuse " button also is being rolled out Moves come after threats of rape , other violence in the UK
Darren Wilson was just one of 53 officers in a small-town police department until his encounter with an 18-year-old August 9 on a street in Ferguson , Missouri . "  He was a gentle , quiet man , " Police Chief Thomas Jackson said Friday , referring to Wilson . "  He was a distinguished officer . He was a gentleman . ... He is , he has been , an excellent officer . " Authorities , citing death threats , had until Friday refused to release Wilson 's name after he fatally shot Michael Brown . A resident of the St. Louis area , Wilson , 28 , has been staying at a secure location since the shooting . It was not known whether Wilson -- an officer for six years , including four in Ferguson -- had been placed on modified assignment . Jackson told reporters the officer had faced no disciplinary action during his time on the job . Wilson lives in a neighborhood of modest homes about 20 miles from Ferguson . Neighbors , who seemed angry and worried about the sudden attention on their quiet community , were reluctant to talk about Wilson . Several said the officer left his home days ago . Brown was African-American ; Wilson is white . One of Wilson 's friends , Jake Shepard , said he could n't imagine the officer killing somebody . "  I can say -- without speaking to Darren , without even having heard his statements -- that , at that moment in time , he was scared for his life , " Shepard said . "  I am 100 % positive of that because I could never imagine him even in that situation -- taking someone 's life , let alone taking someone 's life with malicious intent . He 's just the last person on Earth that you would think to do something like that . It 's just shocking . Shepard said Wilson "  has a huge heart " and cares about people . "  He 's kind of quiet when you first meet him , " Shepard said . "  He stays quiet , he 's shy . But he would give the shirt off his back for anybody . " The disclosure of the officer 's identity was overshadowed by new details from the police implicating Brown as a suspect in a convenience-store robbery that was reported shortly before the shooting . Family : ` Beyond outraged ' ; Police chief : Officer is ` devastated ' The claim was immediately greeted with skepticism and anger from some in the community who have accused Ferguson police of attempting a coverup by not releasing details earlier of the shooting or the name of the officer involved . Attorneys for Brown 's family released a statement Friday saying they were "  beyond outraged " over the timing of the robbery allegation , and accused the police of blaming the victim . "  There is nothing based on the facts that have been placed before us that can justify the execution style murder of their child by this police officer as he held his hands up , " the statement said . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon told reporters , "  I think the focal point here remains to figure how and why Michael Brown was killed . " New head of Ferguson security : ` How would I feel ? ' The Ferguson police chief , before speaking to reporters , told CNN 's Don Lemon that the officer was devastated by what had happened . Jackson described the officer as well-mannered and respectful . "  This is his community , " Jackson said . "  He never wanted any of this to happen . " Read the police documents Jackson told reporters Friday afternoon that Wilson did n't stop the young man because he was suspected in the recent robbery , but because he was "  walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic . " Jackson said the reported "  robbery does not relate to the initial contact between the officer and Michael Brown . " The documents said Wilson , who was treated for injuries after the shooting , was in the area of the shooting after leaving a report of a sick person when he spotted Brown . Brown was named in the documents as the suspect in a robbery of a $ 50 box of cigars . The suspect roughly handled a clerk trying to stop him before walking out of the store with a box of Swisher Sweets cigars , according to the documents . A police officer who responded to the robbery said he identified Brown as the robbery suspect by comparing surveillance images of the incident to the body of the slain teen . The images , showing a large man grabbing a smaller man by his shirt , were included with the documents released Friday . Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests The documents said four to six shots were fired . Authorities previously had not mentioned reports of a robbery in the area . Long-simmering tensions between residents , police Police have said Brown , who was days away from starting college , according to his family , was killed in a struggle for the officer 's gun . No one has disputed that Brown was unarmed , but witnesses said he was shot as he tried to distance himself and raised his hands into the air . Earlier this week , the shooting sparked protests and isolated looting incidents , and Ferguson police responded with rubber bullets and tear gas . Dozens of people were arrested . Residents complained about long-simmering tensions between the mostly African-American community and predominantly white police force . Two-thirds of Ferguson 's population is black . The police chief is white . Only three African-Americans are on the 53-person police force . The mayor also is white , and so are five of the six city council members . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting	Officer 's friend : "  He 's the last person on Earth you would think to do something like that " Family "  beyond outraged , " saying police are blaming victim with robbery allegation Police : After the shooting , an officer identified Michael Brown as the robbery suspect Darren Wilson , a six-year veteran , is named as officer who shot Brown
CNN  -- Texas prosecutors said in court Friday they 'll seek the death penalty against Eric Williams , a former justice of the peace accused of killing two prosecutors who served in the same county he did . But what they 'll do with the other person charged in the slayings -- Williams ' wife -- remains up in the air . Kaufman County , Texas , Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse was slain in January on his way to work at a courthouse . Two months later , District Attorney Michael McLelland and his wife , Cynthia McLelland , were fatally shot at their home near Forney . A county grand jury tied all three killings together in April , when they indicted Eric Williams and his wife , Kim , for capital murder . One big question , though , still loomed : Would prosecutors try to get a death sentence for either or both Williamses , should they be convicted of murder ? That was partially answered Friday , in a brief hearing at the same Kaufman County courthouse where Eric Williams had been justice of the peace . Special prosecutor Toby Shook told CNN that he and his fellow prosecutor , Bill Wirskye , announced in court that they will go for a death sentence against Eric Williams . But they did not indicate Friday whether or not they 'll do the same with Kim Williams . "  We have n't made our final decision , " Shook said , adding that there 's no deadline to make such a call . This scenario , as inconclusive as it might be , jives with what Kim Williams ' lawyer told CNN on Thursday . Paul Johnson said then that he expected prosecutors to seek death for Eric Williams , but "  was not so sure " about what they would do regarding his client . County Sheriff David Byrnes has previously said the three killings stemmed from Eric Williams ' "  past legal problems with the criminal justice system of this county , " including a 2012 conviction on burglary and theft charges that led to his removal from office . His wife , Kim , has confessed to her involvement in the killings and implicated her husband as the trigger man , according to court papers . In Hasse 's death , Kim Williams was the getaway driver ; in the McLellands ' killings , she was a passenger , Byrnes has said . In both cases , Eric Williams fired the fatal shots , according to the sheriff . Both Williamses were arrested in April . Eric is also charged with making a terroristic threat , having been accused of using his home computer to threaten police investigating the McLellands ' killings , according to a sheriff 's affidavit . He is being held on $ 23 million bond , according to Kaufman County jail records . His wife -- who is seeking a divorce , her lawyer told CNN on Thursday -- is being held on $ 10 million bond . Shook -- who , with Wirskye , was sworn in as a special prosecutor in the murder case two days after the McLellands ' deaths -- said that the decision to seek the death penalty against one or both of the accused would not significantly impact their approach . "  We just look forward to preparing the case and trying it in front of the jury , " the special prosecutor said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	A Texas prosecutor was killed in January ; a district attorney , his wife slain 2 months later A former justice of the peace and his wife were indicted later for murder in the 3 deaths Prosecutors say in court that they will seek the death penalty against Eric Williams A prosecutor says no decision yet if they 'll do the same for Eric 's wife , Kim
Jaipur , India  CNN  -- How did buildings keep cool before the invention of air conditioning ? As architects consider how to reduce the energy demands of new builds , some are turning to the past for simple , low-tech solutions . At the height of summer , in the sweltering industrial suburbs of Jaipur , Rajasthan in north-west India , the Pearl Academy of Fashion remains 20 degrees cooler inside than out -- by drawing on Rajasthan 's ancient architecture . While the exterior appears very much in keeping with the trends of contemporary design , at the base of the building is a vast pool of water -- a cooling concept taken directly from the stepwell structures developed locally over 1,500 years ago to provide refuge from the desert heat . Award-winning architect Manit Rastogi , who designed the academy , explains that baoli -- the Hindi word for stepwell -- are bodies of water encased by a descending set of steps . "  When water evaporates in heat , it immediately brings down the temperature of the space around it , " he says . While traditional stepwells often go many stories below ground level , Rastogi 's go down just four meters . However , the effect is the same and -- like the ancient Mughal palaces before it -- the academy enjoys its own microclimate . Read more from Road to Rio : The slums of Mumbai : A model of urban sustainability ? Rastogi wonders : "  How did they think up something so elaborate and yet so simple in its basic philosophy ? "  How do you begin to think that you can dig into the ground and use the earth as a heat sink , have access to water , put a pavilion into it so that its comfortable through the year ? It takes a lot of technology for us to think up something that simple now . " But it 's not just the stepwells that are involved in this process of "  passive cooling " -- the general term applied to technologies or design features that cool buildings without power consumption . The whole building is raised above the ground on pillars , creating an airy and shaded pavilion that is used as a recreation and exhibition space . Here , according to Rastogi , the walls are made from a heat-absorbing material that creates a "  thermal bank " -- so the warmth is slowly released at night when the temperature drops . Centuries ago , latticed screens or "  jaali " filtered direct sunlight into the palaces . The effect was decorative and helped reduce the heat . Likewise at The Pearl Academy , a latticed concrete screen runs the length of the building and provides a cooling outer skin . "  We 've been able to demonstrate that good green building is not only cheaper to run ; it 's not only more comfortable to live in -- it 's also cheaper to build , " says Rastogi . The success of the academy 's eco-design has had an impact . Regulations -- based on these passive cooling techniques -- were introduced last year for all new Indian government buildings .	Architect has adapted India 's ancient stepwell architecture for a modern , sustainable building Pools of water at base create low-tech "  evaporative cooling " of surrounding area Academy protected from elements by a double skin , derived from traditional "  jaali " structure
CNN  -- Golf superstar Tiger Woods said Wednesday that he wishes ex-wife Elin Nordegren "  the best in everything " after their divorce , acknowledging that "  My actions led us to this decision . " "  I 've made a lot of errors in my life , and that 's something I 'm going to have to live with , " Woods said in Paramus , New Jersey , where he was practicing for The Barclays tournament , this weekend 's first round of playoffs for the FedEx Cup . Woods and Nordegren were officially divorced Monday , nine months after a Thanksgiving-weekend incident outside the couple 's home in Florida . It set in motion the crash of the golfer 's once tightly controlled image , ultimately leading to his admission that he had engaged in multiple extramarital affairs during his nearly six-year marriage . "  I wish her the best in everything . It was a sad time in our lives , " he said . But he added they were looking at how they could help their two young children , Sam and Charlie , "  the best we possibility can . " Under their settlement , Woods and Nordegren will share custody of their children . Woods was the youngest player to win all four of golf 's major tournaments in 2000 . But the 34-year-old has struggled since returning to the sport he has dominated for more than a decade . He said Wednesday that going through the divorce was "  a lot more difficult than I was letting on . " Nordegren , meanwhile , has told People magazine that she was blindsided by the breakup . In an interview scheduled for publication this week , she said , "  The word ` betrayal ' is n't strong enough . " "  I 've been through hell , " she said . "  It 's hard to think you have this life , and then all of a sudden -- was it a lie ? You 're struggling because it was n't real . But I survived . It was hard , but it did n't kill me . " Nordegren told the magazine that she is working on a psychology degree and that the interview will be her last . People is owned by Time Warner , the parent company of CNN .	Woods : "  I 've made a lot of errors in my life " The divorce follows November accident , infidelity revelations Woods says proceedings were "  a lot more difficult than I was letting on "
CNN  For the second time during his papacy , Pope Francis has announced a new group of bishops and archbishops set to become cardinals -- and they come from all over the world . Pope Francis said Sunday that he would hold a meeting of cardinals on February 14 "  during which I will name 15 new Cardinals who , coming from 13 countries from every continent , manifest the indissoluble links between the Church of Rome and the particular Churches present in the world , " according to Vatican Radio . New cardinals are always important because they set the tone in the church and also elect the next pope , CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John L. Allen said . They are sometimes referred to as the princes of the Catholic Church . The new cardinals come from countries such as Ethiopia , New Zealand and Myanmar . "  This is a pope who very much wants to reach out to people on the margins , and you clearly see that in this set , " Allen said . "  You 're talking about cardinals from typically overlooked places , like Cape Verde , the Pacific island of Tonga , Panama , Thailand , Uruguay . " But for the second time since Francis ' election , no Americans made the list . "  Francis ' pattern is very clear : He wants to go to the geographical peripheries rather than places that are already top-heavy with cardinals , " Allen said . Christopher Bellitto , a professor of church history at Kean University in New Jersey , noted that Francis announced his new slate of cardinals on the Catholic Feast of the Epiphany , which commemorates the visit of the Magi to Jesus ' birthplace in Bethlehem . "  On feast of three wise men from far away , the Pope 's choices for cardinal say that every local church deserves a place at the big table . " In other words , Francis wants a more decentralized church and wants to hear reform ideas from small communities that sit far from Catholicism 's power centers , Bellitto said . That does n't mean Francis is the first pontiff to appoint cardinals from the developing world , though . Beginning in the 1920s , an increasing number of Latin American churchmen were named cardinals , and in the 1960s , St. John XXIII , whom Francis canonized last year , appointed the first cardinals from Japan , the Philippines and Africa . In addition to the 15 new cardinals Francis named on Sunday , five retired archbishops and bishops will also be honored as cardinals . Last year , Pope Francis appointed 19 new cardinals , including bishops from Haiti and Burkina Faso . CNN 's Daniel Burke and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	The 15 new cardinals will be installed on February 14 They come from countries such as Myanmar and Tonga No Americans made the list this time or the previous time in Francis ' papacy
London , England  CNN  -- A British judge opened a detailed investigation Monday into the killing of 52 people in suicide bombings on London underground trains and a bus on July 7 , 2005 . Justice Heather Hallett is probing whether the secret service or police could have prevented the attacks , which were carried out by British-born bombers backed by al Qaeda . It 's not clear whether MI5 officials will testify in public or in private . Hallett said Monday she had not decided whether it was within her powers or in the interests of justice to hold closed-door hearings . Five potential witnesses have requested anonymity , she said . She is expected to spend about six months on the investigation , which will also examine the emergency services ' response to the blasts that threw London into chaos during the morning rush hour . She will probe whether emergency responders were influenced by the fear of secondary explosions , and sophisticated computer models will show what injuries victims would have suffered based on where they were sitting in relation to the bombs . The investigation will hear from relatives of the victims , survivors , London Underground staff , police , and emergency services personnel . The probe -- known formally as a coroner 's inquest -- follows criminal and parliamentary investigations , and could not begin until the police investigation was complete . Two of the bombers , including ringleader Mohammed Sidique Khan , were trailed by security services for a year before the attacks , according to a report released last year by the Parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee  ISC  . Entitled "  Could 7/7 have been prevented ? " the report said that domestic intelligence service MI5 considered Khan a "  small time fraudster " and "  minor criminal " and did not link him to potential attacks within the U.K. at that time . John Reid , the home secretary at the time of the attacks , said the four bombers -- three British males of Pakistani descent and a Jamaican-born man -- were young "  radicalized " Muslims whose motivation was "  fierce antagonism to perceived injustices by the West against Muslims " and a desire to become martyrs . CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	The inquiry will look into the emergency services ' response 52 people died in suicide bombings on London Underground trains and a bus Justice Heather Hallett will spend about six months on the investigation
CNN  -- Mention the Italian city of Florence , and people think of history , conjuring images of a classical city that was once Europe 's Renaissance capital . In truth , the structure of the city has changed little since the 15th century when Michelangelo , Botticelli and the other great painters and sculptors of the era paraded through its piazzas . But what 's it like to explore these ancient streets using the tools of the 21st century ? Is it possible to survive in Florence and see it properly armed with just a smartphone ? This was the challenge I set myself when visiting the city . No guides or guidebooks . Nothing written down at all , and definitely no help from a friendly local . Getting there Traveling to Florence using technology is easy . New high-speed rail company Italo has an app and e-booking service . All I need is my phone and booking code to take my seat for the 180 mph  290 kph  journey from Turin . Accommodation is a breeze , too . Florence is one of more than a dozen Italian cities covered by last-minute room booking app Hotel Tonight . The app suggests a couple of places in the humdrum neighborhood near the city 's station , but also a riverside artisan workshop turned boutique hotel , Riva Lofts  Via Baccio Bandinelli 98 , Florence ; +39 055 7130272  . A couple of swipes later the room is mine , for $ 210 . When I get there , all rooms in the cheapest category are gone . I get an upgrade to a two-floor suite , with kitchen , bathroom and a floating staircase up to a loft room beneath the original workshop ceiling . So far , so good . A quick check of another hotel reservation app suggests I 've saved nearly $ 70 on my booking . ` Upside-down palace ' Like all big European cities , Florence has its share of apps that translate the tried-and-tested format of a paper guidebook onto a screen . Among the best is Too Much Florence , available free for both Android and Apple phones . I appreciate the app 's eye for the offbeat . It leads me to Piazza del Limbo , a sad little square close to the Santi Apostoli church . The square earned its name during the medieval period , when children who died unbaptized were buried here . The same app also takes me to the extravagant "  upside-down palace " of Borgo Ognissanti . The Palazzo Baldovinetti was supposedly decorated with an inverted facade during the 16th century , to thwart the building regulations of a Medici duke . Untappd is n't supposed to be a travel app , but it 's exactly the tool you need to find a decent pint anywhere in the world , even here in the heart of wine country . It points me to Beer House Club  Corso Tintori 34r , Florence ; +39 055 2476763  , a modern bar with neon , foosball , snacks and 10 pumps of artisan beers , including their own brews made in the neighboring city of Prato . Thanks to my four-inch screen , I 'm enriched , fed and watered . Sightseeing seems easier than ever . In fact , tech-friendly travel logistics get ever easier , even in the heart of "  old Europe . " When I 'm due to meet my family for an onward trip to Naples , a quick search on Trenitalia 's Pronto Treno app tells me their train is running 10 minutes late . I do n't need to rush in vain . The app even seemed to know their platform before the arrivals board did .  It was wrong , however . No spare change for Florence 's new tram ? No problem : a text message to 488-0105 and an SMS comes right back to me , the fare deducted from my prepaid phone account . When on roam It 's not all plain surfing . Mobile phone battery technology has n't kept speed with the power-hungry HD screens and super-quick quad-core processors inside modern smartphones . On both mornings I set out with a fully charged battery . On neither day did my phone last beyond 3 p.m. . The situation with data is perhaps even worse . In 36 hours , I consumed more than 180 megabytes . Seeing Florence from the small screen would have been prohibitively expensive if I was being billed by the megabyte . Roaming charges for travelers originating within the European Union will likely be phased out by late 2015 , but that offers no comfort to many visitors , especially with arrivals from China and the rest of Asia growing rapidly . Ubiquitous free Wi-Fi would help . In April , Rome 's Fiumicino airport announced it was rolling out free Wi-Fi to all passengers , but for truly wireless travel , connectivity needs to go beyond the gates of the airport parking lot . Of course , none of that is Florence 's fault . Behind its medieval walls and ancient traditions , the city is getting ready for a new generation of visitors -- and their gadgets , too . Donald Strachan is a food and travel journalist and co-author of "  Frommer 's EasyGuide to Rome , Florence and Venice 2014 . "	Is it possible to visit Florence , Italy , and see it properly with just a smartphone ? Travel and accommodation bookings are easy thanks to train and hotel apps Relying on phones instead of guidebooks can be costly due to data roaming charges
Entertainment Weekly  -- The Disney family film update , "  Race to Witch Mountain , " won the weekend box office in fine fashion , grossing $ 25 million according to Sunday 's estimates from Media by Numbers . "  Race to Witch Mountain " won the weekend box office in fine fashion , grossing $ 25 million . That 's the second best opening ever for a movie fronted by Dwayne Johnson alone , trailing only the first feature that starred the artist formerly known as The Rock , "  The Scorpion King , " which banked $ 36.1 million in its 2002 debut . "  Race to Witch Mountain 's " take was in line with expectations and garnered an okay CinemaScore grade of B + from an audience that was 60 percent female . It should stay strong at the box office at least until "  Monsters vs. Aliens " opens in two weeks . Also in "  Race to Witch Mountain 's " favor : weak competition from reigning champ "  Watchmen "  No. 2  , which dropped a hefty 67 percent from its big opening last weekend to gross $ 18.1 million . Zack Snyder 's adaptation of Alan Moore 's landmark superhero saga is clearly slowing down , although it has grossed $ 86 million in 10 days . Freshman fright flick "  The Last House on the Left " was next at No. 3 , with an anticipated $ 14.7 million . That 's a decent sum for a horror movie that had the added benefit of opening on "  Friday the 13th ; " indeed , it 's in line with what most scary remakes tend to bring in on their first weekends . Thus , you can expect this film  which got a so-so B CinemaScore review  to fall off the map after this frame , since that 's also what most horror movies do . "  Taken "  No. 4 with $ 6.7 million  remained in the top five well into its second month at the multiplex . Tyler Perry 's "  Madea Goes to Jail " came in at No. 5 with $ 5.1 million . And the weekend 's other new wide release , the Playboy-centric comedy "  Miss March , " grossed an unsexy $ 2.3 million way down at No. 10 . Meanwhile , the limited indie release "  Sunshine Cleaning , " starring Emily Blunt and Amy Adams , scored the highest opening-weekend per-theater average thus far in 2009 , dusting up a stellar average of $ 53,500 in four theaters in New York and Los Angeles . Overall , the box office was a little on the sluggish side , dropping nearly 17 percent from the same frame a year ago , when "  Dr. Seuss ' Horton Hears a Who ! " was the big winner . Still , this is just the first "  down " weekend in more than a month , which is comforting . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This is the second best opening ever for a movie fronted by Dwayne Johnson "  Watchmen " dropped a hefty 67 percent from its big opening last weekend "  The Last House on the Left " came in at No. 3 with an anticipated $ 14.7 million See what other movies made the box office top 10
CNN  -- Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck has been forced to pull out of this year 's Tour de France due to injuries he suffered in a warm-up race , he confirmed Wednesday . It is a bitter blow for the 27-year-old , who was recently crowned the 2010 champion of cycling 's most famous race following the disqualification of Alberto Contador of Spain for doping offenses . RadioShack 's Schleck was among the favorites for the 98th edition , which will start from Liege in Belgium on June 30 , but a fractured pelvis has put paid to his hopes . He sustained the injury when he crashed during the 53km time trial stage of the Criterium du Dauphine last Thursday , caught by a ferocious gust of wind . "  It is the biggest disappointment of my career . I would rather have finished last on the Tour than not be able to participate at all , " Schleck told a press conference in Luxembourg . "  I will need to be back to 100 percent before I can start riding again . I hope to be at the Olympics , " he added . It completes a miserable 2012 for Schleck , who has been forced to abandon preparatory stage races such as Paris-Nice , the Tour of Catalunya and the Dauphine through a mixture of injury and illness . But he had hoped to attend a final training camp in the Pyrenees mountains until hospital scans revealed the full extent of his injuries . His brother Franck , who finished third in last year 's Tour de France , will now spearhead the RadioShack effort at this year 's race . Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins , who has won the Paris Nice and Criterium du Dauphine this season , will start the three-week race as favorite . He will be bidding to become the first British rider to win the Tour while Australia 's Cadel Evans will be defending his title . Contador , given a retrospective two-year ban which ends after this year 's Tour de France , is set to make his return at the Tour of Spain where Andy Schleck hopes to compete . In other cycling news Wednesday , David Millar has been named in the Great Britain squad for the road race at the London Olympics . Millar served a two-year ban from 2004-2006 for a doping offense and under a then British Olympic Association bye-law was banned for life from Olympic competition . But the Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned that ruling in April , allowing Millar to be selected . Millar has been named in a long-list of eight riders which will be whittled down to five before the Games .	Andy Schleck pulls out of this year 's Tour de France through injuruy Luxembourg 's Schleck injured in a crash in a warm-up race RadioShack rider awarded 2010 race after Alberto Contador disqualified David Millar named in British squad for Olympic road race
CNN  The first official visit of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to Washington comes as excitement mounts over the possibility that direct peace negotiations between the Afghan government and the Taliban are imminent . The visit , which began Sunday , offers the opportunity for discussion and progress on a number of fronts , the coming face-to-face talks with the Taliban almost certainly among them . But while the start of such talks would certainly be a positive development , it would hardly be a sign that peace is about to descend upon a land ravaged by decades of war . The reality is that an agreement with the Taliban that is good for the Afghan government is probably impossible right now . Negotiations to end the Taliban insurgency face a series of significant challenges , and an imperfect deal could harm Afghanistan 's nascent unity government , encourage the formation of splinter groups of hardened fighters , boost existing terrorist groups like al Qaeda and ISIS and plunge the country into an era of renewed violence and instability . That said , the United States should remain broadly supportive of these talks by promoting conditions that could make the possibility of success more likely down the road -- history has shown that successful negotiations most often occur when each party has some vulnerability to the other . Militarily , the Taliban is not the Afghan government 's equal , but that does not mean the insurgents lack a strong negotiating position . For a start , the international presence in Afghanistan is declining , freeing the Taliban to operate more openly in the rural corners of the country . Meanwhile , Afghan security forces are being killed at rates that are probably not sustainable and civilian casualties are at an all-time high . Most troublingly , the new national unity government has yet to clearly demonstrate its ability to govern . All this means that until the new government shows that the diverse interests within it can coexist , and it articulates a cohesive strategy to counter the Taliban , the insurgents can make a strong case for postponing peace in the hopes of a better situation in the future . A second key to negotiating a path toward peace in Afghanistan is devising a strategy to contain splinter groups . Often in the course of negotiations , those unsatisfied with the peace process flock to new organizations to continue the fight . These can include so-called "  bitter enders , " hardened fighters who want no part of peace . The emergence of splinter groups is an expected part of any peace negotiation process , but it must be minimized for an agreement to take hold . In the case of Afghanistan , there is no shortage of groups willing to absorb fighters , from outlaw bandit groups to al Qaeda . Recently , as Ghani has highlighted , there have even been stories of fighters declaring allegiance to terrorist group ISIS . It goes without saying that the spread of ISIS 's particularly violent form of extremism within Afghanistan would make an already complex and precarious security situation all the more so . Finally , negotiations must happen at a time when a peace agreement can reasonably be enforced -- it is one thing to craft a compromise and quite another to carry it out . Too often in peace negotiations , an agreement is viewed as a finish line , but any deal can easily be derailed by unpopular political accommodations , economic incentives and rebel fighters who refuse to drop their arms . To take hold , peace agreements require a legitimate and effective government capable of communicating new realities to the public and executing policies that are often untried and complex . At the moment , the Afghan government is struggling to carry out existing policies , while juggling the country 's many divergent interests . While a peace agreement would certainly boost the legitimacy of a national unity government , a stillborn accord would only lead to disillusionment and doubt . Ultimately , the chances that talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban will succeed are remote at best . Yet the United States should do everything it can to help create the underlying conditions to support productive negotiations -- if not now , at some point in the future . What can the U.S. do ? Two things : First , the Obama administration could agree to the Afghan government 's request to slow American troop withdrawals . This would allow the United States to assist the Afghan government to stabilize the country and contain any splintering anti-government factions . Second , the U.S. could remain actively engaged in promoting the success of the Afghan national unity government . This means not merely maintaining existing development and economic efforts , but finding opportunities to assist the new government to boost its legitimacy . For example , the United States could support emerging efforts to build a meaningful relationship between Afghanistan and its neighbor Pakistan , which would increase public confidence in the government 's ability to protect its people . It also could lend a hand advising political leaders , including the many first-time cabinet officials , on governance and public service . Sowing the seeds of future success in bringing peace to Afghanistan requires no new U.S. boots on the ground or extravagant financial commitments . Rather , it takes a willingness to continue to engage with Afghanistan 's dynamic set of political challenges in small , but meaningful ways .	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani is visiting the United States Rebecca Zimmerman : U.S. does n't need more boots on ground
CNN  -- Law enforcement officials in southern California searched urgently Wednesday for a 3-year-old boy who was kidnapped at gunpoint during a weekend home invasion . Briant Rodriguez , 3 , was taken by armed men during a home invasion in San Bernardino , Caifornia , police say . Two men broke into a house in the San Bernardino area on Sunday and tied up the boy , Briant Rodriguez , his mother and other siblings . They ransacked the house and fled with the boy , authorities said . One of the children freed himself and untied the rest of the family , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . The boy 's father was at work at the time , KTLA said . An Amber Alert was issued late Sunday . Sheriff 's deputies in San Bernardino County released composite sketches of the suspects during a news conference on Tuesday . Watch how the boy was taken at gunpoint " Sheriff 's officials said they placed the boy 's picture on billboards along the U.S.-Mexican border and have followed up on half of 80 or so leads from the Amber Alert tip-line . Federal , state and local authorities are working the investigation , which is sparing no expense , Sgt. Doug Hubbard . said . "  Every type of known technology is working on this case , " he added . Officials said the kidnappers have not contacted authorities or the parents . At the news conference , the boy 's mother , Maria Millan , held her son 's T-shirt and begged that he be released . "  My son , my son , my pretty son , " she said . Millan said she told the kidnappers "  I do n't owe you a thing " and has said she did n't know the men . There has been speculation that the boy 's abduction was a case of mistaken identity or carried out by people involved with organized crime . Authorities say they have found no motive in the case , and they are not ruling out any possibility . They said the parents are not suspects . Hubbard , the sheriff 's department 's lead investigator in the case , said "  the family obviously has been very distraught . " "  Every second that goes by for us is critical , " Hubbard said of the round-the-clock and robust investigation . He also added that in his 20-year career he has never experienced a case where a home-invasion robbery resulted in a kidnapping . Briant is described in the Amber Alert as a Hispanic male who was last seen wearing a yellow shirt with blue sleeves and blue-striped shorts with two different colors of blue . The boy 's hair is longer than shoulder length . Both suspected kidnappers are Hispanic males -- one 5-feet , 5 inches tall , between the ages of 18 and 20 with a thin build , unknown hair and eye color , last seen wearing a black baseball hat , blue jeans and green T-shirt . The other is 5-foot-10 , around age 24 with a thin build , black boots , a black shirt and a bandanna .	Police say the boy 's abductors have n't contacted his family Briant Rodriguez taken during home invasion in San Bernardino , California Authorities have posted billboards along U.S.-Mexico border
CNN  -- At least 12 people were killed in violent clashes between Yemeni troops and militants secessionists in the southern Yemeni province of Dhaleh on Tuesday , two Defense Ministry officials told CNN . Among those killed were six troops and six militants . A top army colonel was among the government troops killed . The Defense Ministry issued a statement in which it said that 14 soldiers were kidnapped by the secessionists . The ministry described the incident as a sabotage attack against a military supply truck . Residents told CNN that artillery shelling started in the morning hours and continued until the evening . "  Bullets have entered through our home windows , " said Saber Jamal , a resident in Dhaleh province . A ministry official said that clashes with the militants took place in four different fronts in the province . In January , the military shelled a funeral tent , allegedly by mistake , killing more than a dozen separatist supporters in Dhaleh . Clashes in the province have taken place on numerous occasions since , killing more than 30 over the past month . Earlier this month , the international community hailed Yemen 's successes in the National Dialogue Conference , which aims to mainly solve the worries of southerners . The dialogue was launched one month after President Abdurabu Hadi came to power in 2012 . Hadi took office as part of a internationally supported political deal that led to the ouster of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who departed a year after mass protests broke out . But secessionists say NDC resolutions have failed to address the southern issue in a manner conducive to trust . Political experts say that implementation of dialogue resolutions would need patience from all political sides . "  Security is tense and factions who stand against reforms in Yemen will attempt to spread chaos and destabilize the country , said Nabil al-Khamery , a senior Yemeni politician , told CNN . "  Political factions need to support the government and the transitional president Abdurabu Hadi as Yemen passes through this critical time , " he added	Ministry official : Clashes happened in four places in southern province of Dhaleh Ministry says 14 soldiers captured Resident : Bullets entered my home Numerous clashes have followed military 's shelling of funeral tent in January
OSAKA , Japan -- Tyson Gay sprinted into the history books on Thursday as he completed the rare world 100-200 meters double in emphatic fashion in Osaka , Japan . Gay crosses the line ahead of Jamaican Usain Bolt to complete a rare men 's sprint double in Osaka . The American charged to 200m victory in a championship record 19.76 seconds , pulling away from Jamaica 's Usain Bolt with team-mate Wallace Spearmon taking bronze . Bolt was away quickest but Gay took him on the bend before accelerating down the straight to win with room to spare . Bolt timed 19.91 and Spearmon 20.05 . Gay , who won the 100m on Sunday , becomes only the third athlete to hold both sprint titles after Maurice Greene in 1999 and Justin Gatlin two years ago . It was a remarkable achievement by the season 's outstanding athlete , who went into the 200m competition just 36 hours after winning his 100m showdown with Asafa Powell . Gay has competed on five of the championships ' first six days and had complained of fatigue and a left hamstring twinge . The Kentucky-born 25-year-old finished an agonising fourth behind three US team-mates in 2005 . But he has been sensational this season , blasting to the fastest sprint combination in history after timing 9.84 and 19.62 within two days of each other in June . The 200m time was the second quickest ever seen , 0.3 shy of Michael Johnson 's 1996 record . Gay was embraced at the finish line by Bolt , who was celebrating his first world championships medal . Gay said | : "  Oh , it feels so great . But I am still tired . Maurice Greene is one of my idols and I am proud to do the double like him . "  Usain Bolt came out so fast and I had to work hard to catch him . I should be thankful to him to make this such a fast race . "  I stayed relaxed -- also about the hamstring -- and kept pumping , " he said . "  I felt the twinge in the warm-up , but during the race it was fine . The 200m was just about believing in God that he would give me the strength . "  I have two golds and I want the third in relay . I beat the meet record of Michael Johnson and that is great feeling because he is also one of my idols . " Bolt , the Jamaican record-holder , has a history of injury problems , going out in the Athens Olympics heats and missing the Commonwealth Games with a muscle problem . He suffered cramp in the 2005 final and finished dead last . "  I tried hard , but for the moment he is unbeatable . I 'm proud of myself to get the silver for Jamaica . Hey , I 'm one of the best in the world , that is not small , " said Bolt . Bronze medallist Spearmon , 22 , was runner-up behind Gatlin in 2005 and last year ran 19.65 , the fourth fastest 200m ever seen . Gay and Spearmon 's coach , Lance Brauman , was released from prison on Tuesday after serving a year for embezzlement and mail fraud . Long jumper Irving Saladino claimed Panama 's first ever world championships gold with a dramatic final leap . Saladino , the hot favourite , led all the way until Italy 's Andrew Howe appeared to snatch gold with 8.47 metres in the final round . But the Panamanian responded with a mighty 8.57 to remain unbeaten this season . America 's two-time defending champion and Olympic title-holder Dwight Phillips took bronze with his best effort of 8.30 . Phillips , competing under the watchful eye of US great Carl Lewis , had not been beaten in a major championships since the 2001 worlds in Edmonton . South American record holder Saladino has now won 23 of 25 competitions since finishing sixth at the Helsinki world championships in 2005 . The long jump provided one of the world championships ' best known moments when Mike Powell 's 8.95 broke Bob Beamon 's 23-year-old record in Tokyo in 1991 . E-mail to a friend	Tyson Gay completes a sprint double at the world championships in Osaka He wins the 200 meters in a championship record 19.76 seconds Irving Saladino of Panama wins the long jump with 8.57 meters
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's punch lines targeted a diverse group Saturday -- from teen sensations the Jonas Brothers to comedian Jay Leno , whom he described as the only person with worse ratings than his . "  Jonas Brothers are here tonight , " the president said at the annual White House Correspondents ' dinner . Daughters "  Sasha and Malia are huge fans . But boys , do n't get any ideas . Two words : predator drones . " Obama said he was happy to address the crowd before Leno , who headlined the annual event . "  Glad to see the only person whose ratings fell more than mine last year . ... I 'm also glad that I 'm speaking first , " he said . "  We 've seen what happens when someone takes the time slot after Leno , " the president added , referring to comedian Conan O'Brien leaving NBC after an unsuccessful stint hosting "  The Tonight Show . " Members of the Obama administration , including Vice President Joe Biden and chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , were not safe from the zingers either . Former rivals and volatile current issues were also part of the stand-up . The president noted that Arizona Sen. John McCain did not identify himself as a maverick this year -- a title he frequently touted when he was running for presidency against Obama . "  And we all know what happens in Arizona when you do n't have an ID . ... Adios amigos , " Obama said . The president 's quip referred to a new immigration law requiring officers in the state to question people about their immigration status if they think they 're in the country illegally . Arizona is McCain 's home state . Leno also took a dig at the Arizona law . "  I got stuck behind the Arizona congressional delegation -- luckily all their papers were in order so I did n't have any trouble getting in , " the comedian said while describing the event 's tight security . On the president , Leno said he 's not as antisocial as some critics accuse him of being . "  He loves to socialize ... health care , car companies , things of that nature , " Leno said . The first White House Correspondents ' Association dinner was held in 1920 to boost communication between the press and the president , according to the association 's website . It was open only to men until 1962 , when President John F. Kennedy said he would not attend unless women were invited . Saturday 's glitzy event featured various big names , including lawmakers , celebrities and journalists .	Celebrities from journalism , politics and showbiz gather at annual dinner Obama kids Jay Leno about their shared problem -- sinking ratings Both gets in digs at new Arizona immigration law
CNN  -- The trains that crashed on the Washington Metro depended on a 33-year-old automated control system widely used in cities across the United States , according to the American Public Transportation Association . Investigators work at the site where a D.C. Metro train crashed into the rear of another train . But public transit officials say a crash like the one in Washington is unlikely to happen in other cities that rely on a similar automated system , including Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; San Francisco , California ; Boston , Massachusetts ; Miami , Florida ; and Atlanta , Georgia . San Francisco , California 's Bay Area Rapid Transit is the only other rail system that uses as much automation as Washington 's , association officials said . Transit officials across the country are reassuring passengers who use the subway and light-rail systems in other major cities that the computerized system is safe and is less prone to human error . "  Public transportation is one of the safest ways to travel and what happened in Washington is rare , " said Virginia Miller , a spokeswoman at the American Public Transportation Association . Investigators still do n't know the cause of Monday 's deadly Washington crash , but National Transportation Safety Board officials are looking into why the computerized emergency system failed to prevent the accident . About 5 p.m. Monday , two trains crashed on the packed Red Line near Tacoma Park , Maryland . The accident , the deadliest crash in the Metro 's 33-year history , killed nine and injured at least 76 others . Washington 's rapid transit system , known as the Metro , is the second-busiest urban rail system in the country following the New York City Transit 's subway system , according to the transportation association . Both trains in the Metro crash were being operated on automatic mode , which meant the computerized system was supposed to determine if conditions on the track were safe for travel . Metro trains are operated on automatic mode during rush hour . The Washington Metro has used the automated system since its inception in 1976 . Similar automated systems have existed in rapid-rail systems in various cities across the United States and abroad for more than 30 years . The idea of an automated train control system has n't changed much , but the hardware and technology in the control rooms have been improved . "  It fundamentally works , " said Louis Sanders , chief engineer at the transportation association . "  It 's a very efficient system . Just because it was designed 30 years ago does n't mean it 's not a good system . " There is no federal agency that mandates technology standards for rapid transit systems . The standards are regulated by local jurisdictions . In an automated system , a control room houses electronics that regulate the movement of trains . The control rooms send electronic signals to sensor-like devices located between the train tracks . When a train crosses over one of these devices , the device relays critical information to the train 's lead car , telling the train when to slow down , speed up and stop . When trains are running on automatic mode , the operator 's main task is to open and close the train doors . "  The design of the system is set up to keep trains separated , to have positive separation between trains , to control speeds , to give them speed information . And so what we 're trying to figure out is what happened in this accident , " National Transportation Safety Board member Debbie Hersman told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . The automated system includes safeguards for the train operator , including an emergency , or mushroom-shaped , brake which can be applied when the train is running both in manual and automatic mode . NTSB officials say the train operator appeared to hit the "  mushroom " brake before the crash . On Wednesday , however , NTSB investigators discovered "  anomalies " in an essential control circuit on a section of track where the accident occurred . Hersman said the circuits are "  vital providing information to the operators and the train itself when on automatic . " NTSB officials would n't elaborate on the "  anomalies . " A full NTSB report of the investigation wo n't be released until six to 18 months from now , but officials said they will simulate crash tests to determine what caused the accident . Until the report is released , transit authorities say they wo n't be likely to know what improvements or changes need to be made in other urban rail systems . Last year , a commuter rail crash in Los Angeles , California , that killed 25 people prompted federal and state officials to aggressively upgrade safety systems on inter-city railways and commuter rails across the country . Metro trains in Washington are being operated manually by train operators until further notice , according to the Washington Metropolitan Transit Authority . In a manual system , the train operator has full control of the train 's starts , stops and speed . The operator must drive within speed parameters set by the signals , or the train will shut down . The Metro 's only other fatal crash occurred in January 1982 when three people died as a result of a derailment between the Federal Triangle and Smithsonian stations , according to Metro officials . Data from the National Safety Council in 2008 shows drivers on roads are 14 times more likely to end up in a fatal accident than people who ride public transit . Officials in other cities that rely on automated rapid-transit systems similar to Washington 's Metro say they believe their trains are safe . Noelle Gaffney , a spokeswoman for the Chicago Transit Authority , said the automated system has worked for passengers in that Illinois city , citing no major accidents in recent years . She said the Chicago system , which is the third busiest system in the United States , has operators on board each train . "  The automatic system we use works for us , so we 're not going to look at new technology that does n't prove to be cost effective , " she said . In Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , officials at the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority reassured passengers through the media that their automatic system , though similar to Washington 's , is safe and has back-up emergency brakes . Jeffrey Knueppel , assistant general manager and chief engineer at the Pennsylvania authority , said the agency spent more than $ 200 million over the last decade to ensure the "  signal and control systems are as modern and safe as they can be . " Andrew Busch , a spokesman at the authority , said he has n't heard any passenger concerns about safety or made any changes with how their trains operate since Monday 's Metro crash . "  We 're confident in our system as it is now , " Busch said .	The Washington Metro has used an automated train control system since 1976 Philadelphia , San Francisco , Boston and Atlanta also use a similar system American Public Transportation Association : "  What happened in Washington is rare " Investigators found a problem in one of the track circuits that relay data to trains
Rita Taylor 's heart used to break every time she put her two young daughters to bed . For five years , Taylor and her children were homeless , sometimes sleeping in abandoned houses or cars . When they finally moved into a home of their own , they had nothing to put in it , and Taylor 's girls were sleeping on the floor . "  As a mother , I felt like I let my kids down , and that bothered me , " Taylor said . "  I felt like I was failing my kids . " When a friend referred Taylor to an organization called A Wider Circle , all that changed . The D.C.-area nonprofit helps furnish the homes of impoverished families -- for free . "  There 's no stability and there 's no dignity when you live in apartments that have nothing in them , " said Mark Bergel , the organization 's founder . Since 2001 , Bergel and his group have assisted more than 125,000 people throughout Washington by providing furniture , household goods and life skills workshops . Thanks to A Wider Circle , Taylor now tucks her daughters , Genora , 7 , and Anna , 1 , into beds of their own each night . Genora has a desk where she does her homework , and the girls have a cabinet full of books for Taylor to read to them . "  Once we get their homes furnished they have a chance to just take a breath and start to create a different life , " said Bergel , 51 . Despair in the shadows Behind the stately monuments and pristine Capitol Hill , Washington is plagued by hardship and despair . More than 18 % of the city 's residents live in poverty . Bergel witnessed the need firsthand 13 years ago as a volunteer distributing food to families around the city . "  Most apartments had nothing but a chair . People were storing their clothes in plastic garbage bags . There was nowhere for them to eat their meals . There was nothing that would give these people a sense of hope , a sense of dignity , " he said . Today , Bergel 's group operates two warehouses stocked with furniture , linens , clothing and toys , where families can pick out the items they need . "  We can be a family again , have a home again , come together again , " Taylor said . "  Now my kids can pursue their dreams , their goals . " From poverty to possibility For families like Taylor 's , A Wider Circle also provides long-term assistance through workshops on topics such as job readiness , financial planning and nutrition . "  Most people are in poverty because they were born into it , " Bergel said . "  The best way for them to get out of poverty is through support . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes The group 's Well Mother , Well Baby program helps low-income teen mothers learn about newborn care , positive parenting and financial management . They are also paired with mentors . In addition , the program equips new mothers with cribs , changing tables , strollers and other items to help them raise healthy children . "  My goal is to help people find the hope that was missing in their lives , and to see the opportunities that are before them , " Bergel said . The power of a bed For Bergel , it 's personal . After donating his bed to A Wider Circle six years ago , he has slept most nights on his couch . He vows to sleep without a bed until every person in the United States has one of their own . "  I 'm able to tell the hundreds of people who reach out to us for assistance each day -- and have been sleeping on the bare floor for years -- that I know how hard it is and mean it , " he said . Bergel would like to expand his services nationwide and says he wo n't feel satisfied until his group has helped all families in need . He works 15-hour days , seven days a week . "  I want to help create the change that will enable people to rise out of poverty and enjoy the freedom and independence afforded to others , " he said . "  Poverty is a human problem , and human beings will solve it . " Want to get involved ? Check out the A Wider Circle website at www.awidercircle.org and see how to help .	For five years , Rita Taylor and her two daughters were homeless A friend referred Taylor to A Wider Circle , a D.C.-area nonprofit Mark Bergel founded A Wider Circle , which provides furniture and household goods Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The young man wanted in the vandalism of a Picasso masterpiece at a Houston museum has been identified and charged , authorities said Friday . Uriel Landeros , 22 , was captured on a cell phone video spray painting a bull and the word "  Conquista " in gold onto Pablo Picasso 's "  Woman in a Red Armchair , " Houston Crime Stoppers said in a statement . "  Conquista " is Spanish for "  conquest . " The video was uploaded to YouTube , and a Crime Stoppers tip identified Landeros , the statement said . Landeros , who has not been apprehended , is a University of Houston student known to spend time at a local art studio , said Harris County Assistant District Attorney John Lewis . Landeros was charged with criminal mischief and felony graffiti , both third-degree felonies , Lewis said . Warrants have been issued for his arrest . The student has numerous ties to the Houston area and investigators suspect he is still in the area , Lewis told CNN . Earlier this week , a museum spokeswoman said the 1929 painting was expected to hang again soon . "  The painting went directly to the on-site conservation lab down the hall , " said museum spokeswoman Gretchen Sammons . "  The damage is being undone and the prognosis is excellent . " Menil Collection Director Josef Helfenstein called it an "  unfortunate incident . " "  It threatened the public 's ability to enjoy a wonderful painting and violated the bonds of trust that enable museums to share great works with their visitors , " Helfenstein said . Vandalized Picasso ready to hang again Viral vigilantism , Tony Hawk style CNN 's Alan Duke and Melissa Abbey contributed to this report .	Suspect identified in vandalism of Picasso painting in Houston He has not been found , assistant district attorney says Museum officials expect the painting to hang again
While traditionally hotels offering "  day rates " conjure up seedy , by-the-hour hovels reserved exclusively for illicit trysts , the last couple of years have seen a rash of upmarket accommodations adopting the practice . According to many in the hospitality industry , day-rate rooms are more likely to be used for business and tourism purposes than they are romantic ones . Just behind world-famous department store Harrods sits one of London 's most exclusive hotels . The Beaufort may be the only accommodation in the city with unlimited complimentary cream tea and an open bar  guests can guzzle all the champagne they can muster , free of charge  . It can afford these amenities because the room rates start at # 170  $ 270  per night . "  The Beaufort is actually a very exclusive boutique hotel , " explains Nassar Khalil , the director of sales and marketing . "  We cater to a unique set of people because our price bracket is such . It 's not just for any Jack and Jill . " And it 's not the type of place you 'd expect would offer discounted day rates . Yet it is one of hundreds of high-end hotels that have started doing so in the last year . Khalil reckons that since implementing these mini-stays , The Beaufort has seen a 10 % increase in occupancy . "  Most of the time , it 's for business guests , " says Khalil . "  Many of them might have an early meeting , and they want a place to get themselves ready and have a shower . "  Others have a late flight , and they want some place to leave their bag , and maybe have a drink at the bar or have some tea before heading to the airport . " See also : Airports ' tiniest sleep spaces The boutique Town Hall Hotel , also in London , has also seen an increase in its revenue after partnering with dayuse-hotels . com , an online reservation service that lists day rates offered by high-end hotels . Michael Benjamins , the senior sales manager at the Town Hall Hotel , estimates that in the year since they started taking day bookings they 've generated an extra # 10,000  $ 15,880  in revenue . "  Usually , between 11am and 5pm our guestrooms are empty , " explains Benjamins . "  Now , if we have one guest that wants to come for the day , and another who has a late check-in , we can use that room twice , " he adds . If the hotel was situated closer to an airport , Benjamins reckons that the hotel 's revenue would be substantially higher due to the demand from business travelers . Dayuse-hotels . com was the brainchild of David Lebée and Thibaud d'Agrèves , both of whom worked at the Hotel L'Amour in Paris . The hotel is particularly popular with touring artists and musicians . Often , the guests would ask about renting a room for a few hours , just for a place to relax before a performance . Lebée and d'Agrèves recognised that there was a gap in the market , and the idea for dayuse-hotels was born . Though originally it was strictly a Parisian company , dayuse-hotels . com has since become global , and today is partnered with 350 hotels in nine different countries , including the four-star Flatiron Hotel in New York , and the designer Hotel the Gray in Milan . While d'Agrèves purports that many of the site 's users are indeed interested in the rooms for business reasons , the layout of the homepage says otherwise . Categories at the bottom include "  affair , " "  infidelity , " "  cheating , " "  love hotel , " and -- for the narcoleptic -- "  nap . " "  In Paris , it is more used for romantic reasons , " admits d'Agrèves . "  It 's just a much more touristic city ; people do n't visit Paris for business . "  In London and New York , it 's different . Because our economy is so terrible , you 'll see French businessmen coming to London for the day just to open a bank account . They need a room just for chilling , a rest , and a quick nap . Then they take the train back to Paris . " D'Agrèves sees the trend expanding , especially as dayuse-hotels . com is working on rolling out themed packages designed to pull in a more specialised clientele . Examples include fitness - or gastronomy-themed bundles that will lure in foodies and health gurus , and could ultimately transform the way day rates are perceived . Benjamins notes that while day rates have become more mainstream , they are not new to the luxury hotel market . "  There 's always been a demand for it , but hotels have kept it really quiet , " he notes . He 's delighted that dayuse-hotels . com has created a platform for high-end day rates . "  It 's given us an incremental revenue we would not have otherwise have , " he says . "  You ca n't say no to that , especially in this economy . "	Top hotels such as The Beaufort in London have started offering rooms for a few hours Day rooms not just for illicit trysts Business travelers preparing for meetings drive demand for "  day rates "
CNN  -- TV 's newest crime thriller , "  The Bridge , " is taking viewers to a volatile place most have only seen on the news : The U.S.-Mexican border . FX goes beyond the headlines with a series that aims to give a new twist to the serial killer storyline by setting it against the backdrop of a tumultuous border town . Named after the Bridge of the Americas that connects El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , the show explores the real-world tensions along the border through the story of two detective agents -- one from the United States and one from Mexico -- who must work together to hunt down a serial killer who is terrorizing citizens on both sides . The series is an adaptation of a Scandinavian drama called "  Bron , " and is brought to life for the American audience by creators Meredith Stiehm  "  ER , " and "  Cold Case "  and Elwood Reid  "  Cold Case " and "  Hawaii 5-0 "  . Like "  Bron , " "  The Bridge 's " pilot episode opens with a gruesome murder and a body splayed in the middle of the bridge joining both nations . This time , however , the murder involves an American judge with anti-immigrant ties . El Paso detective Sonya Cross  Diane Kruger  and Chihuahua state police detective Marco Ruiz  Demian Bichir  form an unlikely pair of agents whose investigation and relationship examines the hot topic of immigration while shedding light on the varying cultural experiences of both border towns . The series also addresses the powerful drug cartels and rampant corruption plaguing Mexican police . Filmmaker Gerardo Naranjo , known for his critically-acclaimed drug trafficking film "  Miss Bala , " directed the pilot episode and told CNN the drama 's authentic take on the U.S.-Mexican border is what sets it apart from other productions . For example , the series embraces dialect as an important component of the story . Much like the real-life fluidity of language alongside the border , "  The Bridge " incorporates Spanish when set in Ciudad Juarez and adds English subtitles . There is even the occasional use of a mix of both languages  aka Spanglish  . Aside from being a Mexican national , Naranjo brought a wealth of border knowledge to the director 's chair . He spent close to three years interviewing criminals and researching the conflict in preparation for 2011 's "  Miss Bala . " "  We tried to be as honest as possible , " Naranjo said . "  It is not about making Mexico look good or bad , it is about what is the truth . Many people who are ignorant of Mexican issues are going to learn about certain realities through our show . " At the New Generation Latino Consortium Media , Marketing and Entertainment Conference  NGLC  in early June , Bichir echoed the sentiment . "  I had a conversation with my producers and writers and that was the first thing that got me hooked on it -- the promise of it being real , " he said . The show 's premiere coincides with a real event currently brewing in Washington . With the passage of a bill in the U.S. Senate earlier in the month that aims to overhaul immigration laws for the first time since 1986 , the immigration debate re-entered the public discourse . Crucial to the passage of the bill was an amendment to strengthen border security by adding 20,000 more border agents and 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico . "  The Bridge 's " setting alongside the El Paso-Ciudad Juarez border allows the show to seamlessly navigate between both the entertainment and political world . Given this political relevancy and the Latino undertones of the drama , FX took the opportunity to launch a hyper-targeted campaign in an effort to cater to the 48 million TV viewers Nielsen says identify as Latinos . "  When we first starting thinking about the show , we knew we had a huge potential opportunity with the Hispanic audience , " Sally Daws , FX 's senior vice president of marketing , told CNN . "  We understand that the Hispanic market is huge , represented by many cultures and nations of origin . We did our best to utilize materials that spoke in a relevant way to that audience . " Naranjo hopes that "  The Bridge 's " ability to cross multiple borders of language and culture will help spark a national debate about not only the U.S.-Mexican border , but the commonalities shared between the characters -- regardless of their cultural background . ` The Bridge ' is a great bet , " Naranjo said to CNN . "  I hope that this show can begin a good type of controversy and a good conversation . " "  The Bridge " premieres July 10 PM ET on FX .	"  The Bridge " is a new crime thriller set on the U.S.-Mexican border Show will explore real-world tensions and immigration issues Director of the pilot says people will "  learn about certain realities " through the show
CNN  -- It only took one message to convince Michael Remen . "  The one that stuck in my head the most was the one about Arlington National Cemetery -- all the people that gave their lives just so that we could vote . I 'm not a military person or nothing like that but they were right , and it makes sense , " said Remen , who is a sous-chef in Hilo , Hawaii . "  That 's the main reason I 'm going to go try  to vote on Tuesday  . If I would n't have read that , I probably would n't " have decided to vote . The message came from a complete stranger , identified on Facebook as Bernie Sarratea , as part of a CNN Change the List campaign to get people in Hawaii to vote in the upcoming election . The state had the lowest voter turnout rate in 2008 , making it the focus of several stories that are part of a new project , which I 'm heading up . The goal is to create a conversation that could help bump Hawaii off the bottom of that list . We featured six nonvoters from Hawaii as a way to highlight the diverse reasons people in the Aloha State do n't vote . Because of your efforts , three of them decided to vote , two of those for the first time . A fourth plans to vote in the future , but did not register in time for tomorrow 's election  that 's yet another reason Hawaii should pass a same-day voter registration law  . Two say they wo n't vote in this election , but even they said that they were moved by the pro-voting arguments you sent , and that they may reconsider eventually . "  I 've been reading them all . It 's amazing , " said Nani Teruya , who does not plan to vote on Tuesday but seems to revel in the fact that she 's become a local celebrity of sorts in Maui because of this online campaign . "  I love it , you know . I really take into consideration what people are saying . But , you know , I still have my reasons . " Change the List : 47 of your pro-voting arguments Personally , I think convincing three out of six is a great success . I chose these six nonvoters because I could n't figure out how to convince them to vote in person , on my visit to Hawaii . Their friends had n't been able to either . Each posed a challenge . It shows the power of the Internet -- a medium that certainly goes a long way to shrink the thousands of miles of ocean between Hawaii and the mainland -- that your messages were able to persuade 50 % of the people we featured . Incidentally , a 50 % turnout rate is exactly what Hawaii needs to hop off the bottom of the national voter turnout list , if the numbers hold from the 2008 presidential election . And how cool is it that one message from a stranger could convince another person to exercise his right to vote ? It reinforces my belief that if everyone asked several friends to vote in this upcoming election , turnout would be much higher and , more importantly , our democracy would be more representative of the people . There 's real power in an invitation into the political process , even if it 's via Facebook . Here 's the tally of who plans to vote and who does n't . Click the links below to read the messages that people sent to each of the nonvoters . Thanks to all of you who sent in messages . Know that they made a difference in how some people view voting . 1 . Paul Hewlett : Not voting , but plans to in the future Hewlett 's wife , Lois , told me in an e-mail that her husband had not registered to vote for this election but now plans to do so in order to vote in 2014 . 2 . Michael Remen : Voting The sous-chef on Hawaii 's Big Island did not plan to vote when I met him in October because he had such trouble at his polling place during the primary election this year . Here is the text of the Facebook message that convinced him to vote : "  Send him a free ticket to Arlington Cemetery and  show  him how many reasons there are to vote , since all those there died for that right , here and abroad . " "  I thought that was a really powerful statement , " Remen said , "  and it made really good sense . " 3 . Nani Teruya : Not voting Teruya does n't vote because she believes the U.S. illegitimately overthrew the Hawaiian Kingdom and has no right to rule the islands . She said she loved the messages encouraging her to vote -- some asked her to support candidates who value issues that are important to the Native Hawaiian community -- but that she 's not ready to vote in this election . "  To tell you the truth , my mind is made up . I 'm going to stay the way I am , " she said . "  I have my reasons . And voting is just not me . " Her phone was ringing off the hook , she said , because of the project . People in Maui are talking about voting now , she said , and she expects that will make a difference at the polls . As for her : "  For this election , " she said , "  I 'm not ready . " 4 . Skyler Gayhart : Voting Gayhart , a high school senior , initially said he did n't feel informed enough to vote . But after reading messages from other young people who said they learned about the political process because they decided to vote , he came to see it as important . "  I thought it was pretty legit , " he said of the project . "  All my friends have been posting it on my Facebook . " He felt some peer pressure to vote , too . "  I feel like I needed to vote because I 'm on the thing . I feel like I 'm obligated to vote . I feel good about it . You should . I 'm going to be an adult anyway . I think it 's a right . " 5 . Nanci Munroe : Not voting Munroe appreciated your efforts -- "  That was so cool . I thought a lot of those people had some really good ideas " -- but she does n't plan to vote . Since Hawaii is so far from the mainland U.S. , national politics simply do n't matter , she said . "  I just do n't feel like my vote counts for a darn thing . I do n't think it will sway things one way or another , " she said . If the Electoral College were abolished , she said , then she might reconsider . 6 . Tyler Tawara : Voting Tawara , a student at the University of Hawaii , said his parents did n't know he was n't planning to vote until they saw him featured on this website . His brother circulated the page of messages from people on the Internet , asking Tawara to vote . The family pressure mounted from there . "  I mean , they 're not like forcing me to vote . My parents are n't forcing me , but they said it 's a good thing and so I 'm going to vote . " He performed a sort of cost-benefit analysis about voting . Once he looked into the process and realized he could vote by mail , it seemed so easy that there was no reason not to bother with it . "  I do n't think my vote counts as much , but I am going to vote . It 's an opportunity that is n't really hard to do so I just figure , why not ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Change the List is a new project from CNN Opinion The column is focused at the moment on Hawaii 's low voter turnout rate We asked the Internet to convince six people in the Aloha State to vote Three said they will cast ballots on Tuesday because of your messages
CNN  -- Add this tidbit to the "  Suicide Squad " speculation . According to Collider , actress Margot Robbie is on board to play Harley Quinn in the upcoming film . The character of Quinn first appeared in "  Batman : The Animated Series , " and is a love interest/henchwoman for the Joker . Fans were already excited with the news that Warner Bros. may be in talks with Oscar winner Jared Leto for the role of the Joker .  Warner Bros. is owned by CNN 's parent company . Australian actress Robbie has been making waves in Hollywood ever since her acclaimed role as Naomi Lapaglia , the girlfriend of Leonardo DiCaprio 's Jordan Belfort , in Martin Scorsese 's "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " She is currently filming the role of Jane Porter in "  Tarzan , " which stars Alexander SkarsgÃ ¥ rd in the title role . Robbie and Leto are just the latest to be connected to the "  Suicide Squad " production . Other names bandied about for possible roles have included Tom Hardy and Will Smith . "  Suicide Squad , " which will be a joint-production between Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment , is expected to arrive in theaters August 5 , 2016 .	Robbie starred in "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Jared Leto is reportedly being courted to play the Joker "  Suicide Squad " will be in theaters in August 2016
CNN  -- Authorities are searching for a female soldier , missing after a fire at her apartment near Fort Bragg in North Carolina . Fayetteville , North Carolina , police released this undated photo of 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc . Investigators Thursday morning found evidence of arson at the Fayetteville apartment of 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc , 24 . A neighbor , Roland Petty , told CNN affiliate WRAL-TV that he saw a man running from the area on Wednesday night and smelled smoke , although he did n't associate it with the building at the time . In a court filing for a protective order , Wimunc said that in May her husband had knocked her down , held a loaded gun to her head and then threatened to commit suicide , WRAL reported . Watch police at work at Wimunc 's complex " The court documents indicate that John Wimunc is a Marine stationed at Camp Lejeune , the station reported . A Camp Lejeune spokesman told WRAL that police had spoken to John Wimunc on Thursday about his wife 's disappearance . "  I have n't seen any violence . I know -LSB- Wimunc 's husband -RSB- was not living here anymore , but that 's all I know , " a neighbor told WTVD-TV , another CNN affiliate . Both stations reported that Holley Wimunc 's car was still in the parking lot at the apartment . Her disappearance is considered a missing person case . Holley Wimunc 's family , from Dubuque , Iowa , released a statement Friday saying they are "  still trying to absorb the impact of this week 's stunning events . " "  First and foremost , our concern is for our daughter , Holley -- that she will be found and restored to us , " the James family wrote . "  When you read about or watch television news reports of incidents like this , you can hardly believe that it could happen to you . But it has -- we are so grateful for the thoughts , support and prayers of friends today -- something we 're leaning on heavily right now . " The family said they would not be making any further comments , citing the investigation . No one was inside the apartment at the time of the fire , police said . Wimunc is assigned to Charlie Company , Womack Army Hospital at Fort Bragg , police said . A statement from Fort Bragg said Wimunc is a nurse from Lafayette , Louisiana , who works at the hospital 's mother and baby ward . "  Womack Army Medical Center staff is very concerned about our soldier and her safety , " Col. Terry Walters , commander of WAMC , said in the statement . "  The staff and members of her unit are being supported by the command and with counseling available through our unit chaplains . " The blaze comes nearly three weeks after the body of a pregnant soldier was found in a hotel near Fort Bragg . Spc. Megan Lynn Touma , 23 , was seven months pregnant at the time of her death , authorities said . Investigators say they are treating Touma 's death as a homicide .	NEW : Missing soldier 's family : You can hardly believe that it could happen to you She said in court filing her husband threatened her , WRAL reports Authorities were called to fire at 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc 's apartment Thursday Fire , apparently arson , had gone out , but Wimunc was missing , police say
Ars Technica  -- In an attempt to raise awareness of disaster preparedness , the American College of Emergency Physicians has teamed up with casual games publisher and developer Legacy Interactive to create "  Disaster Hero . The game , which is being funded by a grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency  FEMA  , will aim to educate players on the different types of disasters and how to be prepared in the event that they happen . In the game , players will take on the role of the titular Disaster Hero as he visits different families , helping them prepare for various disasters including earthquakes , floods , hurricanes and tornadoes . The game itself will consist of a mish-mash of genres , covering everything from time management and puzzles to quizzes and hidden object scenes . Players will also get to experience "  simulation gameplay , " which aims to teach them usable skills , such as applying pressure to stop bleeding . "  This project to develop an educational program for children using a game platform will be a unique approach to teaching kids to have an active role in home disaster planning , " ACEP President Dr. Angela Gardner said . "  ACEP is pleased to partner with many other stakeholders representing teachers , schools , daycare centers and youth organizations in the development of this program . " The Web-based game is expected to launch sometime next year . COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	The game will aim to educate players how to be prepared for different types of disasters "  Disaster Hero " is being funded by a grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency The Web-based game is expected to launch sometime next year
CNN  -- New York City resident Joel Rakower bit off more than he could chew when he smuggled nearly 40,000 piranhas into the United States . Rakower pleaded guilty Wednesday in federal court in Brooklyn to smuggling the deadly piranhas from 2011 to 2012 , according to a U.S. Department of Justice statement . The federal Lacey Act combats trafficking in "  illegal " wildlife , fish and plants . In a plea agreement , Rakower admitted that his company purchased piranhas from a Hong Kong tropical fish supplier and imported them to the city , according to the statement . Rakower instructed the foreign supplier to falsely label the exotic fish on packing lists as silver tetras , a common and unaggressive aquarium fish , because New York City prohibited the possession of piranhas , the statement said . Rakower smuggled 39,548 piranhas over the course of 2011 and 2012 , swimming up costs of approximately $ 37,376 , according to the statement . Piranhas , freshwater fish originating in South American rivers , are described as extremely aggressive and territorial . As a result , 25 states have either banned or regulated piranhas , making them illegal to own or sell . Rakower was "  driven by greed and without regard for the health and safety of people or the environment , " said Queens District Attorney Richard Brown , who helped investigate the case . Rakower agreed to pay more than $ 70,000 in fines and restitution , and his company will serve a two-year period of probation . Rakower will be sentenced on April 24 . Warning over testicle-biting fish in Denmark ? It 's all wet 70 people injured in Argentine fish attack	Joel Rakower pleads guilty to smuggling piranhas into the United States He instructed foreign supplier to label exotic fish as silver tetras , statement says Rakower agrees to pay $ 70,000 in fines and restitution
CNN  Armed groups raided a South Sudanese school and seized 89 children who were taking their exams , the United Nations said Saturday . The abduction occurred near Malakal , where thousands of people have taken refuge following months of violence in the nation . Kidnappers gathered around a community and conducted house-to-house searches , according to the U.N. children 's agency . It said the victims included boys over age 12 , who were taken away by force . U.N. officials warned the abductors that they 're violating international law . "  The recruitment and use of children by armed forces destroys families and communities , " said Jonathan Veitch , the UNICEF representative in South Sudan . "  Children are exposed to incomprehensible levels of violence , they lose their families and their chance to go to school . " South Sudan has been embroiled in conflict since December 2013 , when President Salva Kiir accused his fired deputy , Riek Machar , of trying to oust him through a coup . Since then , militia loyal to both have battled each others ' forces . Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings and starvation nationwide . Talks and repeated pleas for peace have yielded no results . More than 1.5 million people have been displaced , according to the U.N. , and thousands killed . Some civilians have fled to U.N. bases in the country , making the facilities targets for armed militants . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war , making it the world 's youngest nation . Since the split , the nation has battled various setbacks , including violence divided along tribal lines -- the Nuer community backs rebel leader Machar while the President is from the Dinka tribe . The warring sides have signed ceasefire deals , but the bloodshed continues .	South Sudan has been embroiled in conflict since 2013 Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings nationwide
Orinda , California  CNN  -- As he lies in bed , Ryan Buchanan 's eyes flutter open . He gazes into his room but fixates on nothing . A stuffed toy lies motionless in his left hand . Every two hours , a nurse turns him : first on his back , then to the right , then to the left . Fourteen medications course through his gastrointestinal tube , given at different hours of the day . His parents or nurses monitor his oxygen levels , change his feeding bag , clean the various tubes that help him survive . All this is happening in his bedroom , in the same home where Ryan grew up , learned to crawl , played with his dog and painted a California golden bear on his bedroom wall . This is also where his family hopes he will awake from his yearlong ordeal . The 17-year-old is in a persistent vegetative state after a beach accident deprived his brain of oxygen for more than 15 minutes . Ryan 's parents , Bret and Janine Buchanan , turned their own bedroom into a hospital ward for their eldest son . Metal shelves in the room are stocked with adult diapers , splints , catheters and syringes . Increasingly , families like the Buchanans are bringing children with complex medical needs home for long-term care . In previous decades , children with neurological injuries would stay in hospitals or other facilities for the rest of their lives . Today , children are being moved through these institutions more quickly , said Dr. Ellen Elias , director of the clinic for kids with special health care needs at Children 's Hospital Colorado . Part of the reason is that children with these and other health issues are living longer thanks to medical advances . Another reason for the change in care comes from the insurance companies ' refusal to pay for long inpatient stays , Elias said . Children requiring long-term antibiotics , feeding tubes and/or ventilator support are now sent home with nursing care , rather than living months at a time in the hospital . "  It has changed dramatically . So many things we used to keep kids in the hospital  for  , we can now take care of in the home instead . " Elias is the lead author of an article published in the journal Pediatrics in April that outlines ways to transition complex pediatric patients home from the hospital . "  We send very complicated kids home for their parents to take care of them , " Elias said . "  This puts a huge amount of stress and responsibility onto parents . We realize this is an incredibly daunting task . " Home care places demands on parents ' time and finances , as well as their emotional and physical well-being . The most complex patients can require 24-hour nursing shifts , a rigorous medication schedule and various treatments . The cost can be staggering : Ryan 's monthly care is about $ 40,000 . Home care costs less than lengthy hospital stays , but it 's still a major expense . The state-funded California Medical Assistance Program , known as Medi-Cal , covers Ryan 's home care . Ryan 's condition requires nurses or caregivers around the clock to place his legs in and out of splints , change his feeding bag and bathe him . "  This is just a new life , " said Ryan 's father , Bret . "  I do n't look at it as any different than taking care of a normal child . " Deeply religious , the Buchanans have faith that Ryan will recover and wanted to bring him home so he would be in a familiar setting . Throughout the day , his dad , mom and 15-year-old brother Jacob pop into Ryan 's room . A stream of visitors from his high school , youth group and lacrosse team stops by during the week . Sometimes , his family watches football in his room , cheering for teams together . "  We never considered not bringing him home , " Bret Buchanan said . "  Home is where his family and friends are and where he is most comfortable . Our goal has always been to bring him home when it was safe to do so . " The toll of caregiving can be intense , but parents are often willing to make the sacrifice . "  It 's their child . They love them , " said Elias , who has seen many parents take their children home . "  They want them to be part of their lives . " Ryan always had an easygoing swagger , said his mother , Janine . He aspired to study civil engineering and wanted to go to the University of California , Berkeley , like his dad . Fascinated by architecture , he would build model structures and houses . As an infant , he played baby Jesus in his local Nativity play , and as a teen , he would strum his guitar playing gospel songs for his church youth group . Teachers would rave about how much they loved him , said Jacob , who shared a room with Ryan for most of their lives . "  I feel like if I did n't have my brother  growing up  , I 'd be a mess , " he said . "  He kind of showed me the ropes and everything . I always wanted to do everything my brother did . " In June 2011 , the brothers and about 50 kids from their church went on a supervised youth retreat near Santa Cruz , California . On a Saturday afternoon , Ryan and his friends started digging a sand tunnel on Sunset State Beach . Scooping the sand with their bare hands and Frisbees , they created an underground passage about 10 feet wide and 7 feet deep . It was about 4 p.m. when Jacob heard one of his friends shout : "  Jacob , your brother is under the sand ! " The tunnel had collapsed , trapping Ryan underneath . There was no sign of him . Teens were screaming , and everyone dropped to the ground , frantically clawing at the sand with their hands to find Ryan , Jacob recalled . He dropped to his knees and prayed to God : "  Lord , if you can do anything , please take him out now . I do n't want my brother to die . " By the time rescuers reached Ryan , he was unconscious . But his heart was beating . Weeks after the accident , the diagnosis became clear : Ryan was in a persistent vegetative state because he had been deprived of oxygen for 15 to 20 minutes . A month later , doctors asked the Buchanans whether they should resuscitate him the next time Ryan 's life was in jeopardy . "  We have hope that he could still recover , " his mother told the doctors . "  You 're going to do everything you can for our son to keep him alive . " After months in hospitals and other institutions , his family brought him home in February . "  He seems more comfortable , relaxed at home , " his dad said . Doctors say it 's notoriously difficult to predict the outcome of neurological injuries , especially those stemming from oxygen deprivation . Without oxygen , brain cells die within a few minutes , causing extensive damage . The situation is dire in most cases , yet no one really knows why a very small fraction of patients emerge from comas . "  When it comes to neurology , there 's so much unknown , " said Dr. Ricardo Komotar , a brain surgeon and professor at Miami University who is not involved in Ryan 's care . "  We do n't have any statistics . It 's very , very rare to be in a vegetative state for a long period of time and wake up . " Still , the Buchanans continue to hope . The uncertainties and caregiving responsibilities they face are often overwhelming , but the Buchanans say they believe that choosing to sustain his life and bringing him home was best for Ryan . Every day , Jacob pokes his head into Ryan 's room , which is right next to the bedroom they used to share . Having "  Rye " at home brings a "  sense of normalness , " Jacob said . He usually recounts to his brother what happened during each day and even pokes fun of him like he used to . "  I look at him now , and I realize that 's the same exact kid , " Jacob said . "  Why ca n't he be like the way he was before ? " The Buchanans have set up a website , the Ryan Buchanan Trust , where you can learn more about Ryan and how to help . CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this story .	Ryan Buchanan was digging a tunnel at the beach when it collapsed on top of him The 17-year-old was without oxygen for more than 15 minutes The Buchanans are caring for their son , who 's in a persistent vegetative state , at home
CNN  -- Billy Taylor , one of the most influential American jazz musicians of the second half of the twentieth century , died Tuesday at the age of 89 , according to a statement posted on his official Web site . Taylor passed away in New York due to heart failure , his daughter Kim Taylor-Thompson noted in the statement . Over the course his career , Taylor composed more than 350 songs , including "  I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free , " an unofficial anthem of the civil rights movement . He created his own record label -- "  Taylor Made " -- in 1989 , according to the statement . His last two recordings were released in the late 1990s on another Taylor label , "  Soundpost Records . " Taylor , who grew up in Washington , D.C. , started as a professional piano player in 1944 . He initially made his mark on New York 's 52nd Street with Ben Webster 's Quartet . He shared the stage at the famous Birdland club with a host of other jazz greats , including Miles Davis and Dizzy Gillespie , the statement noted . Taylor gained a wider audience hosting jazz programs two New York radio stations , WLIB and WNEW . He went on to become an arts correspondent for the CBS show "  Sunday Morning . " One of only three jazz musicians to serve on the National Council of the Arts , Taylor won two Peabody Awards , an Emmy , and a Grammy , among other awards . He also received the National Medal of the Arts . Taylor earned a doctorate in music education from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst . He is survived by wife , Theodora , and his daughter .	Jazz musician Billy Taylor died Tuesday at the age of 89 Taylor died of heart failure , according to his daughter Taylor composed over 350 songs Taylor composed the civil rights song "  I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel To Be Free "
CNN  -- Manchester United 's defense of the English Premier League title was dealt another hammer blow Saturday as David Moyes ' slumping side were beaten 1-0 by Newcastle United at Old Trafford . It was the second home defeat for United in three days and their fifth of a sorry campaign , as many as they suffered all last season in winning their record 20th English championship . Trailing leaders Arsenal by 12 points before the lunchtime kick off , United remained in ninth place while Newcastle , winning at Old Trafford for the first time in 41 years , moved up to sixth place ahead of the afternoon program . Yohan Cabaye 's goal just after the hour mark sealed three points for the visitors , the highly-rated Frenchman scoring after a cut back from Moussa Sissoko . Missing the suspended Wayne Rooney , the home side created few opportunities although Patrice Evra hit the post with a header before the Newcastle breakthrough . Dutch striker Robin van Persie , back after injury , had a late effort ruled out for offside and substitute Wilfried Zaha shot narrowly wide , but Alan Pardew 's battlers held out comfortably enough . Moyes , who took over from Alex Ferguson in the summer , refused to accept that their title challenge was over at this stage of the season , but admitted his team were in a "  transitional period . " "  I stand firm that we 'll be very close to it and I hope we 're in and around it when it comes to the end of the season , " he told BT Sport . He also asked for patience from the United fans , so used to continuous success under the legendary Ferguson . "  I think they understand it 's the same players which were here last year as well . Obviously the manager 's changed , so we 'll work , we 'll try and improve and try and get better . " United did look to be turning the corner with a 12-match unbeaten run ahead of Wednesday 's 1-0 defeat to Moyes ' former club Everton . Rooney , so missed Saturday , starred in a 5-0 win over Bayer Leverkusen which took them into the last 16 of the Champions League , but their EPL form has been inconsistent . Arsenal can open a 15-point gap over United if they beat Everton Sunday and could take heart from the results of their nearest challengers later Saturday . Chelsea slipped to a shock 3-2 defeat at struggling Stoke City with on-loan Liverpool winger Oussama Assaidi grabbing the odd goal in five winner in the final minute . Jose Mourinho 's side looked set for a point after Andre Schurrle completed a double either side of goals from Peter Crouch and Stephen Ireland , but Assaidi hit the winner with a sublime strike at the death . Manchester City also missed the chance to close up , held 1-1 at Southampton after taking a 10th-minute lead through Sergio Aguero . But Dani Osvaldo grabbed the equalizer for the Saints before halftime . Liverpool took advantage of the slip ups to go above Chelsea into second place on goal difference with a 4-1 home win over West Ham . The struggling Hammers did not help their cause by scoring two own goals and having captain Kevin Nolan sent off in the second half . The outstanding Luis Suarez scored his 14th goal of the season in the impressive win . Tottenham Hotspur secured their second away win in a week in the late game at Sunderland , emerging 2-1 winners to take close order in sixth .	Manchester United beaten 1-0 by Newcastle at Old Trafford Yohan Cabaye goal on the hour mark seals victory Successive league home defeats for reigning champions Liverpool up to second as Chelsea and Man City slip up
CNN  -- Watching the Charlotte Bobcats stumble around the court this year may make the casual fan wonder who is running this beleaguered organization . Ah ... er , it 's Michael Jordan . MJ . His Airness . After Thursday 's 104-84 loss to the New York Knicks , Jordan is now the owner of the worst team in NBA history . It 's a feat that may look strange next to all the trophies Jordan garnered in his playing career . With the loss , the Bobcats end this season with a record of 7-59 , finishing with an all-time worst .106 winning percentage . They take the infamous title from the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers who were 9-73 and had a then record-worst .110 winning percentage . The dubious distinction has some wondering how the man , widely thought of as the best basketball player of all time , could lead such a lousy team . Adding to the irony , Jordan was the leader of a Chicago Bulls team back in the 90s that is the winningest team in NBA history , scoring a 72-10 record . As the Bobcats neared the record this week , Jordan received a chorus of criticism . Legendary coach Larry Brown , who coached the Bobcats for three seasons under Jordan , joined the chorus saying Jordan has surrounded himself with "  yes men " who are hesitant to challenge him . "  He needs more people around him who he has respect for who are not afraid to tell him what 's right . That 's the one thing I 'm disappointed in , " Brown said on a radio interview on ` The Dan Patrick Show . ' Jordan , who fired Brown as the Bobcats coach in 2010 , vehemently disagreed with that criticism in an interview Wednesday with the Charlotte Observer . Jordan also acknowledged that his six championships and five Most Valuable Player awards , numerous scoring titles and many other accomplishments as a player adds to the scrutiny he gets as an owner . "  My success will be judged differently ... I 've come to accept I 'll be scrutinized more than any other owner , " Jordan said . "  I know now that I have to have a tough skin about these things . " Jordan said he had planned to rebuild the team and knew that it could be a tough season . But he conceded that he never thought it would be this bad . "  This year the talent we had did n't respond , but that does n't cause me to turn my back on the plan , " Jordan told the Charlotte Observer . There were several issues that plagued the Bobcats this year . The team was hammered by injuries including the teams ' best player Corey Maggette , who missed half of the season . Also the Bobcats were forced to play rookies Kemba Walker and Bismack Biyombo without much practice time because of the lockout-shortened season . SI : Former champ Walker looks ahead "  It is the perfect storm , " said Mike Solarte , sports director of CNN affiliate News 14 Carolina . "  It has been a challenge watching the Bobcats night in and night out . There has been very few highs and a lot of lows all season long . " But there is an upside to all the losses . The record guarantees that the Bobcats will have the greatest chance of getting the first pick in the upcoming NBA draft . And this year 's draft features big man Anthony Davis , who is leaving Kentucky and is thought of being able to single-handedly change the fortune of any team that gets him . But some fans have run out of patience after watching the Bobcats end the season with a 23-game losing streak , Solarte said . "  They do have a plan , " said Solarte . "  That is what they said all along . But when you have only seven wins nobody wants to hear about the plan . They want to know why you are not winning games now . "	The Charlotte Bobcats ended the season with a 7-59 record That record is the worst in NBA history "  I 've come to accept I 'll be scrutinized more than any other owner , " Jordan tells a newspaper
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William called for global action Wednesday to stop the illegal wildlife trade that 's devastating populations of some of the world 's most magnificent wild animals -- including elephants , rhinos and tigers . The prince spoke at a meeting of United for Wildlife , a body bringing together his royal foundation and the world 's leading wildlife charities , in London . The conference is part of a week of events aimed at galvanizing efforts to halt the slaughter of endangered animals for their bones , hides or tusks -- much in demand in parts of Asia . On Thursday , William and his father , Prince Charles , will be among the high-profile global guests due to attend the London Conference on the Illegal Wildlife Trade , hosted by the UK government . Prince Charles , UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the Presidents of Botswana and Gabon are all expected to speak at the event . William pledged Wednesday that United for Wildlife , of which he 's president , would use its global leverage to make a difference at a time when the trade takes the lives of 100 elephants a day . "  The forces that are currently destroying some of the world 's endangered species are sophisticated and powerful , " the Duke of Cambridge said . "  But this week , we are seeing the creation of an equally powerful alliance , coming together to help fight them . "  The commitments set out today will begin to address the challenges of protection , enforcement and demand reduction . We will use our combined resources to ensure they succeed . " The organization plans to use "  smart " technology such as GPS trackers and drones to protect animals at risk . It also intends to work with governments and local bodies to send out the message that no one should trade or buy rhino horn , ivory , tiger or pangolin parts and products . United for Wildlife will also bolster efforts to bring those involved in the illegal wildlife trade to justice and to support local communities whose livelihoods are affected by the trade , it said . Estimate : Rhino killed every 11 hours The call to action comes in the face of horrifying statistics . More than 10 % of the total African elephant population has been slaughtered for ivory in two years , according to the Zoological Society of London , which calls it "  a death toll the species simply can not sustain . " Since the turn of this century , more than 1,000 tigers have been poached -- a huge number considering there are thought to be no more than 3,500 left in the wild . The rate of rhino poaching in Africa reportedly increased by 43 % between 2011 and 2012 and is still going up . Since 2013 , a rhino is estimated to have been killed every 11 hours by poachers , the Zoological Society of London says . U.S. President Barack Obama signed off Tuesday on a "  National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking , " which sets out ways to stem the illegal trade . Its stated priorities are to strengthen enforcement , reduce demand for illegally trafficked wildlife and work more closely with international partners . "  Wildlife trafficking is both a critical conservation concern and a threat to global security with significant effects on the national interests of the United States and the interests of our partners around the world , " the document says . It acknowledges the United States is "  among the world 's major markets for wildlife and wildlife products , both legal and illegal " but also points to demand for ivory and rhino horn in Asia , "  from a rapidly expanding wealthy class that views these commodities as luxury goods that enhance social status . " ` If we fail , it will be too late ' William and Charles released an unusual joint video message Sunday that urged people worldwide to take a stand . But William , who has been a patron since 2005 of the wildlife conservation charity Tusk Trust , faced criticism Saturday in UK newspaper The Sun for reportedly going on a boar hunting trip to Spain with his brother , Prince Harry . Wild boar are legally hunted in the country , but the timing of the trip raised questions , it said . "  Prince William has gone shooting -- a day before launching a campaign to stop wildlife being killed , " the popular tabloid said . In the joint video , recorded in November , Charles said it was time to treat the effort to stop the illegal wildlife trade "  like a battle , because it is precisely that . " He pointed to the sophisticated weaponry used by poachers and the threat that such criminal activity poses to economic and social stability in the countries affected . William said that he and his father were optimistic the "  tide can be reversed . " "  We have to be the generation that stopped the illegal wildlife trade , and secured the future of these magnificent animals , and their habitats , for if we fail , it will be too late , " the younger prince adds . William , whose wife Catherine gave birth to their son George last summer , said that since becoming a father , he has become "  even more devoted to protecting the resources of the Earth for not only my own son but also the other children of his generation to enjoy . " The video , which was recorded in November , ends with the pair saying the phrase "  Let 's unite for wildlife ! " in Arabic , Vietnamese , Swahili , Spanish and Mandarin . The aim is to be understood by as many people as possible living in the countries most affected by the illegal wildlife trade . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince William says a global alliance is being created to combat the illegal wildlife trade United for Wildlife brings together his foundation and the world 's leading wildlife charities Increasing numbers of elephants , rhinos and tigers are being poached for the trade A global conference is being held Thursday in London to address the issue
Four suspects have been questioned in Portugal in connection with the 2007 disappearance of Madeleine McCann , a source close to the investigation told CNN on Wednesday . The suspects , all Portuguese , were questioned by Portuguese police , with the assistance of Scotland Yard , as London 's Metropolitan Police are known . One of the suspects suffers from schizophrenia , one is a former taxi driver , and another was just 16 years old at the time of the girl 's disappearance , the source said . Madeleine was a few weeks shy of her fourth birthday when she vanished from her family 's holiday apartment in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz . Her parents had left Madeleine and her younger twin siblings asleep while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Her mother raised the alarm when she checked on the children about 10 p.m. and discovered her daughter missing . According to the source , Scotland Yard is focusing on the four suspects because some of them made calls to one another the night of the girl 's disappearance , as well as the night before and the night after . They had asked to search the suspects ' homes , but were denied by courts that found no evidence to warrant such a search , the source said . Scotland Yard believes the four suspects called one another to plan a robbery , which went wrong when they saw the girl at the home . British police recently finished digging in an area of wasteland close to where Madeleine went missing in Portugal . They searched two areas , according to the source , and will be leaving Portugal in the next few days . In July 2013 , Scotland Yard reopened its investigation into the little girl 's disappearance after a two-year review of the original probe . Portuguese police reopened their investigation last October . At the time , the Metropolitan Police said the two police forces ' investigations would run in parallel . Madeleine 's parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , launched a massive publicity campaign to find their daughter after she went missing . They say they continue to believe she is still alive .	The suspects are Portuguese ; one suffers from schizophrenia , a source says Madeleine , 3 , disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007 British police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in July 2013
CNN  -- A detail in the fatal shooting of 14-year-old Shaaliver Douse by a New York Police Department officer earlier this month has been stopping me from grieving his death . The tragedy happened around 3 a.m. . Why was a 14-year-old boy out that late without his mother , Shanise Farrar , who called the shooting an assassination ? Or his aunt , Quwana Barcene , who said the bloody gun police say was found near his body was part of a coverup ? Where was the supervising adult who should have been with a 14-year-old boy walking the streets of New York at 3 o'clock in the morning ? "  I 'm not saying that he 's the best one , but he 's my angel , " his grieving mother said . Her "  angel " was a suspected gang member who police say was chasing and shooting at an unidentified man when they encountered him . Her "  angel " was arrested last month for attempted murder of a 15-year-old . Her "  angel " left their apartment around 8 p.m. and she had no idea where he was until the next morning when detectives informed her that her son was dead . I want to mourn for her loss , I really do . But as callous and as heartless as this sounds , I just ca n't get past what awful parents she and the boy 's father were . Children may be born angels , but with all the temptations out there in the world , it takes work to try to keep them that way . I 'm sure the three teenagers suspected in the death of 23-year-old Christopher Lane -- killed because they allegedly were bored -- started off as angels . But who , besides their parents , would call them angels now ? "  I know my son . He 's a good kid , " said Jennifer Luna , the mother of the boy prosecutor Jason Hicks said pulled the trigger . As a newspaper reporter , I covered and was around a fair number of crime scenes involving juvenile delinquents and few things bothered me more than listening to their parents . Crying , ranting , proclaiming how great their children were despite being kicked out of school or previous run-ins with the law . That 's not to say kids wo n't be kids . Of course they will be . Which is why it is vitally important that parents be parents . So when kids get bored , they do n't think they should go "  f**k with some n ** gers , " as then-18-year-old Deryl Dedmon Jr. suggested before he and his buddies ran over and killed 49-year-old auto worker James Craig Anderson , the first black person he saw , with his pickup truck back in 2011 . Or randomly shoot a college student jogging down the street as entertainment -- though it seems the shooting may not have been as random as previously thought considering one of the suspects , who is black , tweeted that he hated white people back in April . Parents are supposed to instill a sense of right and wrong in their children and then keep up the due diligence necessary to make sure they do n't veer off that path . When parents do n't do that , we end up with three 15-year-olds assaulting and breaking the arm of a 13-year-old on a school bus in Florida . "  This is life . I am sorry what happened to the victim , " Julian McKnight Sr. , whose son Julian was one of the boys accused in the attack , said after a court appearance . A second appearance is scheduled later this month . "  It 's just the way it is . My son ai n't never been no bad person , he just got mixed with bad people , that 's all ... he sorry . " I am not a perfect parent with all the answers . But I do know that it was the father , and not the son , who was apologizing -- and that , my friends , is our problem in a nutshell . We do n't teach accountability , we do n't expect accountability and I 'm not even sure we even know what accountability looks like anymore . Some of us have become so addicted to pointing fingers at others for all the wrong that happens in our lives that self-assessment has become synonymous with blaming the victim . Yes , there are cultural factors that make parenting difficult . And sometimes a bad seed is just that . But none of this excuses us from taking personal responsibility where we can . I am tired of seeing "  sorry " being used to cloak negligent parents . Sorry wo n't bring back Christopher Lane or James Craig Anderson . And they , too , were each somebody 's "  angel . " If sorry is not good enough to protect a bartender who serves alcohol to a visibly intoxicated person who drives and kills someone , why is sorry good enough for parents who , through negligence , are culpable for the crimes their undisciplined children commit ? If my son goes out and breaks the neighbor 's window , I have to pay for it . Why is a window more sacred than another human life ? We need to hold parents more accountable , both culturally and legally , for the actions of their children . Maybe then more parents will be more engaged in the lives of their children on the front end , rather than the back end , in front of a judge . Society has avenues for juveniles who refuse to obey their parents . But where are the safeguards for society when parents decide not to use those avenues ? I 'm tired of hearing how good the kids who commit heinous crimes are . Maybe we should start putting parents on the witness stand so they can tell us exactly what they did to raise such perfect children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	14-year-old killed by officer at 3 a.m. LZ Granderson asks , where were the parents ? LZ : Police say boy was shooting at others , was arrested before for attempted murder Boy 's mother insists he was an "  angel . " LZ says parents often excuse kids ' crimes LZ : Parents should be held responsible for negligence in these cases
CNN  -- Officials on Monday lifted evacuation orders that had sent hundreds of residents fleeing parts of Amarillo , Texas , as two wildfires approached Sunday . In all , 12 homes were destroyed , they said . The Pitt Road Fire , on Amarillo 's south side , destroyed five homes and eight outbuildings and damaged four other homes , but was 100 % contained Monday , said April Phillips with the Texas Forest Service . She estimated the fire burned 150 to 200 acres . The Stone Ridge Fire , in the north , destroyed seven homes and 11 outbuildings and scorched 1,243 acres , but was fully contained Monday evening , said Tim Evans , a public information officer for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service . Three people suffered minor injuries , he said . "  We still have quite a few hotspots , " he said . "  But we do have the fire perimeter surrounded . " Mother Nature was not helping the firefighters . "  We 're under a red-flag warning today , " said Phillips , adding that there was no rain in sight . "  It 's been , like , months " since the area has had "  any significant rain , " she said . The blaze began Sunday afternoon amid what police called "  very dry conditions , with zero chance of rain . " The current wildfire season is one of the worst in Texas history . Since it began on November 15 , the state has seen 10,896 fires scorch 2.8 million acres , destroying 460 homes in the process , Evans said . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 2.8 million acres have been burned this fire season in Texas 12 homes destroyed in two fires that resulted in evacuations from Amarillo The fire breaks out amid "  very dry conditions , with zero chance of rain , " police say
CNN  -- Kim Jong Il 's passing closes a sad and tragic chapter for the people of North Korea . His 17-year reign will be remembered as a dark period in their history characterized by great suffering and steady and dangerous provocations to the outside world . Though North Korea is an extremely opaque country , we can have some confidence that a transition plan established over a year ago is now being implemented . Public pronouncements from Pyongyang indicate 29-year-old Kim Jong Un has assumed leadership , and preparations are under way for a public funeral for Kim Jong Il , with Kim Jong Un presiding . Even the launch of a short-range missile off North Korea 's east coast around the time of Kim 's death can be seen as "  North Korean normalcy . " Thus , this is not a time to hyperventilate ; rather , we must take a deep breath and give sober-minded examination to the actions we can take to improve the situation on the Korean Peninsula and strengthen our own security . As a former ambassador in the region who worked on North Korea security issues , I am keenly aware that this delicate situation presents immediate risks but also long-term opportunities . The United States should do the following : We must establish and maintain close channels of communications with our allies to ensure our activities going forward are aligned . First and foremost , we must be in complete lock-step with the South Korean government in Seoul . We also need very close cooperation with Tokyo . We should establish close consultations with other parties with influence in North Korea , including Russia and primarily China . While our interests often diverge , we share with Beijing an aversion to instability and chaos on the Korean Peninsula . At a minimum , we need quality channels of communication with China to avoid misunderstandings and miscalculations . For example , if China were to mobilize forces to close her border with North Korea to prevent a massive influx of refugees , it would be important that no one misread those steps as Chinese preparations for sending forces across the border . An immediate priority relates to North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . We need solid intelligence to monitor any potential rogue activities or any moves to proliferate , and we must have credible plans to address such activities alongside our allies . Over time , we should work with allies and others to encourage the new regime in Pyongyang to make the wise decision to give up nuclear weapons permanently . We must also monitor Pyongyang 's missiles . While North Korea 's new leader may continue to flex his muscles with a series of short range missile tests , we can not forget that North Korea is suspected to have longer range variants of the Taepo Dong missile that may be able to reach Hawaii and Alaska with conventional payloads . And we know the North Koreans have flown a two stage missile over our ally Japan as far back as 1998 . Our Aegis ships and those of Japan need to be on alert for the unlikely , but very dangerous possibility , of a missile strike . As we look further ahead , we must note that April 2012 will mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founder , Kim Il Sung  Kim Jong Il 's father  . Our intelligence analysts were already predicting the occasion would likely mean a range of provocative actions from Pyongyang to mark the birth of their country 's father and to extract payoffs from the outside world . Now we must add into the dangerous mix the probability that Kim Jong Un will encourage some activities to show his strength and demonstrate that he 's firmly in charge . The key going forward will be to help protect our allies and our interests but not to overact to the North Korean regime 's predictable pattern of behavior . Looking out over an even longer horizon , we should see Kim 's passing as the best opportunity in decades for the people of North Korea to move toward political reform . Whether by supporting Seoul 's North-South dialogue , working with Kim Jong Un if he shows any interest in opening-up  not much is known about him , but we do know he had some exposure to the West during his school years  or interacting directly with the people of North Korea , we should seize opportunities to encourage meaningful reform . We should be reminded that after Mao Zedong 's death in China in 1976 , it took only two years for Deng Xiaoping to launch China 's opening to the outside world in 1978 . Given the magnitude of these events , wise stewardship of our country and military is essential if we are to take advantage of this opportunity to help forge a more stable situation on the Korean Peninsula . The unpredictable events unfolding in North Korea and across the world should serve as a reminder that we need a president with hands-on foreign policy experience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Huntsman .	Jon Huntsman : Death of Kim Jong Il could lead to more instability He says U.S. must work closely with China , Japan , Russia to stay on top of events N. Korean missiles that could reach U.S. territory need to be closely watched , he says Huntsman says centenary of Kim Il Sung 's birth may give rise to provocative actions
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A federal court has ordered a Kuwait-based contractor to pay nearly $ 5 million in damages to the family of a U.S. military officer killed in Iraq -- a rare court decision holding a contracting company accountable for its actions in the war . Lt. Col. Dominic Baragona was the highest-ranking soldier to die in Iraq when he was killed May 19 , 2003 . Army Lt. Col. Dominic "  Rocky " Baragona was just an hour away from a U.S. base in Kuwait -- ultimately headed home to the United States -- when a tractor-trailer operated by Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport Company slammed into his Humvee on May 19 , 2003 , killing him instantly . Baragona , a West Point graduate , was 42 years old and the highest-ranking soldier to have died in the war at the time . His family filed a wrongful death suit against KGL . Earlier this month , the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia sided with the family , holding the Kuwait company negligent in Baragona 's death for failing to provide safe passage on the three-lane road where the accident occurred . A key issue in the judge 's decision was whether a U.S. court had jurisdiction over a foreign contractor and whether there was a legal basis to find it negligent . Ultimately , Judge William Duffey found that there was . "  The court enters judgment in the amount of $ 4,907,048 to be paid by KGL in a single lump payment , " the judge wrote in his 12-page decision issued on November 5 . Baragona 's father , Dominic Baragona , a former U.S. Marine , told CNN he is embarrassed his family was forced into a lawsuit to learn details surrounding his son 's death . He also said the court decision is bittersweet : No amount of money will ever bring his son back , but it feels good that a court of law sided with his family . Watch family describe Rocky 's hugs , his Mustang and his character " "  You feel good for the Rock , " he said of his boy . "  We 're going to make KGL sweat it a little bit . I mean they 're going to remember Rocky 's name . " Baragona 's sister , Pam , added , "  Even in his death , he 's still handing out more messages -- very quietly , in Rocky 's way . " CNN sought comment from KGL for this story , but got no response . The law firm Crowell & Moring , which has represented KGL in the past , declined comment . KGL has received millions of dollars in U.S.-government contracts . On its Web site , the company says it "  performs multiple operations such as providing of vehicles and equipments to customers , " including the U.S. Army and coalition forces . It also boasts of having more than $ 1 billion in market capitalization . CNN legal analyst Jeffery Toobin said the court decision theoretically "  does open the door to more lawsuits " against contractors , but that the Baragona family is a long way from ever seeing the money . "  It is always very hard to collect judgments against foreign companies and , when you overlay the chaos of Iraq , it makes it extremely difficult -- if not impossible , " Toobin said . The court decision comes at a time when Congress has been closely scrutinizing contractors and seeking ways to hold the companies accountable for their actions in war zones . The Baragonas say their suit was never about money . They would like to see changes made in the contracting business , most importantly to have third-party investigations carried out when something goes wrong and to keep everyone abreast during that reporting process . " -LSB- Rocky -RSB- was about improving and changing systems so that we had a better Army . And that 's what he believed in and that 's what he dedicated his life to . If in his death , he adds more on to that -- that 's what I 'm fighting for , " said Pam Baragona . If the family ever gets paid , they say they want to set up a foundation to honor their son and brother to help pay for college educations of deserving students . "  Rock 's the little guy . We have to vindicate for him . We have to take care of the little guy , " his sister said . "  Creating a legacy for him is a huge responsibility . " Born on Flag Day on June 14 , 1960 , Rocky Baragona dedicated his life to the military , entering West Point after high school and graduating among the top of his class in 1982 . His motto was : "  More than expected . " He was one of seven children , five boys and two girls . One brother , Christopher , died of leukemia just before he would have turned 9 . The family says it was a young , energetic and super smart Rocky who "  held our family together through that dark time . " "  Rocky was my heart , " his mother , Vilma , said . So sharp was Rocky that he attended a computer camp in the mid-1970s and then taught a computer class in high school for two years because nobody else at school knew much about computers , his mom said . Rocky loved the military . He also loved gadgets , the Cleveland Indians , the Ohio State Buckeyes and the Cleveland Browns . His father , Dominic , said he spoke with his son just two hours before he was killed in Iraq . As the commander of the 19th Maintenance Battalion based out of Fort Sill , Oklahoma , his son was helping his soldiers get out of Iraq en route to Camp Victory in Kuwait . Once at the Kuwait base , they were scheduled to head home to Fort Sill . "  I remember asking him : ` Well , Rock , is there anything I have to worry about ? ' " the father said . "  He said , ` The only thing you have to worry about , Dad , is something stupid happening . ' " According to the lawsuit , Baragona was traveling south through Iraq as part of a three-vehicle convoy when the crash happened . The suit claims the KGL tractor-trailer struck a pile of dried concrete that had spilled on the road , jack-knifing the big rig and then slamming into Baragona 's Humvee . The soldier driving Baragona 's vehicle survived the accident . The Baragona family never expected more than four years later to be talking to a reporter about their son over the Thanksgiving holiday , a court decision and the grief they 've endured -- grief over losing a young child to leukemia and then a grown son three decades later to an accident in war . "  It just never goes away , " his mother said of her pain . The father says he and Rocky loved to talk politics . Rocky would always take the opposite position just to rile up his old man . "  I did n't win too many arguments off him because he was so damn sharp , " he said . "  To me , he was the guy I could n't wait to talk to . " The dad then paused and said , "  What a great relationship . " E-mail to a friend	Federal court orders Kuwaiti contractor to pay $ 5 million to soldier 's family Lt. Col. Dominic "  Rocky " Baragona died in Iraq accident on May 19 , 2003 Dad : "  They 're going to remember Rocky 's name " Ruling comes at a time when Congress is weighing contractor accountability
CNN  -- Kenya is known for producing some of the world 's greatest runners and now a company wants to get them noticed wearing a brand from their country . A group of young entrepreneurs have launched what they say is the nation 's first running brand and they have high hopes of one day transforming Nairobi into the running apparel capital of the world . "  There are a lot of Kenyan athletes and you always see them wearing Nike and Adidas and not something from their own country , " said Hussein Kurji , who designs the clothing and heads up the Kenyan operation of Kourage Athletics . "  We do have quite a good track record when it comes to running , so why not match that with an equally big clothing brand , " he added . Kourage says it creates running apparel that 's ` designed , manufactured and managed in Kenya by Kenyans . ' The name of the brand forms the backbone of the company 's ethos . "  Kourage is all about having the courage to do new things , try new things , be brave and go out and do what you would not normally do , " Kurji said . The brand officially launched in July producing just over 1,000 t-shirts . While initial orders are still low the team plans to eventually make everything from running shorts to hooded sweatshirts once they have more capital . But they are quick to point out that they 're not just selling apparel . "  Our shirts are beautiful . We use the softest fabric available ; employ a modern fit and fantastic graphics , but what sets us apart are our ideals , " said Chris Markl , the brains behind Kourage . "  By purchasing a Kourage shirt one is investing in Kenya 's future . A future that is built upon business and international trade not foreign aid , " he continued . Africa growth vision Florida-based economics professor and running enthusiast , Markl spent years getting Kourage off the ground . He even rode 1,800 miles on his bike from Canada to Mexico to raise the initial start-up funds . Markl first became interested in the idea of producing an ethical clothing line when he was researching textiles factories in Honduras as part of his Ph.D. . "  I always wondered why ` ethical ' clothing lines were so focused on concentrating operations in America or Europe . There are incredible designers and entrepreneurs in impoverished countries , " he said . "  To create real economic development , an apparel company needs to create as many economic linkages in a poor country as possible , " he continued . Kenya 's ` silent crisis ' The Kourage team pride themselves on being one of the most ethical athletic apparel company in the world , according to Markl . The clothes are produced by Viva Africa , a Kenyan-owned and operated factory , employing around 200 people , mostly women . The factory makes everything from police uniforms to high-end fashion . However , the most important thing Markl says is that working conditions are fair and the employees are happy . But the small team , who all hold down a variety of other day jobs , dream of one day opening up their own factory and headquarters in Nairobi . While Kourage have n't approached any athletes yet , they hope that in 10 to 20 years Kenyan runners in the Olympics and other major sporting events will be wearing their brand . They also have plans to approach smaller youth organizations in the country who have a focus on sports . The group says there are n't many Kenya-based fashion outlets and that most clothing comes from South Africa . Kourage hopes their industry model could help change the face of business in Kenya by inspiring the younger generation . "  It shows that you do n't have to go to India or China to be successful . This could help boost the economy and generate income and jobs , " Kurji said . "  We hope the entrepreneurship spirit of Kourage will show other young talent that if you have the courage and you persevere you can achieve what you want to . "	Kourage athletics say they 're Kenya 's first athletic brand made and designed in the country The brand officially launched in July and hopes to one day dress Olympic runners The Kourage team pride themselves on being the most ethical athletic apparel company The brand hopes to inspire other young entrepreneurs to follow their dreams
CNN  -- There is no shortage of amazing industrial commercial applications for 3-D printing -- internal organs , stem cells , artificial limbs , art , cars , customizable furniture . But if you had a 3-D printer sitting on your desk at home , what would you make ? Some people know immediately : They 'd create physical Minecraft models , make manga figurines , pop out replacement parts for a motorcycle . But most people will likely see a 3-D printer , think it 's cool , then have no idea what to do next and move on . That could change , though , as dirt-cheap 3-D printers like the Printrbot or new MakiBox simplify the technology and put it in more people 's hands and home offices . "  The market for desktop 3-D printers right now is really makers , professional users and people who have a lot of patience and time , " said Jonathan Buford , the entrepreneur behind the $ 200 MakiBox 3-D printer . The MakiBox attempts to simplify 3-D printing for a more consumer-friendly experience , by lowering the price and reducing the complexity of assembling the devices and minting objects . Amateurs , basement inventors and hobbyists with no experience printing in three dimensions can jump right in and start experimenting with minimal investment . There are trade-offs , of course . The $ 200 version uses only the less expensive PLA plastic , which can melt at a lower temperature than other materials . A $ 300 version of the printer is available that can work with more substances . The final products will be a step down from what you could make with more professional machines . "  We 're not optimizing on quality because we think there 's actually room for ` good enough , ' " said Buford . The idea for MakiBox grew out of the Makible crowdfunding site . The project 's goal was to connect the dots between product prototypes , crowdfunding , and the eventual manufacturing process . Say a product designer comes up with an idea for a pedometer armband . He could raise money from interested mall-walkers , then be guided through the product manufacturing process . Buford has unique experience in all three areas . Based in Hong Kong , he studied mechanical engineering at Carnegie Mellon University and has worked as a toy designer . In 2005 , he struck out on his own , crowdfunding a product before starting a co-working space in Hong Hong called Boot.hk . He launched Makible in 2011 . To get the ball rolling and generate interest in the site , Makible posted a seed project the team had been working on internally : a cheap and fast 3-D printer . Posted in January 2012 , the MakiBox kit was priced at $ 350 and aimed at entry-level consumers who did n't want to drop thousands of dollars on a higher-end desktop 3-D printer like the MakerBot Replicator  $ 2,000  . It quickly raised $ 100,000 , and the team pushed aside the crowdsourcing idea to work full time on the 3-D printer . Now a staff of six full-time employees is perfecting and shipping beta versions of the MakiBox A6 for $ 200 , feeling out the nascent market for cheap 3-D printers . Buford thinks that if the technology becomes more accessible , creative people will come up with broader applications we have n't thought of yet , and desktop 3-D printer sales could take off . Or the 3-D printer could go the way of the home photo printer . When personal photo printers first debuted , there was a spike in sales , but slowly the demand dropped . People were n't printing out as many photos , and if they did it was generally cheaper and easier to have them done by one of the photo services with higher-end printers , such as Wal-Mart or Shutterfly . Staples has already announced plans to offer 3-D printing services in some stores . "  I 'm not really sure there is an established market for this or that people do know what they 're going to use it for , " said Buford . "  It 's a Wild West market right now ; we do n't really know where it 's going to end up . " Over the next six months , Buford plans to contine rolling out the MaxiBox while also returning to the idea of connecting engineers , inventors and product developers to the sometimes confusing world of manufacturing . He 's already seeing a surge in everyday devices that connect to the Internet and is working with local entrepreneurs in Hong Kong . "  What we 're looking at doing is developing tech that bridges that gap between traditional manufacturing and 3-D printing , " Buford said . Part-time inventors experimenting on cheap 3-D printers might be the next wave of people seeking out his help .	New desktop 3-D printers are dropping in price and getting easier to use Makers of the $ 200 MakiBox think there 's a market for "  good enough " printers If more people get their hands on 3-D printing , interesting new uses could pop up
CNN  -- A new World Bank study on illegal logging reports that a football field of forest is clear-cut every two seconds around the globe and the problem is now a "  global epidemic . " The report estimates that illegal logging accounts for as much as 90 % of all timber felled each year , generating between $ 10 to $ 15 billion . The report says the logging is mostly controlled by organized crime , and ill-gotten gains are used to pay corrupt government officials at all levels to turn a blind eye . "  Forestry 's criminal justice system is broken . Despite compelling data and evidence showing that illegal logging is a worldwide epidemic , most forest crimes go undetected , unreported , or are ignored , " says the 56-page report released Tuesday . "  All too often , investigations -- in the rare event that they do take place -- are amateurish and inconclusive . " Read more : Brazil vote sparks fears for future of rainforests A four-year study in Brazil , Mexico , Indonesia and the Philippines -- four forest-rich countries -- found that the probability of illegal loggers being penalized is less than 0.1 % "  We need to fight organized crime in illegal logging the way we go after gangsters selling drugs or racketeering , " says Jean Pesme , Manager of the World Bank Financial Market Integrity team that helps countries combat illicit financial flows . Estimates of financial losses from illegal logging do n't consider "  the enormous environmental , economic and societal costs -- biodiversity threats , increased carbon emissions and undermined livelihoods of rural peoples , " the report says . "  Large-scale illegal operations are carried out by sophisticated criminal networks , and law enforcement actions need to be focused on the ` masterminds ' behind these networks -- and the high-level corrupt officials who enable and protect them , " the report says . "  Pursuing these important targets through the criminal justice system will require creativity and a clear focus on those criminal justice rules and procedures that prove most effective . "	World Bank : Illegal logging now a "  global epidemic " with a football field lost every two seconds Estimates that illegal logging accounts for as much as 90 % of all timber felled each year Illegal forestry generates as much as $ 15 billion a year worldwide , run by organized crime A study found that the probability of punishment is less than 0.1 %
CNN  -- Sarah Palin 's selection as John McCain 's running mate redefined how vice-presidential candidates influence a campaign . Unfortunately for McCain , the Alaska governor hurt his presidential bid more than she helped . Palin , at McCain 's concession Tuesday night , boosted the GOP ticket at first but ultimately became a drag on it . Palin had been unfamiliar to most Americans , aside from some conservative writers and bloggers , who had admired her since she upended Alaska 's Republican establishment by knocking off incumbent Gov. Frank Murkowski in 2006 . That all changed on August 29 -- the morning after Sen. Barack Obama 's acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention -- when Palin was introduced by McCain . It was n't just reporters who were stunned . Even McCain staffers at the event itself were shocked . Many assumed McCain would tap a GOP heavyweight like Mitt Romney or Tim Pawlenty . The most daring option , many thought , would be Joe Lieberman , a former Democrat . See Palin 's path to the ticket " But Palin 's debut instantly energized the Republican base , which had long been cool to McCain , and the GOP ticket surged in the polls . McCain took a shine to Palin 's anti-establishment streak and her familiarity with energy issues . His advisers believed her "  average hockey mom " persona would attract women . The party grass roots admired her devotion to family and her conservative positions on social issues . Watch Palin as McCain concedes the election " But because the Alaska governor was largely unknown , her record and background were immediately under scrutiny . Journalists descended on her hometown of Wasilla to examine her record as mayor and governor , though Palin was still sheltered from questioners . The craving for knowledge spread outside the media and paid huge dividends at the Republican National Convention , when Palin took the biggest stage of her life and assuredly presented herself as both a small-town mother of five and a pit bull who could smile her way through a sharp political attack . The speech garnered mammoth television ratings and rave reviews . McCain came out of the convention with a healthy bounce -- leading Obama by a 10-point margin . Palin 's ratings were also riding high , with nearly 50 percent of Americans viewing her in a positive light . She got bigger crowds than McCain , an unusual phenomenon that underscored her newfound political clout . But a series of missteps began to harm her image and McCain 's standing . Palin was still kept away from the media , even friendly conservative talk radio shows , in a strategy that campaign aides later acknowledged was flawed . Advisers chose to grant interviews only to two networks . When Palin stumbled over foreign policy questions , she undercut the foundation of McCain 's experience argument . Her sometimes-rambling answers in the highly-scrutinized appearances formed the basis for Tina Fey 's "  Saturday Night Live " caricature . Palin held her own on economic and energy issues in the first half of her debate with Joe Biden -- the highest rated of the presidential and vice-presidential debates . But when questioning turned to national security , she seemed to resort to talking points . Back on the stump , Palin began to attack Obama , accusing him of "  palling around with terrorists , " being a socialist and not as patriotic as herself and McCain . Her offensives were often scattershot , appearing at one rally and disappearing at the next . And while Republicans enjoyed the aggression , Democrats and independents were turned off . Over a month , poll numbers shifted and Palin became more of a polarizing figure . Liberals called her the most divisive politician since Richard Nixon or George Wallace , and some former Hillary Clinton supporters said McCain 's selection of Palin was a cynical gambit that would n't help him sway female voters . Palin kept up her rigorous campaign schedule but the problems continued . A long-running ethics investigation in Alaska determined she abused her power in firing the state 's public safety commissioner , though she broke no laws . News broke that the Republican National Committee had spent $ 150,000 on her wardrobe , angering her and prompting her to deviate from the campaign 's game plan . iReport.com : What 's next for Palin ? Aides insisted Palin wanted to speak to reporters but had been reined in . That changed in mid-October when she ditched her staff and launched an impromptu press conference in which she criticized the use of robocalls , even as they were being used for her boss . Later she ad-libbed a diatribe on the wardrobe fiasco , stressing a preference for consignment-store clothing and flashing her $ 35 wedding ring . McCain aides refused to go on the record about it , but they groused anonymously that Palin was "  going rogue , " that she was a "  diva " and "  difficult " to work with . In the final two weeks , Palin was at last given a chance to make in-depth speeches on substantive issues like energy and special-needs children . But the tide had long turned . An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll in October showed she had become a bigger drag on McCain than President Bush , with voters citing her qualifications as their primary concern . A CNN poll released last weekend showed Palin 's unfavorable ratings were twice as high as when McCain picked her , and 57 percent of Americans believed she did n't have the personal qualities a president needed . As for the future , the poll indicated that only four in 10 voters would support Palin if she chooses to run for president in 2012 . But Palin 's fortunes have changed before .	The Sarah Palin pick redefined how running mates can influence a campaign Little-known before late summer , she soon seized headlines and attention She brought energy , popularity but ultimately became a drag on McCain
CNN  -- Some Democrats had dubbed the possibility of a Barack Obama-Hillary Clinton pairing last year as a "  dream ticket , " though the notion that the two once-bitter primary rivals would team up always seemed far-fetched . But then-Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama was more seriously considering picking Clinton as his running mate than any of his senior aides realized , according to a forthcoming book by former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe . Yet in the end , it may have been her husband President Clinton -- who had made headlines for his outbursts on the campaign trail during the primary season -- that ultimately scuttled the possibility . In the book , excerpts of which are running in the new issue of Time magazine , Plouffe said Obama took both him and senior aide David Axelrod by surprise when he insisted on including Clinton on the initial list of potential picks for the No. 2 spot on the ticket . "  Obama was clearly thinking more seriously about picking Hillary Clinton than Axelrod and I had realized , " Plouffe writes . "  He said if his central criterion measured who could be the best VP , she had to be included in that list . " While Obama continued to consider picking Clinton throughout the summer of 2008 , he ultimately eliminated her name from the list in early August , fearing , Plouffe writes , that there "  were just too many complications outweighing the potential strengths . " "  I think Bill may be too big a complication , " Plouffe quotes Obama as saying . "  If I picked her , my concern is that there would be more than two of us in the relationship . " The new book , "  The Audacity to Win , " hits book stores November 3 .	Obama-Clinton pairing was deemed a far-fetched dream ticket by Democrats Obama : "  I think Bill may be too big a complication , " former campaign manager writes Obama was more serious about picking Hillary Clinton for VP than aides realized , book says David Plouffe 's book "  The Audacity to Win , " hits book stores November 3
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Football fans in the UK are ushering in a potential new age of football ownership after plotting a takeover bid for English Premier League Liverpool FC . Fan property ? Liverpool supporters are plotting a takeover of the club . The ShareLiverpoolFC organization is a collective of fans looking to raise enough money to make a serious takeover bid at the club . They are seeking 100,000 people to invest $ 7,000 to raise $ 700m that will allow them to take over from the current owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks . The group plan to have their own fan parliament , fan board and an employed board in charge of the club . But can absolute fan ownership be considered a serious contender to the existing business model ? In the case of Liverpool , the group appears to be making progress -- after releasing an ` open letter ' to the owners inviting them to discuss the purchase of Liverpool FC . Do you own shares in a football club ? Would you want to own and run your team ? Gillett and Hicks completed a $ 490 million refinancing deal with UK and American banks in January -- saddling the club with annual interest repayments of $ 42 million , part of the reason why fans are so keen to take over the running of their beloved club . Across Europe the practice of fans owning is fairly common , particularly in Spain where Barcelona is a supporter-owned club run by around 150,000 of its fans . Real Madrid -- the most successful team in Spanish football -- and Atletico Barcelona also belong to members called "  socios . " In the UK , the move of football fans toward club ownership has been propelled by the threat of overseas owners taking charge and making decisions not favored by the local fans . Football governance expert and management lecturer at the Birkbeck University of London , Dr Geoff Walters , said the reason fans often get involved is to make sure clubs are being "  run as effectively and sustainably as possible . " Walters said some Premier League sides , including Arsenal , had a small percentage of shares owned by the club , while smaller clubs Brentford , Stockport County and Chesterfield were among the teams where fans had a larger stake . Many of those fans were assisted by Supporters Direct , an organization that helps supporters ' trusts from numerous clubs buy shares and have representation at their clubs . However , at the greatest extreme of fan ownership is English conference side Ebbsfleet United . In 2008 , the club was taken over by more than 30,000 individuals through web site Myfootballclub.co.uk . Each shareholder paid # 35  $ 48  to have their say in the club for a year , and could vote on decisions like team selections and ticket prices . According to David Davis , chief executive of Ebbsfleet United , the model has had a few teething problems -- but he feels it could be sustainable . The club had recently lost many members at the one-year renewal , with numerous people citing the recession as the reason for their departure , he said . "  We originally had 30,000 people , " he told CNN . "  We expected to lose a considerable number of these after a year and now we are down to a core of about 10,000 . "  The very positive thing is that we have this solid core of people who are in it for the longer term . If we can get through this season I think we have conquered it . It 's a sustainable model , " he said . Davis said some members got involved with voluntary work at the club and he was surprised at the interests many shareholders had . "  I think it 's still evolving . It 's very clear people are in it for different reasons . Some are in it to pick the team , while others are happy just to try to help out at the club and talk of their frustration with the ` fat cat ' clubs . "  There has been a surprising interest in the business side of it rather than the football side of things , " David said . Walters disagrees with Davis ' optimism for Ebbsfleet , saying fan ownership is possible , but its best derived from within the club 's own fan-base . Walters felt the ShareLiverpoolFC model and the concept promoted by Supporters Direct , were more sustainable as they were geared towards fans of the club . It would be more difficult to retain interest under the Ebbsfleet model where anyone could pay the money and become an owner , he said . "  Because they allow anybody to buy a share . If you 're not a supporter of that club , do you really have an attachment to that club ? "	Liverpool fans are hoping to pool enough money to take over the club Many clubs have small or large stakes of shares owned by supporters British club Ebbsfleet United is owned by an online fan community
CNN  -- At least 130 people have died and dozens are missing after heavy rains triggered flooding and mudslides that buried communities Sunday and left a swath of destruction in El Salvador , officials said Monday . The death toll was "  preliminary , " said Raul Murillo , subdirector of the Department of Civil Protection in San Salvador . Another 13,680 people were staying in emergency shelters , he said . Laura Mata , communications manager for World Vision in El Salvador , said 40 percent of the dead were children . About 60 people were still missing Monday afternoon , said Carlos Alvarado , communications director for the government 's rescue efforts . The most affected departments are San Salvador , La Paz , Cuscatlan , Usulatan and San Vicente . He described the latter as the most heavily affected . The government 's Web site said there were 108 landslides , 209 destroyed buildings and another 1,835 damaged ones . In all , 18 bridges were affected , it said . Private , government and U.N. donations have all been promised , but the needs exceeded supplies , with high demand for food , construction materials , plastic sheeting , medications and -- with a cold front expected to sweep into the area Tuesday -- clothes , Alvarado said . Fumigation efforts were slated to begin Tuesday to reduce the chances of disease . "  There 's a lot of work to do , " he said . Guatemala , Spain and other countries were helping , Mata said . At the 139-bed Hospital Santa Gertrudis in San Vicente , 33 patients sought help overnight in the emergency room , mostly for trauma , broken bones and abrasions , said Dr. Ana Luisa Velazquez , the hospital director . Patients had to be removed from the pediatric unit and women 's surgery unit , both of which were built on low-lying ground and were inundated , she said . Though the hospital had fresh water from its own well , fresh water was in scarce supply in San Vicente , she said . Mata visited the town Sunday . "  All three access roads were completely wiped off , " she told CNN 's Jonathan Mann . "  You could only get there by one lane . Everywhere -- mud , huge rocks . " Electricity was largely out , she said . In addition to losing their homes , many people have lost their crops , she said . President Mauricio Funes declared a national emergency and described the loss as incalculable . About 7,000 people lost homes in the disaster Sunday , officials said . Authorities said the death toll is expected to rise as rescuers scramble to reach regions where roads have been washed away . In some of the hardest-hit areas , such as the capital , San Salvador , roads are completely gone , Mata said . "  You would never imagine there were road systems there . ... Huge rocks , mud , water everywhere , " she said . "  People have lost complete families . " Landslides on the side of a volcano swallowed up a village in Verapaz , Mata said . iReport : Neighborhood slammed with mud and debris Residents in affected areas climbed over boulders as rescue crews waded through muddy water , some carrying young children . Homes , trees and electricity poles , and mountains of mud , covered streets . The heavy rains in the impoverished Central American nation were unrelated to Hurricane Ida , said Saul Ezgardo de la Reyes , a government meteorologist in the Center of Prognostics . "  The rains in Salvador are due to the low pressure system , " he said , adding that it was dissipating Monday . "  We 're waiting for the arrival of fresh air and higher pressure . " On Sunday , 355 millimeters  14 inches  of rain fell near the Saint Vincent Volcano , southeast of the capital , and 196 mm  7.7 inches  fell on the capital itself , he said . Sunday 's inundations were unprecedented , he said . Hurricane Mitch dropped similar quantities in 1998 , but those values were tallied in three or four days , he said . "  This was in practically four hours . " A low-pressure system out of the Pacific triggered the disaster , said Robbie Berg of the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida .	40 percent of dead are children , aid group spokeswoman says Aid is promised , but more is needed as cold front is due Tuesday At least 130 people killed , dozens missing after heavy rains cause flooding , mudslides Mudslides unrelated to Hurricane Ida , officials say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Suits were swapped for jeans and sneakers throughout London 's financial district today , as bankers heeded warnings to dress down to avoid the potential wrath of G-20 protestors . Bankers in London head to work in casual attire . Many city workers have been urged to dress down to avoid attention from protesters . "  Only about 20 percent of people probably just refused to dress down . Everybody else is in jeans , " said Jesse Feldman , a banker at French investment bank , Société Générale . All week banks and investment firms located in London 's City neighborhood have been advising employees to not dress in regular business attire . "  Staff are permitted to wear casual clothing -- jeans/trainers -- commencing March 30 . Avoid briefcases/branded bags/computer cases : Put materials in rucksacks or carrier bags where possible , " U.S. bank , J.P. Morgan told employees in an email statement last week quoted on City news Web site Hereisthecity.com . Employees at Rothschild investment bank in London were told simply not to bother coming into work at all today . Among those who did commute to the office , bystanders said that the bankers are still easy to spot , conspicuously reading UK newspaper The Financial Times or dressing in a uniform business casual look . "  On the tube this morning I thought it was ridiculous because all these bankers could n't have looked more like bankers trying to dress down , " Feldman told CNN . Instead of jackets , ties and Oxford shoes , polo shirts , khakis and loafers now fill the streets around the City and much of central London . "  I saw two bankers wearing matching baby blue sweaters , tight jeans and Church 's -- ridiculous , " Feldman added , referring to the up-scale brand of traditional English shoes . One Web site that covers news and gossip in the City has been tracking the banker backlash to the warnings . "  It 's a mixture : people are falling into two types . The banks and the funds are certainly encouraging the staff to wear casual dress , but some are determined they wo n't cower to protestors and are still showing up in suits , " said Vic Daniels , publisher of HereistheCity.com . On Monday , Bloomberg quoted one City professional , Graham Williams , 66 , who said : "  We 're not pansies ... most of us have played rugby or boxed . "  If any of those guys do get violent against us individually because we are wearing a suit , we will take action . " The site also offers humorous advice for bankers to respond to protestors by dumping "  large blocks of ice " to "  render them harmless , " and encouraging bankers to "  find your inner G20 -LSB- sic -RSB- spot . " Despite the jokes , precautions proved valuable Wednesday as thousands of angry anti-capitalist protestors converged on the City for demonstrations to coincide with the G-20 summit . By midday protestors had started smashing windows at a branch The Royal Bank of Scotland . Earlier in the day 11 people were arrested after being stopped in an armored personnel carrier . Thousands of police are continuing to patrol the streets in anti-riot gear .	Fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in London today Banks and businesses in the City warned employees not to wear suits Some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually "  We are not pansies , " said one defiant City worker , still wearing a suit
CNN  -- They call politics a blood sport , a battle royale , a bare-knuckle brawl . But why use bare knuckles when you can smack your presidential rival with a microphone , light saber or red , white and blue Popsicle ? A new video game for iPad , iPhone and other Apple devices lets players do just that , with the help of President Barack Obama or rival Mitt Romney . "  Vote !!! " comes from Epic Games ' Chair Entertainment , best known for revolutionizing the mobile gaming space with its console-style "  Infinity Blade " franchise . "  Infinity Blade " games have generated nearly $ 50 million in revenue since launching in December 2010 . "  Vote !!! " allows political junkies  and gamers alike  to pick a stylized cartoonish version of their preferred presidential candidate and then duke it out through multiple rounds . The game focuses on arcade-style fighting and encourages players to keep on swinging for more votes . The game includes three 75-second rounds . The fight starts at a national debate and then moves to the White House lawn and concludes in the Oval Office . Before each round , players can customize their Democratic or Republican candidate with an outfit , a weapon and an accessory . In keeping with the humorous tone , everything about this game is over the top . "  We have some great outfits like an Uncle Sam costume , Apollo Creed-like boxing shorts , a super hero get-up and even '70s disco duds , " said Donald Mustard , creative director and co-founder of Chair Entertainment . "  Weapons are also on the fun side with things like an ice cream cone , a rocket pop , a Fourth of July sparkler and a Saber of Liberty , which is the handle of the Statue of Liberty with a light saber coming out . "  My favorite is the microphone , because when you hit your opponent with it , there 's a feedback sound . Accessories include things like sunglasses , an eye patch , a baseball hat , a clown nose , an old powdered wig and a big , handlebar mustache . " As political pundits know all too well , the road to the White House is a long and arduous fight . This arcade game replicates that campaign by going "  old school " and focusing on earning high scores with these bouts . Players are fighting for points , which , in turn , unlock votes . The votes come in tiers , so players earn one vote for a score of more than 10,000 points in a round , two votes for a score of more than 75,000 points in a round , and three votes by topping 250,000 points in a round . Chair has married the gameplay with the vote counting and turned it into a globally connected experience . Using the same technology that allows thousands of players to connect in "  Infinity Blade II 's " ClashMobs multiplayer experience , "  Vote !!! " keeps a running tally worldwide of who 's collecting the most votes . "  The game becomes more than just a single-player fight between Obama and Romney , " Mustard said . "  There 's this cool metagame where millions of people around the country will be playing the game and earning votes . If you 're actually voting for Obama , then you 'll likely be playing as him in the game . So we 'll have this running tally of who 's winning the election , at least in terms of battling it out in this cool new game . " Using the same game mechanics of the "  Infinity Blade " games , players will be able to rack up some seriously high scores through those additional weapons , accessories and costumes . During each round , players will have the ability to pull off a special move such as a back flip or kick flip to hit their opponent and literally knock a bunch of gold coins out of him . "  There 's a lot of depth here as you 're shifting between trying to rack up as many points as you can while not getting hit , but then collecting gold as fast as you can so that you can then get to the end of the round and can get a bunch of free hits on your rival and knock all the money out of him , " Mustard said . In keeping with the election theme , Chair has partnered with Rock the Vote to encourage gamers to vote in the 2012 election . "  It 's our way of having a fun PSA built into the game that is relevant and fits in with the subject matter , " Mustard said . "  We want to encourage our younger voters to pay attention . " Bringing authenticity to the presidential candidates , Chair enlisted voice-alike actors to add humorous quips to the fighting game experience . Gamers who choose Obama might hear him say , "  Oh , yeah . That 's what Barack is cooking ! " Upon winning a fight , Obama will do a little dance and say , "  I 'm gon na Barack your socks off ! " Romney has lines such as "  It 's time to believe in America ! " and "  I 've got a good feeling about this one ! " "  We 're keeping it all nonpartisan and safe but very funny , " Mustard said . "  It 's not too heated . We 're not getting into health care or issues like that . These lines spice up the gameplay and keeps things fun . " Making an election fun is no easy task . And it 's also nice to have something for free , especially during a time when Democrats and Republicans are asking everyone for donations . "  Vote !!! " is n't your typical free app . It runs on the same game engine that 's responsible for some of the biggest game franchises of all time . And it brings to life a rich cartoon-style world of politics and deep fighting mechanics , offering a gameplay experience that can be played by veteran voters , and first-timers , alike . "  Vote !!! " is a free app and is due to be released Thursday .	Video game lets players pit President Obama against Mitt Romney in hand-to-hand combat Game due out Thursday for iPhone , iPad and iPods App keeps track of "  vote " totals worldwide to see who 's winning
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- The man whose investigation of President Clinton provided reams of tabloid fodder is now working to help crack down on photographers working for the very publications his efforts once filled . Photographers surround singer Britney Spears ' car in Los Angeles , California , in October . Kenneth Starr -- the independent counsel whose open-ended investigation of a Clinton land deal veered into an intimately detailed report on the president 's affair with intern Monica Lewinsky -- is helping California lawmakers craft laws to crack down on celebrity-hunting packs of paparazzi . Malibu Mayor Pamela Conley Ulich contacted Starr , now a law school dean at Pepperdine University in Malibu . Local governments in Los Angeles and West Hollywood are also part of the effort to curb what they call a dangerous and expensive problem . "  Just imagine you 're a motorist driving down the street and Britney Spears parks next to you ; all of a sudden you 're swarmed by these people , " Los Angeles city Councilman Dennis Zine said . "  They 've got cameras ; they 're jumping on the hood of my car . "  You do n't know if you 're getting carjacked . You do n't know what 's happening . " The idea of a "  safe zone " around celebrities has been kicked around by L.A.-area lawmakers for years . The push became more intense in the wake of multiple mob scenes around pop star Spears last year , including a virtual siege of her Studio City , California , home and similar scenes during her trips to hospitals . Starr has been in contact with the officials but is "  not ready to publicly comment " on any plan he may have , according to a Pepperdine spokesperson . Lawmakers have set no timetable for when they 'd like to have laws drafted . Police Chief William J. Bratton has argued that there 's no need for new laws to deal with the problem . But Zine and others argue that police resources are stretched thin by the current state of things , citing $ 25,000 shelled out last year for a police escort for Spears . To some , Starr -- the man vilified by liberals for a lengthy and costly Clinton investigation that turned up Clinton 's personal foibles but no major wrongdoing in the Whitewater land deals -- seems an odd partner for politicians in the notoriously left-leaning Los Angeles area . "  The irony is that he was so criticized , so vilified by Hollywood liberals 10 years ago during the Monica Lewinsky impeachment saga , " said David Mark , a senior editor at Politico . "  Now he 's kind of aligned himself with a lot of Malibu residents who probably disagree with him politically . " But Zine , who has been a prime backer of laws curbing the "  Pap Packs , " said Starr 's expertise will be valuable as lawmakers try to strike a balance between public safety and First Amendment freedom of the press concerns . "  I have a lot of respect for Ken Starr , " Zine said . "  We do n't want to violate any rules . We do n't want to violate the Constitution . "  We believe that the Constitution needs to be upheld -LSB- but -RSB- at the same time , we need to protect our celebrities . " CNN 's Carol Costello contributed to this report .	Southern California governments band together to fight celebrity chasers Malibu mayor asked for former independent counsel 's help drafting law Los Angeles police chief says no new laws are needed Some officials say situation is stretching police resources thin
CNN  -- Two-time major winner Rory McIlroy showed glimpses of the form which shot him to the top of the world rankings by hitting a five-under-par round of 67 to share the lead after the opening round of the Wells Fargo Open . McIlroy , who has struggled to produce his best golf since signing with Nike in January , shares the top of the leaderboard with six American players . "  I felt like I played really well , " the world No. 2 told the PGA Tour 's official website after a round which included seven birdies and two bogeys . "  I feel a lot more comfortable with my swing and a lot more comfortable with where my game is at . That 's always going to make it easier . " McIlroy won this event in 2010 and is playing for the first time since tying for 25th at the Masters in April . "  I love this golf course , " added the 23-year-old , referring to the Quail Hallow Club in Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I always seem to play well here , so that 's an added benefit . "  I took the best part of two weeks off after Augusta and did n't touch a club . Flew back out to Florida last Friday , had three or four really good days ' practice , and I feel good about my game . "  I knew if I could just take that from there to here , I 'd do OK . " Alongside McIlroy are the six Americans Ryan Moore , Nick Watney , Robert Garrigus , Derek Ernst , Daniel Summerhays and Nate Smith . Four-time major winner Phil Mickelson and 2007 Masters winner Zach Johnson are part of a six-strong group one stroke further back on four under . "  I really like this golf course , " said Mickelson , who is looking for a first career win at this event . "  I think from tee to green it 's one of the best I 've ever seen . I really enjoy playing here . "  I 've had some good finishes , but you 're right . I have n't been able to break through and get a win . This year , hopefully , it will be different because I am playing well and I do really enjoy it here . "	Rory McIlroy shares the lead after first round of the Wells Fargo Open The World No. 2 shot a five-under-par round of 67 at Quail Hallow Six Americans share the early lead with Northern Ireland 's McIlroy Phil Mickelson and Zach Johnson one stroke back on four under
CNN  -- As Sandy Hook Elementary School students returned to class Thursday for the first time since last month 's massacre , Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy set a two-month deadline for a commission to address the state 's gun laws , mental health policies and public security issues . "  We do n't know the underlying cause of this tragedy , and we probably never will , " said Malloy , who added that that is "  no reason for inaction . " Malloy appointed Hamden , Connecticut , Mayor Scott Jackson to lead a special advisory commission and set a March 15 deadline for an initial report that is expected to be addressed during the next legislative session . "  We can work together to make our state a model for the rest of the nation , " said Malloy , who also called on Congress to enact stricter national gun control laws . The move comes just weeks after a gunman killed 26 people at the Newtown elementary school , including 20 children , ages 6 and 7 . The shooter , 20-year-old Adam Lanza , also killed his mother before breaking into the school with an AR-15 assault rifle . On Thursday , Sandy Hook parents accompanied their children to an emotional first day back in school . "  There was a little bit of anxiety , but everybody was happy to be back in the swing of things , " said Sarah Swansiger , the mother of a kindergarten student . Students from Sandy Hook attended Chalk Hill Middle School in the nearby town of Monroe because the Sandy Hook building remains part of an active investigation . Newtown Public Schools Superintendent Janet Robinson has said that part of the Chalk Hill building had been transformed to resemble an elementary school and that security had also been increased , incorporating an upgraded system of new cameras and locks . "  We want  to have as much  of  a normal routine as possible , " said Robinson . "  Thursday  is a regular schedule , and we will do the kinds of things that we know are good for kids . " Counselors were also on hand to help parents , students , teachers and administrators in coping with the emotional toll of returning to class . Swansiger said that while there were "  some emotional moments in the beginning of the day ... you could n't walk around the corner without someone asking if you were OK . " More : Lawsuit petition withdrawn More : Map of gun permit holders causes outcry More : FBI background checks set record	Gov. Dannel Malloy forms commission to examine state 's guns laws , mental health policies Panel has March deadline for report expected to be addressed in legislative session Sandy Hook students resume classes for first time since December 14 shooting
CNN  -- This week the U.S. president will visit Brussels for the first time . Quite why he has left it to his second term to make the trip baffles many in the EU 's halls of power . And there 's no denying it paints a decidedly underwhelming picture of today 's trans-Atlantic relationship at a time when Russia 's aggression in the east requires it to be strong . Born from the ashes of the second world war , Europe 's alliance with the United States has been a major force for global peace and prosperity , conquering cold wars and fighting for common values . Yet amid allegations of America spying on its friends and Europe 's ensuing grudge , it 's time to redefine those ties so that both parties can move on to the next stage . Like a marriage in which the kids have long flown the nest , the EU and the U.S. have drifted apart . Europe 's countries have crept closer together , pooling their commercial might into one free trade and legislative bloc , just as Washington has entered a new isolationist era . Mistrust has crept in . Younger , burgeoning emerging economies have tempted the roving eve and , though it 's not yet time to call in the divorce lawyers , a reality check is long overdue . So what better excuse to take stock than a comparatively new initiative called the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership , or T-TIP for short , the biggest free trade pact in history and the cornerstone of a new economic age . Let 's face it , trade in itself is not a sexy subject . But if politicians were to let the money do the talking for once , their electorates would sit up and listen . And a few years from now , the pros and cons of increased globalization will yet again make their way higher up the political agenda ; for better or worse . The T-TIP is ambitious . Perhaps a little too ambitious , you could argue , with the goal of creating an open market for the region 's 700 million potential consumers . A move which economists reckon could add about half a percent of growth to both economies by 2027 . Yet any deal will require endless negotiations , consultations with huge swathes of industry , hours clocked up in red-eye flights and much late-night quibbling over health and safety and agricultural trading directives among a myriad other issues . Eurocrats will be sorely disappointed if Barack Obama does not set a clear agenda on this topic in his address . EU Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht told me at a gathering organized by the German Marshall Fund that any trade deal worth having would have to be "  ambitious . " Still , as various rounds of failed WTO negotiations have taught us , there is no use in putting too many issues on the table or nothing will be achieved . To see the light of day , the pact will have to accomplish three broad things . First governments will have to sell the concept to their people and convince them of its economic benefits . Research conducted by the European Commission estimates an open trans-Atlantic area could add 214 billion euros in extra growth for both parties . Secondly the partnership affords both sides an opportunity to tackle superfluous red tape , harmonizing existing rules and regulations , providing a new framework for drafting future legislation . Where the T-TIP pact will really make a difference is on its third goal : investment . Both economies currently enjoy $ 4 trillion of such money flows , supporting 7 million jobs . If the free trade zone were to give business leaders the confidence to see a clearer , less bureaucratic trade climate , such figures would multiply fast . So that 's the theory but what about the practicalities ? Smashing subsidies , eliminating other non-tariff and tariff barriers to trade will be unpopular , especially with so called special interest sectors like chemicals and cars , each deploying their formidable trade lobbies at each twist and turn . To be effective any new rules will also have to govern new , complex and intangible commodities , like data , and balance Europe 's hunt for new energy providers with America 's desire to keep its oil surplus to itself . The initial stages of the free trade zone are unlikely to be passed until after the U.S. midterm elections . Even then , selling the concept to an increasingly protectionist congress will be tricky . And all the while , the European Parliament is coming up for its own vote in May , further delaying the T-TIP timeframe . Yet the opportunity cost to the world 's most influential alliance of not formalizing its lucrative partnership at a time when other deals are being struck elsewhere would leave both sides wrong-footed . The trans-Atlantic relationship needs a new purpose . Although the two may not exactly be celebrating their diamond anniversary , it 's time to renew those vows and start thinking about the putting something extra in the pension fund . And where better to start than with more trade . Read more from Nina dos Santos : Russia sanctions : EU should leave trade alone Scotland and England : Better together or more affluent apart ?	Barack Obama to visit Brussels , the de facto "  home " of the EU , for the first time this week CNN 's Nina Dos Santos says Obama should use the trip to revitalize relations between the U.S. and the EU Trans-Atlantic links have been damaged by allegations the U.S. spied on its European friends The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership may help reinvigorate the relationship
CNN  -- Talk about being a victim of your own success . Among several new initiatives announced by Marvel Entertainment at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival was a two-day giveaway of 700 issues of classic Marvel No. 1 issues via their app . The adventures , new and old , of the X-Men , Spider-Man and the Avengers would be available free , and the first issues would make it easier for new readers to follow . It was an unprecedented offer in the world of digital comics . But perhaps it was one that its technology partner , Comixology , was unprepared for : The servers crashed . One day after the freebies were announced at Marvel 's SXSW panel in Austin , Texas , it was put to a halt -- at least temporarily -- by Comixology . The problem : too much interest . "  We expected a high degree of excitement for the Marvel initiative -- and had believed ourselves prepared -- but unfortunately we became overwhelmed by the immense response , " admitted Comixology 's CEO and co-founder , David Steinberger . "  We 're still struggling to keep our systems up . " Steinberger added , "  We do n't like letting you down . Our teams are working around the clock to resolve these issues so that you can have the experience you 've come to expect . " He said the promotion would be "  pausing for the time being . " Comics readers were told to post their e-mail addresses on a form to be notified when the offer would be back up and running . Marvel posted a statement to its website : "  Marvel fans assembled in record numbers to take advantage of the landmark Marvel # 1 digital comics sale ! The demand has been so overwhelmingly positive , in fact , that a number of technical issues have arisen with our technology partner in getting the more than 700 free issues to each of you . When we have further updates from our partner , we will share them . " The advent of reading comics digitally , especially on tablets , has been seen by some as the future of the comics industry , as print readership continues to decline . To that end , Marvel has increased its presence at SXSW , this year announcing products such as the weekly Infinite Comics , which are specifically designed with the digital reader in mind , and Project Gamma , which adds audio to the digital reading experience .	As part of SXSW , Marvel offered 700 No. 1 issues free for digital download Servers crashed ; readers were unable to download their free issues Comixology 's CEO announced it is "  pausing the promotion for the time being "
