CNN  -- The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Wednesday named its latest inductees , adding talent such as the Red Hot Chili Peppers and 1960s singer-songwriter Donovan . The Beastie Boys , who have been blending hip-hop , punk and other genres since the 1980s , also made it onto the Hall of Fame 's final list for 2012 . So did Guns N ' Roses , the hard rock standard bearers of the late '80s and early '90s , and Laura Nyro , the innovative pop songstress . Other artists inducted by the Hall under the performer category included the '60s British group The Small Faces -- best known for their psychedelic hit "  Itchycoo Park " -- and their subsequent incarnation , The Faces , which featured Rod Stewart . "  It 's quite a thrill and honor to make it in the Hall of Fame a second time , " Stewart said in a statement . "  We  The Faces  were always synonymous with a good party , and with this list of fellow artists being inducted I 'm looking forward to a true piss up ... and it 's a hell of a good reason to reunite and celebrate with my old mates . " The Faces ' Ronnie Wood added in a statement : "  Needless to say we are all very excited about this great honor . At the same time our thoughts go out to the late Steve Marriot -- who Rod and I greatly loved -- and of course to the much missed Ronnie Lane . " The Beastie Boys also expressed excitement . "  We 're in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ? That 's ... crazy and awesome ! " the group said in an expletive-laced statement . "  While we are very proud of the music we make , we have to acknowledge the inspiration from our families , friends and musicians like the Slits , Bad Brains , X-ray Spex , the Treacherous Three and too many others to possibly name . And most of all , we give thanks to New York City and the world of musical influence it provided for us . " On his Twitter account , Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers commented : "  Those Crazy bastards at the hall of fame are putting us in this year ?!! Howabout them apples ! Seriously . . I 'm very humbled and grateful . Wow . " Slash , another inductee , also tweeted , "  Thanks for all the R&RHF mentions , Its quite an honor to be inducted . Cheers ! " The acts that made the final cut beat out competition from the likes of The Cure and Rufus with Chaka Khan , who had been among the nominees . The Hall of Fame singled out the music producer and promoter Don Kirshner for the nonperformer award . Kirshner , whose live TV rock show helped wean 1970s audiences off lip-synched programming , died in January . And it cited the guitarist Freddie King for his early influence on rock and roll . The induction ceremony will take place on April 14 in Cleveland , Ohio . CNN 's Denise Quan and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Others on the final list are Donovan , Guns N ' Roses , The Small Faces and Laura Nyro The Hall of Fame gave its nonperformer award to the producer and promoter Don Kirshner The guitarist Freddie King was cited for his early influence on rock and roll
CNN  -- Zhang Xin is an example of true grit success . She rose from the faceless assembly line of a Beijing factory to a property magnate richer than Donald Trump and Oprah . Her company , SOHO China , literally changed the landscape of Beijing and Shanghai over the past two decades . Forbes magazine has listed her family 's net worth at $ 3.6 billion . And she 's not stopping there . In a private transaction  not related to her company business  , her family and the Safra banking family of Brazil just bought a 40 % stake in the iconic GM building in New York City -- the building that houses the flagship Apple store on Fifth Avenue . Zhang recently sat down with CNN 's Pauline Chiou to talk about everything from her Beijing childhood to the volatile property market and how her 14-year old son tried to get a job at McDonald 's . Failure is part of the puzzle CNN : Did you come across a lot of bumps in the road and a lot of failures ? Zhang Xin : Every day . I mean , I think that 's just life . You will always bump into difficulties , challenges and problems . It appears to be that we seem to be doing quite well , but as it is now , we 're still having challenges every day . So I think that 's just nothing unique . That 's just life . Pivot and dribble around politics CNN : You moved from residential real estate to commercial and now you 're focusing on commercial . Why did you do that , especially when we see new home prices still rising ? ZX : Residential development has become very political . Government policies ... are against any prices going up because this is a very social issue . The government comes out with policies that deal one day with this side -LSB- of the issue -RSB- another day with this side -LSB- of the issue -RSB- . We said , "  Let 's get out of this area . Yeah , let 's move on to somewhere we can really exercise our skills as a developer . " I think the policies are so distorted . Like someone who 's sick , you 've taken so much medicine that you 've lost the sense of which one works and which one does n't . That 's a little bit like the real estate market in China . Grab the opportunities CNN : On the Forbes ' recent list of 24 self-made female billionaires , there are five women from China , one from Hong Kong . What is it about China and the women of your generation that allows them to achieve that highest level ? ZX : Women of our generation went through the Cultural Revolution , went through hardship , went through coming from nowhere . Suddenly , we see China 's been given so many amazing opportunities . So women just seized the opportunity . I think in terms of coming from a low base , coming from nowhere , we 're all equal . In China , there are a lot of problems but also there are a lot of opportunities . Precisely because there are so many problems , things are not established ; therefore , there are opportunities . Have a life outside of work CNN : You 're a mother of two boys . You 're a wife . How do you do the work-life balance ? ZX : I 'm very , very focused on my children . In fact , I 'm very religious about having breakfast with them every morning , having dinner with them every evening , and spend all the weekends with them that I do n't work . So as long as I 'm not traveling , I 'm always with them and I go to their soccer and tennis matches . After dinner we 'd just sit together and do homework with my children because they need help . I love doing that . It also makes me realize the world is so much wider than just your business world .	Worth $ 3.6 billion , Zhang Xin is the world 's seventh richest self-made woman Xin runs China 's largest real estate developer She rose from assembly line of a Beijing factory to property magnate Her family partly owns a 40 % stake in NYC 's GM building
CNN  -- How much of a role do humans play in climate change ? A new report scheduled to come out on Friday will give scientists ' latest take on the topic . The United Nations report is expected to contain language that further identifies the role human activity is playing in increasing global temperatures through burning of fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions . The last report , in 2007 , indicated that it was "  very likely " that humans were responsible for most of the observed warming -- a judgment that corresponds to a confidence level greater than 90 % . A draft that leaked in August raised that confidence level to "  extremely likely , " or greater than 95 % confidence that humans are responsible for the majority of global warming through carbon pollution . The impacts of this warming are already being seen through increases in extreme weather events such as heat waves , droughts and extreme flooding events , which the assessment will highlight . The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century , based upon four different carbon emission scenarios . Those range from a low end which would require significant cutbacks in emissions , to a worst-case scenario in which carbon emissions would continue to climb unabated . The projections will provide more details about sea-level rise , for which observations show rates increasing , and should give a more precise estimate of the levels we will see at the end of the century . Loss of sea ice will also be addressed , and the report will discuss the accelerating loss of sea ice in the Arctic and the slight increase of ice seen in the Antarctic . Hundreds of experts weigh in The latest Assessment Report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change brings together the latest research from top scientists around the field . It contains a "  summary for policymakers " aimed at guiding politicians and lawmakers worldwide on decisions regarding the environment over the next several years . The U.N. panel releases a report every five or six years . Friday 's report is the culmination of work by over 250 authors from 39 countries and was subject to an extensive review process involving more than 1,000 experts . More than 850 expert authors from 85 countries contributed research for the full report , which will be released in three stages through April . The first , on the physical science behind climate change , accompanies the summary for policymakers . The second , expected in March , will cover "  impacts and vulnerabilities " of climate change ; the third , on mitigation efforts , is set to go out in April . Bloomberg : Why Sandy forced cities to take lead on climate change Climate change may increase violence , study shows Critics of the report Despite the overall breadth of the scientific expertise involved , and the extensive review and approval process , the IPCC Assessment Reports spark quite a few criticisms , from both climate change believers and skeptics . Skeptics claim the IPCC exists only to produce further evidence supporting the idea of man-made climate change while ignoring opposing research . But climate change activists , and many climate scientists , believe that the IPCC 's consensus-seeking policy produces conclusions and estimates that are too conservative . Another often-cited critique of the report is that , due to its size and lengthy approval process , it is already outdated by the time it is released . Several important studies already have been published in the past year in the constantly evolving science of climate change that will not be included in this assessment . Despite the critics , this week 's document will serve as a major measuring stick for the current state of the world 's climate and what type of change is in store . The summary for policymakers will be available Friday at www.climatechange2013.org . Climate sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion	The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report every five or six years A draft that leaked in August said there is more certainty that humans are playing a role The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century The first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymakers
CNN  -- There 's been a lot of talk lately suggesting that the era of taking your shoes off when you pass through airport security may be coming to an end . That sounds great , but I would n't get too excited just yet . This may be a ray of hope for those looking for a less burdensome air travel security experience , but it 's really just a tiny piece of what needs to be fixed with security . If it happens , it will only have a very slight impact on the overall experience . The buzz was started by Secretary Janet Napolitano of the Department of Homeland Security . At an event recently , she said that when it comes to air travel screening , "  one of the first things you will see over time is the ability to keep your shoes on . " So , will this be happening soon ? I doubt it . Note the part that says "  over time . " You 'll remember that the rule requiring people to take their shoes off when they pass through security came after Richard Reid put explosives in his shoes and tried to light them in flight . He was n't successful at blowing up an airplane , but he was successful at making security screening more miserable . Traditional metal detectors could n't catch the explosives , so people were forced to put their shoes on the X-ray belt like everything else . Homeland Security gets mixed reviews ahead of 9/11 anniversary Why is Napolitano now suggesting that this rule will end ? The government has yet to find a technology it considers adequate for scanning shoes while they 're still on people 's feet . Until that happens , I simply ca n't imagine any change happening . Maybe this means that a new technology is on the horizon , but we 've seen that song and dance before .  Remember the puffer machines ? This sounds like a lot of talk with no real timeline in sight other than some vague promises down the line . Even if it does happen , will it improve the screening experience enough ? In the same breath , Napolitano also said , "  one of the last things you will probably see is a reduction or removing the limitation on liquids . " Sigh . So you might be able to keep your shoes on , but you 'll still have to pull your laptop out of your bag , limit yourself to a quart-size bag filled with 3-ounce liquids and subject yourself to a variety of screening techniques that use multiple types of machines with seemingly arbitrary rules at every airport . Pistole : Airport security is safer , but no guarantee Some believe that making security more pleasant will help spur more people to travel . That might be the case if the process speeds up enough to make it worth considering air travel for shorter flights that may not be as competitive with the car today . But just allowing someone to keep his shoes on wo n't make much of a difference . Until there is widespread belief that there is a convenient , non-intrusive security method that keeps our skies safe , then the number of people willing to travel wo n't change . Something tells me we are n't going to see any big changes like this for years and years .	Homeland Security secretary : Shoe rule may change "  over time " Government has yet to find an adequate way for scanning shoes Snyder : We probably wo n't see any big changes for years
Washington  CNN  -- Federal agents watched in horror as an unknown male in an internet photo appealed for stomach-churning advice -- how to rape the child beside him . The girl was in pajamas and the man appeared intent on abusing her sometime soon . Homeland Security agents knew they were in a race against time to save the girl . In a narrow , windowless office outside Washington , DC , Special Agent Jim Cole sits at a bank of computer screens . The room is modest but the technology Cole is using is second to none . He showed CNN 's Freedom Project how Homeland Security Investigations agents chase down child pornographers . The tone in his voice changes when he begins to tell us about the 11-year-old girl and the special case , which the agency has termed "  Sunflower . " "  This Sunflower series -LSB- of photos -RSB- was being posted by an individual who was looking for information on how best to rape this little girl and get away with it . " Cole , who has daughters of his own , says he began scanning the photos being posted online for any clues that might give away their location . And he knew , he did n't have much time . "  The advice he was getting online ranged from drugging her to brutally attacking her , " says Cole . "  It was progressing so we were extremely concerned for her welfare . " The agent noticed a blurry highway road sign in the window . It was his first , and best , clue . He and his colleagues set to work . The road sign looked like a sunflower logo -- a clue that led agents to Kansas where the sunflower is the state flower . And the first number on the sign was surely a 2 . But the other numbers were too blurred to be sure which road it was . "  We began looking at the road sign . It really looked to most of us like a highway 203 , and there was a highway 203 in Kansas , -LSB- but -RSB- when we got there , got off the plane the agent from Kansas said "  it 's not 203 , we just drove the whole highway , the sign 's not there . " " So Cole and the other agents got back on the road and started driving every highway in Kansas that starts with a 2 . "  At the very end of the highway where it teed into another highway , we found the sign . I jumped out of the vehicle on a very busy highway and almost got hit by a car . " Knowing the approximate location , Cole called the local sheriff 's department , who recognized a backyard swimming pool in another one of the photos . They conducted a raid ; arresting the suspect before the exploitation could escalate to the point of rape . "  When we went in that morning , -LSB- the 11-year-old girl -RSB- was still wearing those same pajamas as depicted in the images . " An ICE spokeswoman said the girl is now safe and living with her parents . She added the suspect turned out to also be a minor -- 16 years old -- who pleaded guilty and was sentenced to serve 48 months in a juvenile facility . Former ICE Director John Morton , speaking in January , touted the success of this raid and subsequent ones -- named Operation Sunflower after the Kansas case -- that rescued 123 children , reminded Americans that while there was good news to report , the dangers that children face online and elsewhere remain . "  As satisfying as the arrests in Operation Sunflower have been , today is obviously a day of mixed emotions because this operation is ultimately a tale of the perverse , pervasive and violent exploitation of children - very young children to satisfy the dark pleasures of a group of twisted adults , " said Morton . "  Sadly , some of the children were very young . For example , some of the children we rescued were between the ages of two and three . Nine children were between the ages of four and six . " Already in the first six months of 2013 , HSI agents have rescued 337 child victims , and they 've taken 964 alleged child predators off the street .	Federal agents raced against clock trying to save girl in internet image Using high-tech kit , they found a single clue , tracked it down and saved the girl Homeland Security Investigations use combination of computers and old fashioned detective work In 2013 , HSI agents rescued 337 children and took 964 alleged predators off the streets
CNN  -- Candy Torres drove nonstop for 21 hours to see the launch of space shuttle Challenger in June 1983 . She had seen shuttle launches before , but this trip from Princeton , New Jersey , to Cape Canaveral , Florida , was different : Sally Ride was about to become the first female U.S. astronaut to leave the Earth 's atmosphere . Torres was proud to watch the first female astronaut take flight . She was even more proud at the thought of Ride 's achievement inspiring more women to work in the space program . In a field that was almost entirely dominated by men , Torres had been working as a satellite engineer for seven years . Torres shared photos of the launch with CNN iReport as NASA prepared for the final flight in its shuttle program . She recalled the moment of joy these pictures capture : Standing in front of the towering mass of the shuttle Challenger , she smiles as she shoulders the camera she used to record the event . "  Seeing the launch was a confirmation of what I had held on to , " she said . "  Women could achieve their dreams . " Torres , the 57-year-old daughter of Puerto Rican immigrants , is a self-proclaimed "  technorican , " a portmanteau for her love of technology and her heritage . It 's a moniker she earned through years of work : She studied astrophysics at Rutgers , worked on experimental satellite research at Princeton and developed next-generation software for the shuttle program . She came of age with classic science fiction , like the original "  Star Trek " television series . Growing up first in the Bronx and then Newark , New Jersey , the steel palisades of the New York City skyline resembled to her some kind of otherworldly spaceship docked in the Hudson , fueling her already-wild imagination . "  I thought about the future a lot as a child , because I recognized that the present and the past were n't very happy places for people , " she said . "  So , to me , the future was always going to be better . "  And as a Puerto Rican , I really connected with the diversity of the Enterprise 's crew , that vision of a utopian , multi-ethnic future . " Weaned on the vision of an enlightened spacefaring society that "  Star Trek " offered , and inspired by President John F. Kennedy 's call to put an American on the moon , Torres dedicated herself at an early age to working in the space program . "  It was easy to aspire to a future like that where people got along regardless of race or religion , just because they were human . Being a lifelong ` Star Trek ' fan made me see the space program not just as sci-fi , but as a positive vision of the future , at a time when we desperately needed those positive visions . " But as a teenager , Torres faced a chorus of no 's every time she talked with her family and friends about her nascent passion for space exploration . "  No , "  Puerto Ricans are n't astrophysicists . "  No , " women ca n't be astronauts . "  I always knew that if I wanted to reach my goals , I was going to have to work hard and never quit , " she said . "  I had to work through a lot of personal things too , because I was so self-conscious . I was a fireball inside , but socially I was very uncomfortable around other people a lot of the time . But when it 's something that matters to me , the fireball comes out ! " At the age of 14 , she joined the Civil Air Patrol -LSB- CAP -RSB- , and learned to fly a plane before she could drive a car . As one of the handful of female cadets in her troop , she learned marching , drilling and wilderness survival through one of the few such programs in which girls were allowed to participate . Yet her dreams were seemingly cut short by the institutionalized sexism that was all too common in the United States before the women 's rights movement entered public consciousness . "  I guess the moment that crystallized it for me was the day we found out that the girl cadets could n't go on a search-and-rescue mission as part of our classes , " she said . "  We were supposed to go find a businessman who was lost in the woods , but the girls were not allowed . " These denials only strengthened her resolve , equipping Torres with a purpose and drive to match the skills she had already developed in aviation , math and science . At Rutgers , she enrolled in an aerospace engineering program where she was one of fewer than 10 women in classes with hundreds of men . "  They were definitely not happy about having women in the class , " she said . "  I did n't have any kind of support system . I did n't get to know any of the other women , and the guys basically ignored me . " After four years studying topics as broad as astrophysics , astronomy and theoretical geology , she graduated in 1976 with an interdisciplinary major in space science . The day after graduating from Rutgers , she was offered a job at Princeton , where she aided in the development of the experimental OAO-3C ` Copernicus ' satellite program . She worked in the university 's astrophysics department for seven years . There , she frequently collaborated with Dr. Lyman Spitzer , one of the principal architects of the Hubble Telescope . In 1983 , only a few weeks after Sally Ride 's historic launch , Torres was finally offered her dream job : A post at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston . She worked there for two decades as a software engineer and astrophysicist , first on the Space Shuttle program and then as a systems engineer for the International Space Station . Her favorite souvenir from her career at NASA is a life-size cutout of the half-Klingon engineer B'Elanna Torres from "  Star Trek : Voyager . " The cutout 's story began when Roxann Dawson , the actor who portrayed the fictional Torres , visited Johnson Space Center in the late 1990s . Though the two never spoke one-on-one , Torres joked that she was "  the real Engineer Torres . " When Dawson later heard about the quip , she sent her the cutout . For Torres , a simple cardboard cutout from "  Star Trek " embodies both the adventurous spirit of the space program and the personal convictions that carried her through life . "  I will quote my friend Story Musgrave , an astronaut who did some of the Hubble walks , and a former classmate of mine , " she went on . "  He would show a picture of a child at the beach , holding a seashell . We 're all born to be explorers , just like a little child marveling at a seashell . "  I remember being like that , and I like to think I still am . With a lot of people , it gets worked out of you over the years , but I always held on to that childlike willingness to ask ` What if ? ' "	Candy Torres ' love of "  Star Trek " inspired her to dedicate her life to NASA Despite being told that woman could n't work in the space program , she persisted One of the first women to work in aerospace
CNN  -- A twin-engine propeller plane crashed into a house in North Carolina on Wednesday , killing two people on board , authorities said . The small plane crashed into a High Point neighborhood -- clipping one home before crashing into a second and sparking a fire , said Capt. Denita Lynch of the city 's fire department . The people inside the house at the time of the crash were able to escape unscathed . The fire was extinguished . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , the plane was a Hawker Beechcraft BE58 en route to nearby Winston-Salem , but was diverted to nearby Greensboro 's Piedmont Triad International Airport due to severe weather .	The plane had been diverted from Winston-Salem to Greensboro Residents of the home hit in nearby High Point escaped without injuries
CNN  -- Yemen 's government has laid out ceasefire terms to Houthi Shiite rebels fighting in the country 's north , Yemen 's official news agency reported Thursday . Yemeni security forces have been fighting against rebels in the north and south . According to SABA , the government 's demands include removing check points , ending banditry and destructive acts , handing over all military equipment and weapons and offering information on the fate of six kidnapped Europeans who disappeared in June . The announcement of cease-fire conditions by Yemen 's Supreme Security Committee comes only days after Yemeni forces began an offensive against the Houthi rebels in the northern mountainous province of Saada , which is on the Yemeni border with Saudi Arabia . It follows one day after a state of emergency was declared in all regions of Saada Province by the Saada Local Council . The English language Yemen Post reported Wednesday that , according to local sources from Sa'ada , "  army forces and fighter aircrafts launched a massive attack on Houthi leader Abdul-Malik Al-Houthi 's headquarters in Saada province . " Thursday , citing official sources , Yemen Post reported that , over a five-year period of sporadic battles between Yemeni forces and Houthi rebels , over 1,000 government soldiers have died and over 6,000 have been injured . According to Yemen Post , "  it is said that thousands of civilians and Houthi 's followers died in the same period , but the real number is unspecified . " Yemen 's government and Houthi rebels have been involved in intermittent fighting since 2004 . The conflict is believed to be both separatist -- over who will have power in the area -- and sectarian -- whether Shia Islam will dominate even though the majority of Yemenis are Sunni . Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh is also faced with a separatist movement in the country 's south and a growing threat from al Qaeda . Al-Qaeda 's presence in Yemen has been a growing concern for the United States . In late July , Gen. David Petraeus , CENTCOM Commander , and an accompanying delegation , flew to Yemen and met with Saleh . According to SABA , one of the topics of discussion was how to better combat terrorism . Nine foreigners were abducted in June while apparently on a picnic in Saada Province . The bodies of three of them , a South Korean teacher and two German nurses were discovered . Five Germans , including three children and a Briton , are still missing and their status is unknown . It is still unclear who is behind the kidnapping . Initial official statements said the group was apparently seized by Houthi rebels . However , Yemen 's news agency later reported Houthi rebels accused drug cartels of abducting the group and killing the three . In addition , SABA said a spokesman for the rebels accused regional tribes of being behind the kidnappings and slayings . The incident was the latest in a string of kidnappings of foreign workers in Yemen this year . All of the previous hostages had been released unharmed , including 24 medical workers seized in Yemen 's Amran province . In March , four South Korean tourists were killed in the city of Al Shibam when a bomb exploded as they were taking pictures . In January , two female Belgian tourists and a Yemeni driver were killed by gunmen while the three were traveling in a convoy in Al Shibam .	Move follows offensive by Yemeni forces against rebels in north Government and Houthi rebels involved in intermittent fighting since 2004 Conflict said to be separatist -- who will have power in the area -- and sectarian Nine foreigners abducted in June while apparently on a picnic in Saada region
CNN  -- He became the youngest player in European Tour golf history after teeing off at the China Open and Guan Tian-Lang 's record-breaking round was below par -- but not in a good way . The 13-year-old struggled as he joined the big boys at golf 's top table , ending his opening round on five-over-par to sit 149th in a field of 156 . Guan , from Guangzhou , endured a nervous start to his historic round as he joined the likes of Englishman Ian Poulter , who finished seventh at this month 's Masters , competing for the $ 3.1 million tournament prize fund . He made three bogeys and one double bogey in his first six holes and ended the day 12 shots behind leader Matthew Baldwin , from England . But despite Guan 's baptism of fire , playing partner Marcus Fraser , who ended the day two shots off Baldwin , said the schoolboy has a bright future ahead of him . "  I could n't believe I was playing with a 13-year-old -- I am old enough to be his dad , " Australian Fraser told the European Tour 's website . "  It 's pretty scary actually -- I thought I was still quite young . "  He was very impressive for someone who is 13 and a half years old . He hits it long off the tee and hits a lot of very good shots . "  His putting is good and he has good routines . You can see he is very competitive too which you need to be . If he keeps on the path he is on then he can be a great player . "  To be that age and be able to play at this level is amazing . I felt lucky to be out there with him because if he keeps going he will be in the top ten in the world pretty comfortably . "  He is very mature , very driven but he is not being pushed into by his parents -- he wants to go out there and play and improve and that is the main thing . "  A lot of kids get pushed into things but that is not the case here . He really wants it and it is pretty cool to see that in someone so young . " After shedding his early nerves , Guan was more consistent in the second half of his round and shot level par on the back nine . But despite his indifferent start , there 's no taking away Guan 's title as the youngest player at a European Tour event -- breaking the record set by by Taiwan 's Lo Shih-Kai -- who was 103 days older when he played at the 2003 Hong Kong Open . The youngster now faces an uphill battle to fulfill his dream of becoming the youngest player to make the halfway cut and give himself a chance to qualify for the second major of the golf calendar -- the U.S. Open in June . If successful , he would break the record set by compatriot Jason Hak who was 14 years and 304 days old when he played at the 2008 Hong Kong Open . Guan will have his work cut out if he is to catch 25-year-old Baldwin at the top of the leaderboard , after his bogey-free opening round . Although a rookie on the European Tour , the Englishman showed no signs of inexperience as he carded seven birdies at Binhai Lake Golf Club in Tianjin . There is a six-way tie for second a shot behind Baldwin -- with his compatriot Gary Boyd , Dutchman Joost Luiten , Scott Strange of Australia , Jean-Baptiste Gonnet from France , Swede Fredrik Andersson-Hed and South African Jbe Kruger all hot on his heels . Poulter finished on one-under-par while former top ten player Paul Casey , also from England , was on four-under .	Guan Tian-Lang is youngest player in European Tour history , teeing off at Vovlo China Open The Guangzhou schoolboy fails to keep up with elite field , finishing opening day eighth-last Youngster is 12 shots behind leader Matthew Baldwin who is on seven-under-par Performance casts shadow over Guan 's hopes to make cut and qualify for U.S. Open in June
CNN  -- Louisiana State Police investigating wiretapping allegations against the New Orleans Saints football team said Monday they found no evidence any state laws were broken . The investigation began in April after ESPN , citing anonymous sources , reported that Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis had a device in his Superdome suite that was wired to allow him to hear members of the opposing coaching staff from 2002 to 2004 . "  This has been an intensive investigation , and after numerous interviews we have determined that there is no evidence that state laws have been violated , " said State Police Superintendent Col. Mike Edmonson . He cautioned that he was not in a position to comment on the status of a federal investigation that is being conducted by the FBI . When the story first broke , Loomis vigorously denied the accusation . "  In my 29 years in the NFL , I have never listened to an opposing team 's communications , " he said . "  I have never asked for the capability to listen to an opposing team 's communications . I have never inquired as to the possibility of listening in on an opposing team 's communications . And I have never been aware of any capability to listen in on an opposing team 's communications at the Superdome or any NFL stadium . " The allegation came on the heels of another Saints scandal . In March , the NFL penalized the Saints and members of its coaching staff for the team 's bounty program . The unprecedented punishment was handed down after an investigation found that the team had an active bounty program during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons . During this time , players were purportedly offered payments if they managed to hurt opposing players and knock them out of a game . New Orleans Saints GM : Never eavesdropped on foes	ESPN reports that Saints GM Mickey Loomis could eavesdrop on opposing coaches State police find no evidence to support such a claim Loomis vigorously defended himself against the accusation
CNN  Melissa was sold into the sex trade by a family member when she was only 12 years old . Her life became a prison : Chained to a bed in a warehouse , she endured regular beatings , rapes and once was even set on fire by her captors as she was forced to serve 5 to 30 men every day . The experience was enough for her to wish she was dead . And this all took place in Texas -- right here , in our own country . Melissa miraculously escaped her captors but , as is the case with so many other victims , she struggled for years to distance herself from her past , even finding herself in jail on multiple occasions . And while institutionalized slavery has long been cast from America 's history books , thousands of children still suffer from the bonds of sex trafficking . Indeed , with the average age of a victim only 13 years old , these horrific crimes are stealing the innocent childhoods of kids across America . And the problem is n't confined to one part of the country . In , Minnesota , for example , a 12-year-old girl received a text message that she thought was from a friend . It invited her to go to a party and asked her to go to a fast food restaurant nearby . But she did n't get to a party . Instead , she was taken to a hotel and raped by a 34-year-old pimp , forced to take explicit photos of herself that were then posted on Craigslist , before being forced to have sex with two more men who saw the post . These heartbreaking stories demonstrate what is broken about our current system , and why we both feel committed to fixing it . Instead of treating people like these young girls as the victims they are , they are often thrown into the criminal justice system , labeled prostitutes and left with few options but to return to a nightmare that shockingly still exists in the United States . Meanwhile , instead of treating their perpetrators as child rapists and traffickers , they are often simply treated as "  Johns " who , if caught , often pay a fine and go on their way . This is outrageous , and should not be tolerated any longer . That is why we 've joined forces with more than 200 advocacy groups to fight this modern-day slave trade and provide hope and opportunity for its victims . Two bills we have introduced to combat this horrific crime recently passed the Senate Judiciary Committee with strong support and will have the opportunity for consideration by the Senate . The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act  JVTA  would support victims by taking fines and criminal assets from convicted human traffickers and directing them toward services and treatment to help victims restore their lives . The JVTA does n't only help victims , it also arms law enforcement with more tools to go after human traffickers . It ensures these criminals , including "  Johns , " are brought to justice under our laws , because a financial transaction should not mask assault on a child . The second bill is modeled after Minnesota 's "  Safe Harbor " law , which helps make sure minors sold for sex are n't prosecuted as defendants , but are instead treated as victims . The Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act  SETT  would give incentives for all states to have a safe harbor provision . When a state passes a safe harbor law , it means that kids sold for sex are steered towards child protection services , rather than being arrested , charged , or convicted under a state 's criminal statutes . All across the country , from Texas to Minnesota , young people are being robbed of their innocence and subjected to unthinkable horrors and abuse . We must do everything we can to free them from the shackles of sex trafficking . We must join together and take action to combat this modern-day slavery once and for all .	Sens. Cornyn and Klobuchar : Trafficking stealing kids ' childhoods Two bills introduced to combat problem passed Judiciary Committee , they say
Guns are an American pastime . A way to feed a family . A way to protect a family . A way of life . Those are some of the words gun owners use to describe their relationship with firearms and the powerful emotions that stir up when they talk about them . In the days after a gunman killed a dozen theater-goers in Aurora , Colorado , talk turned to gun ownership , access and restrictions , as it often does after mass shootings . CNN iReport went to the firearms owners and asked for their perspective . We received more than 400 iReports from gun owners . The stories of gun ownership in America and the feelings behind it are diverse and not so easily explained . Here are five things they want the world to know : "  Owning a firearm is not a right that I take lightly . " -- Jason Bostic , Fredericktown , Ohio Jason Bostic , a firefighter and information technology director in Fredericktown , Ohio , grew up around firearms and now owns guns for protection , recreational shooting , competition , hunting and investment . When seconds count , he feels confident knowing he could defend himself against a violent criminal . He is aware that gun ownership comes with heavy responsibilities . That has meant attending hunter safety courses , shooting workshops , specific training for pistols , rifles , shotguns and self defense , among other instruction . Fear drives opposition to gun control Bostic is the father of a toddler , who he already talks to about guns . When the time is right , he will teach his boy how to properly handle firearms so the child can pass on the family tradition . "  He does n't touch them , he does n't play with them , and there is no free-willy-nilly pointing toy gun at people , " Bostic wrote . "  He asks questions when they are out or when I am cleaning and doing work on them and they are answered . Most importantly my guns are secured . " "  If you love your children , you will teach them how to handle a real firearm . " -- Ilidio Serra , Aurora , Illinois Too many children are exposed to the fantasy weapons of video games and not real ones , says Ilidio Serra . He calls himself a "  Democratic liberal " but also feels strongly that the more he can take the mystery and glamour out of firearms for his 11-year-old son , the safer his child will be . He thinks other parents should do the same . Debate : Gun owners go head-to-head in wake of Aurora tragedy He knows how that sounds -- an 11-year-old who has his own guns and a mother who allows it . But maybe , he says , "  if more families worked towards how to safely handle firearms , we would have less firearm accidents . " "  Never being exposed to a real weapon by someone who loves them does not allow them to learn what an improperly handled weapon can do , " Serra said . "  With all the video games , kids have become too desensitized to what a firearm really is and what it does . All they get to do is just shoot away ... score some points and never really think about what it really does . " "  Firearms are a way of life . " -- Alexis Frazier , Kamiah , Idaho Alexis Frazier , 29 , grew up fearing guns . But as she grew older and spent time with hunters and shooting sportsmen , she learned "  they are vital tools for survival and have a special culture attached to their use . " Living in Idaho , she now owns pistols , shotguns and rifles for hunting and sport shooting , and says guns "  can be a gateway to a wonderful sportsman lifestyle . " She believes gun owners have a responsibility "  to be kind and sensitive to folks who do n't have exposure to firearms . There is so much fear surrounding this issue and I think mutual understanding and respect can replace this fear if people try . " Jason Lee Van Dyke , a lawyer , pistol instructor and competition shooter in Aubrey , Texas , echoed the sentiments of other gun owners when he wrote , "  shooting is about more than hunting and self defense . It is about having fun . " "  Fun is the reason many people purchase these so-called ` assault rifles , ' because let 's face it , the AR-15 is incredibly fun to shoot , " he said . "  Nobody ` needs ' a Ferrari either -- but a Ferrari is a heck of a lot more fun to drive than a Kia . " "  As a young woman who lives alone and lives in a rather rough area of town , guns are what allow me to sleep at night . " -- Layland Oberschulte , Napa Valley , California Self-described country kid Layland Oberschulte , 24 , has never had to use a gun for self-defense . But she keeps a loaded handgun in her nightstand and an unloaded revolver in her vehicle . "  Some people might say move , find a better city to live in , whatever . I 'm happy where I am and I 'm happy with my ability to protect myself , " she said . "  Those skills come from a lifetime of safe gun training and ownership . " In Ashland , Ohio , Christina Roberto did n't know anything about firearms until she bought her first gun and learned to shoot a couple years ago . She felt that was her duty as a mother , "  in a world where fewer and fewer people take responsibility for their own thoughts , words and actions . " Putting her gun into its holster each morning has become as routine as slipping into a pair of pants or shoes , says Leslie Murray , a mother in Kennedale , Texas . She got her concealed handgun permit about a year ago . When she 's with her daughter , she no longer worries that something bad will happen to either of them . "  I know there are still bad people out there , " she said . "  I feel a peace of mind knowing that the bad people that commit crimes now have one more person secretly fighting against them . " William Cates works the night shift . It comforts him to know his wife sleeps next to a revolver . "  And it comforts her as well , " said Cates , 22 , of Calhoun , Georgia . "  She knows how to be safe with a gun , and how to use it . " "  It disturbs me when I hear people say things like , ` If someone in the crowd in Colorado had been armed , the whole thing could have been stopped . ' " -- Grayson Cash , Savannah , Georgia It 's a point we heard many times . If a gun owner could have carried his weapon into the theater that night , he might have wounded or killed the shooter -- or at least saved some lives . Commenters debated it at length on CNN . Commenters debate guns , ` what if ' "  I would have shot back , " Paul Lambert , 28 , a veteran in Southern Indiana , wrote in his iReport . "  If nothing else , the attacker would have to focus on the civilians shooting at him instead of all the unarmed people running around . " Perhaps . But more likely , it 's wishful thinking to believe "  you could have stopped the whole thing , if only you had been there with your .38 . " said Grayson Cash , an airline pilot who owned his first gun at 13 years old . "  As someone who has some firearm and self-defense training , I find it laughable to think that the average Joe , in a dark theater filled with teargas , could take out a well armed and armored assailant with a five-round .38 special , " he said . "  Arming more people will only eventually end in an accidental death . " Cash said he rarely fires weapons now , except for at the shooting range , and believes there should be strict rules for firearm purchases . "  I do not think the solution is to arm more people . I think the solution is to figure out what is triggering these people to do this , and to work on that . " What 's your take ? See all of the iReport submissions here and add your thoughts in the comments . We tried something new with this story and posted the quotes from gun owners on Pinterest . We encourage you to pin the quotes you like best and keep the conversation going .	After the Colorado shooting , CNN iReport asked to hear from gun owners The reasons for gun ownership in the U.S. are varied and not easily explained "  Firearms are a way of life , " many owners said
Tokyo  CNN  -- Acknowledging the toll the unrelenting nuclear crisis has had on people 's lives and livelihoods , the owner of Japan 's stricken nuclear plant has offered money to some of those in the radiation 's reach -- an offer that one city decided to refuse . An official with Tokyo Electric Power Company , which operates the Fukushima Daiichi power plant , said Tuesday that the utility made a "  token " offer to residents in 10 communities near the plant . Nuclear crisis explainer Starting March 31 , money began going out to those in nine of them . But the town of Namie rejected Tokyo Electric 's offer , with a local official calling it too meager an attempt to make up for a drastically reduced quality of life and income . "  Our people are suffering , and unfortunately , everything we 've built is gone , " Mayor Tamotsu Baba told CNN . "  Where is our direct apology ? " Baba asked . "  Because the cash certainly does n't amount to much . " Tokyo Electric says the amount is an initial token payment , not compensation for losses sustained as a result of the nuclear accident at Fukushima Daiichi . They promise that will come later -- after they have assessed the damage from the accident , which has spread radioactive contamination across much of the surrounding area . The company called the initial offer "  payment for their troubles , " and would not detail how much money is being offered to each community . But Kousei Negishi , who is the manager of general affairs for Namie , said that it was 20 million yen -- about $ 12 for each of Namie 's roughly 20,000 residents . That amount of cash , said Negishi , is "  not enough . " And it is logistically difficult to force local governments to distribute the money , which he said should be Tokyo Electric 's responsibility . Several officials from Fukushima , the prefecture that includes the crippled plant , took their complaints about the company and the evacuation zone to Prime Minister Naoto Kan 's Tokyo office Tuesday afternoon . "  We do n't know if TEPCO understands what we 're going through , " said Katsuya Endo , the mayor of Tomioka , one of the towns that has been evacuated since the accident . Special coverage The company said Tuesday that would be worked out between the power company and the Japanese government , which has pledged to support Japan 's largest utility in the crisis . One week ago , a report from Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimated Tokyo Electric will face compensation claims of 1 trillion Japanese yen  about $ 12.13 billion  if the recovery effort takes two months , the financial company 's Tokyo spokesman Takayuki Inoue told CNN . That figure would rise to 2.4 trillion to 3 trillion yen if the process takes six months , and up to 10 trillion yen if the recovery takes two years , according to the report . Most likely , tens of thousands of people will have a legitimate claim to this cash . They 'll include those who have n't been able to work , who have been forced out of their homes or who otherwise have had their lives turned upside down in the problem-plagued , complicated struggle to contain the emission of radiation into the air , ground and water from the Fukushima Daiichi plant . How to help The government ordered about 78,000 people who lived within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the plant to evacuate , due to high air and ground radiation readings in those locales . Another 62,000 lived within 20 to 30 kilometers  12 to 19 miles  -- the so-called exclusion zone , where people have been told to stay indoors -- an official from Kan 's office said . Namie is located just outside this 30-kilometer radius . Interactive map Thousands of others have been affected by the crisis . They include fishermen , who have been told not to go within 20 kilometers of the plant and are facing consumers skeptical about the safety of local seafood , especially after authorities announced plans to dump 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean . Farmers , too , have been hit hard by restrictions on the sale and distribution of certain crops because of radiation readings exceeding government limits . Tokyo Electric itself has suffered as well . The company has admitted it 's been inundated by 40,000 public complaints daily coming into its offices , its stock has plummeted and its faced several protests , including one Sunday in downtown Tokyo that drew about 250 people . Last week , Chairman Tsunehisa Katsumata acknowledged the financial difficulties and reports that Japan 's government is considering nationalizing the company . "  But  we want to make every effort to stay a private company , " he said .	NEW : "  Everything we 've built is gone , " the mayor of Namie says Tokyo Electric offers 20 million yen to residents of 10 communities near the plant The utility company says more money to those affected will likely come in the future One estimate is that Tokyo Electric will pay $ 12 billion to $ 121 billion in compensation
CNN  -- A line of sailors teeter on the edge of a giant yacht , peering down at the blazing orange island reflected on its lurching hull . The sailboat slices through the gray Mediterranean , passing the Italian island of Capri at just the right moment to catch a dazzling silhouette on its exposed underbelly . It 's an incredible image , captured by Malta photographer Kurt Arrigo as he leaned out of a low-flying helicopter during the Rolex Volcano Race earlier this year . Arrigo has just been named winner of the prestigious World Yacht Racing Forum Image of the Year competition in Gothenburg , Sweden , chosen from an elite pool of internationally renowned sailing photographers . Arrigo said of the winning picture : "  The weather had been bad all day , but the sun suddenly came out for a short while . " "  We were leaving the area but I asked the pilot of the helicopter to fly back briefly over the leading boat -- that 's when I took this photograph . " Veteran racing photographer Christian F  vrier said the image would have been impossible 20 years ago , as film cameras would have struggled to capture a yacht racing so quickly with the same stunning level of clarity . "  The reflection at twilight in the hull was interesting . But the importance of the crew creates a second point of interest , " he said of the lauded image . The fifth annual competition , sponsored by Mirabaud & Cie Private Bankers , is only open to professional photographers , this year attracting 46 of the best racing images from 2012 . The spectacular photos captured some of the biggest events in the sailing calendar , from brutal waves bombarding competitors in the America 's Cup to the festive atmosphere of the London Olympics . Competitors were judged on technical elements such as clarity , lighting , composition , and also originality . "  If you look at the images , hardly any could be taken by someone who 's not heavily involved in the industry , " Bernard Schopfer , one of the organizers of the event , said . "  Very often you have to be hanging out of a helicopter with no door or on board the racing boat in extremely violent conditions . It 's also an investment to have the right equipment that can withstand the salt water . " The impressive images were whittled down to the top five by delegates from the World Yacht Racing Forum . The difficult task of choosing a winner was then decided by a panel of industry heavyweights . Judges included two-time sailing Olympic gold medalist and CNN Main Sail broadcaster Shirley Robertson . Ben Ainslie , who won his fourth sailing Olympic gold at London 2012 , also sat on the panel , adding that the moving photographs had "  paid a great tribute to the variety and richness of the sport of sailing . " Arrigo , who has already published two photography books on his native Malta , was awarded a trophy at the event .	Malta photographer Kurt Arrigo wins World Yacht Racing Forum Image of the Year Picture of competitors in Rolex Volcano Race praised by judges for originality Fifth annual competition only open to professional photographers Judges included Olympic gold medalists Shirley Robertson and Ben Ainslie
CNN  -- So what did we learn at Sunday night 's Golden Globe Awards ? First off , we learned that sketch comedians are so much better at giving acceptance speeches than rock stars , screenwriters and actors who 've won Oscars and Emmys for dramatic roles . "  Who knew ? " as Andy Samberg put it when he delivered one of the evening 's most compact acceptances , for best lead actor in a TV comedy or musical in Fox 's "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine "  a surprise winner for best comedy series , by the way . We also learned that actresses say the darnedest things on TV when they 're drinking a lot .  What was that Cate Blanchett said about Judy Garland and barbiturates when she got the Globe for best actress in a drama in "  Blue Jasmine " ? One trusts that the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which sponsors the awards , has also learned that when you nominate somebody four times for a Golden Globe over four decades without giving her one , you 'd better be prepared for retributive pain when you finally come through . Though I have to admit that as the ceremonies trudged along , part of me was hoping Jacqueline Bissett , who finally won a Globe for best supporting actress in a TV movie , miniseries or series as a lonely dowager in "  Dancing on the Edge , " would get called back for more ragged stream-of-consciousness and disregard for decorum . The authenticity of her speech , which included a bleeped expletive , somehow burst through the ceremony 's glitz -- and , at 69 , she still made for a gorgeous-looking train wreck . But did we learn for sure who 's going to win the Academy Awards on March 2 ? Not really . 5 things we learned from the 2014 Golden Globes It 's true that Blanchett came away as big a favorite in her category as she was before the pipes burst earlier that night , flooding the red carpet . But nothing short of a tsunami will stop her appointment with the best actress Oscar for her rendering of a shattered socialite . The rest are not so clear . "  12 Years a Slave " won the best drama Globe , matching most advance expectations . But it did n't win as many Globes as the best comedy or musical winner , "  American Hustle . " Both Amy Adams ' win for best actress in a comedy or musical  which was mildly unexpected  and Jennifer Lawrence 's win for best supporting actress  which was n't  seemed to boost "  Hustle 's " profile in the Oscar race . But both "  Hustle 's " director , David O. Russell , and "  Slave 's " director , Steve McQueen , lost the best director race to Alfonso Cuaron for his orchestration of the harrowing "  Gravity . " Let 's face facts : Though some insist on seeing the Globes as an Oscar tip sheet , you ca n't easily align awards that split their categories between comedy and drama with those that do n't . Period . There have been some years where a Globe drama winner gets the best picture Oscar  2001 's "  A Beautiful Mind "  and the comedy-musical winner does n't  "  Moulin Rouge ! "  . Then there are those years when the opposite is true .  1998 , when "  Shakespeare in Love " won best picture while "  Saving Private Ryan " did n't  . And then , too , there are those years when neither of the Globe winners is in the best picture winner at the Oscars  1992 , when "  The Silence of the Lambs " bested both "  Bugsy " and "  Beauty and the Beast , " and 1993 , when both "  Scent of a Woman " and "  The Player " lost to "  Unforgiven , " and 1991 , when ... and we could go on and on ...  . So as usual , we 're left at the end of another Golden Globes show wondering , what exactly was the point ? That is , besides the comedy factor , both intended  hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , who did n't have nearly as much to do this year as last  and unintended . Golden Globes : Best moments and GIFs Maybe it 's best to look at the Globes less as tea leaves or portents for future awards and more as shiny paper for the global village to unwrap every January as the true beginning of Hollywood 's ritual of self-congratulation . The various film critics awards are  for the most part , anyway  more measured and thoughtful signals as to what will be taken seriously between holiday openings and Oscar night . But the Globes are when the moms , mall rats and reality-show audiences begin noticing what the more serious and solemn movies are doing with themselves as their makers and actors campaign for support from the Academy voters . You can downgrade their importance or dismiss their results as much as you like . But the Golden Globes are , like it or not , an Occasion-with-a-capital-O , much like weddings , Thanksgiving and other rituals that often provoke sentiment and warmth -- and slavishness and inappropriate behavior . So wait for the trade awards to get their results out and hope that whomever 's in charge of these awards does n't take anything Bissett says too seriously . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : What did Golden Globes show ? Actress + drinking = interesting speech He says Blanchett , Bissett livened things up with frank remarks ; hosts had less to do He says even with two best picture awards , Globes are flawed predictor of Oscar winners Seymour : Globes mostly flashy kickoff of awards season ; critic awards better predictor
What if the world 's most distinguished human rights organization decided to condone pimping ? Unthinkable , right ? But that 's what happened when Amnesty International put forth a document calling for the legalization of prostitution . For 50 years , the global women 's movement has been fighting the selling and buying of human beings , which has a name : slavery . For decades , feminists called for criminalizing the buyers while decriminalizing the women they buy ; offering women support services ranging from safe harbor through drug rehabilitation to education and skills training ; and enforcing laws that criminalize pimps , traffickers and brothel owners . The response was that it would never work  and feminists were crazy , sex-hating Puritans  . The sex industry fought back , both openly -- It 's the "  oldest profession , always been with us " ; it represents "  sexual liberation " -- and covertly , through funding happy-hooker-type groups , rebranding prostitution as "  sex work , " and praising it as a career choice indistinguishable from any other . Have you ever met an 8-year-old who said , "  Ooh , I wan na grow up to be a hooker " ? The numbers of prostituted women who suffer post-traumatic stress disorder are in the same range as combat veterans and refugees from state sponsored torture . They are also disproportionately survivors of child sexual and physical abuse , rape and battery , kidnapping , assault with a deadly weapon , and addiction to drugs and/or alcohol . Vednita Carter , a survivor activist , has noted that every prostituted woman has been forced , whether or not she seems to "  choose willingly . " Racism , violence and poverty are ever present forms of coercion in the sex industry ; consequently , poor women and women of color have a disproportionately large presence . And we 're only now discovering the enormous impact of prostitution on women in native communities . As the survivors succinctly depict it : $ Does Not = Consent . There is , as Kathleen Barry pointed out in her classic , "  The Prostitution of Sexuality , " a single interrelated mega-enterprise of sexual exploitation . We know the trajectory of , say , a young runaway from an abusive home : First , the offer of work in "  films . " Then , the "  temporary " turning of a trick or two , which becomes a permanent deployment in prostitution . Finally , she finds herself being moved around as a trafficked commodity . Despite this reality , the phrase "  sex work " became fashionable among some well-meaning people who assumed that this term meant respect for the women involved -- when actually it signifies approval for the context in which such women were trying to stay barely alive , or from which they were trying to escape . Nevertheless , progress seemed possible . Sweden , Norway , and Iceland passed legislation holding customers responsible for buying human beings for sex , criminalizing the buyers and offering the women support programs . This is known as the Nordic Model . The French parliament voted last December to follow Sweden 's model ; similar laws are pending in the parliaments of Belgium , Ireland , Scotland and Canada , and the European Parliament favored it with a strongly affirmative vote on February 24 , 2014 . See , the model works . Since Sweden began enforcement , street prostitution has been reduced almost by half and trafficking has declined . This unglues the arguments of those who treat trafficking as a separate issue from "  sex work . " Is it less enslaving to be bought in your own country rather than another ? Contrarily , countries with legalized prostitution have greater inflows of human trafficking , according to a study published in ScienceDirect . Then , just when it seemed sanity was winning , the respected human rights organization Amnesty International appears to have come out on the side of the sex industry . An Amnesty International document , "  Decriminalization of Sex Work , " argues that pimps and johns should be "  free from government interference " and allowed to "  exercise their autonomy . " It says governments have an obligation to establish an environment where pimps can operate freely to engage prostituted people ; to do otherwise "  threatens the rights to health , nondiscrimination , equality , privacy , and security of persons . " The document also insults the disability community by claiming that men with disabilities require access to prostituted women to further their sense of "  life enjoyment and dignity . " Amnesty International has argued that the document is a draft and is in the discussion stage . But Amnesty International representatives appeared at the Northern Ireland Assembly in January , lobbying to strike down proposed legislation that would criminalize customers for buying prostituted women . What 's even more stunning is that a former member of Amnesty , is proudly claiming credit for having first raised the issue of legalizing pimps and brothel owners at the organization , which he says resulted in the policy recommendation . A campaigner for the International Union of Sex Workers who and calls himself a "  sex worker " , he and his partner run a major escort service . Amnesty , however , denies his involvement in the draft document , saying he had "  zero input . " Amnesty came to this on its own , then ? Hard to know which is worse . It took decades for the global women 's movement to convince Amnesty that human rights were not reserved for male people . Now , Amnesty International London has set things back by considering a shocking violation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . But this time , the "  crazy , puritanical feminists " ca n't be dismissed ; we 're backed by national governments who 've proved our point -- and saved women 's lives . This time survivors must be heard . On March 8 , a mass protest will be held at Amnesty International 's London headquarters , and a worldwide virtual protest is building online . A global petition to Amnesty and a Facebook page called Virtual Protest of Amnesty International has full information . We hope Amnesty will regain its soul -- and realize that survivors ' rights are women 's rights are human rights .	Amnesty International put forth a document calling for the legalization of prostitution Robin Morgan : Prostitution is selling and buying human beings , which amounts to slavery Morgan : Prostituted women have high rates of PTSD , many are child abuse survivors She says we should criminalize buyers . Amnesty should reject decriminalization
CNN  -- The Philippines could begin feeling the effects of a powerful typhoon churning toward the island chain as early as Sunday , forecasters said Saturday . Typhoon Megi , also known as Typhoon Juan , is expected to make landfall by Monday in northern Luzon at or near super-typhoon strength with winds possibly in excess of 200 kph  124 mph  , according to the Philippines ' Science and Technology Secretary Mario Montejo . Strong winds and storm surge were the largest concern . As of 4 p.m. Saturday , Megi was located 820 km  510 miles  east of northern Luzon with winds of 140 kph  87 mph  with higher gusts , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration reported . Montejo said the government is alarmed by the speed and strength of the typhoon . He warned of potentially devastating effects the storm may wreak in Luzon . As the storm moves across the rugged terrain of Luzon , it is expected to decrease in intensity before moving out over the South China Sea . Megi is expected to dump large amounts of rainfall over the mountains , which could potentially trigger mudslides and localized flooding . CNN 's Judson Jones contributed to this report .	Typhoon Megi is expected to make landfall Monday The island chain could begin feeling its effects Sunday Winds could be in excess of 200 kph as it hits northern Luzon
CNN  -- The "  disgusting " blob in Fred DeNegri 's Diet Pepsi can was probably a frog or toad , the Food and Drug Administration said . Amy DeNegri took pictures of the can in question right after her husband gagged on its contents . DeNegri was grilling in his backyard tiki bar in Ormond Beach , Florida , when he popped open a can of Diet Pepsi , took a big gulp and started gagging , his wife , Amy , said . He emptied out the can down a sink but something heavy remained inside . He shook the can until something resembling "  pink linguini " slid out , followed by "  dark stuff , " Amy DeNegri said . But the heavy object inside the can never came out , she said . "  It was disgusting , " said Amy DeNegri , 54 . "  And now , what started out as a normal afternoon in our tiki bar has blown up into this crazy thing . " The DeNegris took pictures before calling poison control and the FDA , which showed up the next day to examine the can in question and collect it for lab testing . The couple received a copy of the completed report last week from the Food and Drug Administration Office of Regulatory Affairs , which concluded the foreign matter appeared to be a frog or a toad . Watch CNN 's Nicole Lapin discuss the results " "  The animal was lacking internal organs normally found in the abdominal and thoracic cavity , " the report notes . A second , closed can from the same 36-pack of Diet Pepsi from Sam 's Club , was also submitted for testing , according to Amy DeNegri . No abnormalities were detected , the report states . The FDA also conducted an investigation at the local Pepsi bottling plant in Orlando from August 4 to 11 and "  did not find any adverse conditions or association to this problem , " spokeswoman Siobhan DeLancey said . "  We have not determined when or how the contamination occurred , " DeLancey said in an e-mail . Pepsi says the FDA results "  affirmed " the company 's confidence "  in the quality of our products and the integrity of our manufacturing system , " according to spokesman Jeff Dahncke . "  The speed of our production lines and the rigor of our quality control systems make it virtually impossible for this type of thing to happen in a production environment . In fact , there never has been even a single instance when a claim of this nature has been traced back to a manufacturing issue , " Dahncke said in an e-mail . "  The FDA conducted a thorough inspection of our Orlando facility and found no cause for concern . In this case , the FDA simply was unable to determine when or how the specimen entered the package . " When asked if Pepsi believed it was not responsible for the animal getting into the can , Dahncke said , "  We have addressed the facts of the investigation and stated our position . It 's not appropriate for us to comment beyond that . " But the DeNegris say they 're hopping mad over Pepsi 's handling of the matter . Amy DeNegri said she has n't heard from Pepsi since the day after the incident occurred , when she spoke with someone over the phone . At first , the woman was apologetic , but DeNegri says her attitude changed after she told her that the FDA was coming to take the can for testing . "  She asked for my pictures , I sent them and never heard back , " she said . The retired school staffer says she and her husband are seeking legal advice to examine their options . "  I want to see Pepsi fess up to it and compensate my husband for the negative publicity they have caused , " she said . "  I 'm easy , but they 're the ones that are making it hard . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Fred DeNegri and wife found matter resembling "  pink linguini " in Pepsi can in July FDA concludes blob is toad or frog "  lacking internal organs , " not sure how it got there FDA examined bottling plant in Orlando , did not find anything connected to incident Pepsi says FDA 's finding affirms its confidence in integrity of manufacturing system
CNN  The case of a Georgia woman , whose execution was postponed for a second time Monday , is once again shining the national spotlight on one of the most fundamental questions we as a nation face : When do we put our own citizens to death ? But it 's an issue on which this country is all over the place . "  As it relates to crimes against individuals ... the death penalty should not be expanded to instances where the victim 's life was not taken . " That was Justice Anthony Kennedy , writing for the majority in Kennedy v. Louisiana  2008  . You might think at first the Department of Justice is n't listening . After all , the U.S. federal government lists dozens of capital offenses that are punishable by death , and not all of them involve a victim 's life being taken . They fall into three main categories : 1  homicide offenses ; 2  espionage and treason ; and 3  nonhomicidal narcotics offenses . While most of them involve the death of a victim , not all of them do . But what happened to all that "  should n't expand death penalty to crimes where the victim 's life was not taken " language from the Supreme Court ? Does n't the Department of Justice have to listen to the Supreme Court ? They do , and they have . The Department of Justice has read the high court 's fine print in Kennedy v. Louisiana : "  Our concern here is limited to crimes against individual persons . We do not address , for example , crimes defining and punishing treason , espionage , terrorism , and drug kingpin activity , which are offenses against the State . As it relates to crimes against individuals , though , the death penalty should not be expanded to instances where the victim 's life was not taken . " Ah . As with most things , there are exceptions to the rule -- though reasonable minds may differ on the reasoning behind those exceptions . Apparently , when we are talking about crimes against people , the death penalty should not be expanded to nonhomicide-type crimes . If it 's a crime against the state , well , it 's game on . After all , treason is one of three crimes mentioned in the U.S. Constitution , so there 's a good argument that the federal statute authorizing death for treason is "  constitutional " -- because it 's actually in the constitution .  Yet another reason why federal court is not a place where defendants want to be -- it 's no secret defense attorneys would rather be in state court , where the penalties are less severe and where everything is n't illegal  . While it varies from state to state , as a very general proposition , the death penalty is almost universally reserved for the crime of murder . Murder is a subcategory of the broader class of homicide , and death penalty crimes are normally a subcategory of murder . As another very general proposition in the States , murder -- plus something on top that makes it more egregious -- is what will qualify as a capital crime . It would be nice to say that capital murder in the states is always defined as an intentional killing , but even that has exceptions . In fact , in some states , you can be executed for a victim 's death even if you did n't actually pull the trigger and even if you never intended a death to result . If you commit an inherently dangerous felony , and a death results , you can be charged with "  felony murder , " which in some states qualifies you for the death penalty . According to the Supreme Court , this is constitutional , as long as the defendant significantly participated in the felony and was recklessly indifferent to human life . Ultimately , it 's nearly impossible to articulate a simple rule for determining which crimes our society deems worthy of the death penalty . Society 's view of the death penalty is constantly evolving , and so is the view of appropriate death penalty crimes . As a general rule , horrific murders qualify , but sometimes a nonhomicide crime such as espionage qualifies . If you are in the armed forces , even more crimes can get you executed , such as desertion . That 's particularly paradoxical that we might order our military personnel to intentionally kill in times of war and then execute them -- as was the case of Pvt. Eddie Slovik -- for refusing to intentionally participate in the killing . Of course , we have long recognized that military justice requires a degree of martial discipline that the civilian world simply does n't . While the husband-wife execution of convicted spies  and nonkillers  Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were certainly high profile at the time , the modern reality is that every person executed since the reinstatement of the death penalty in 1976 participated in a crime in which a victim died . So what exactly will earn you the death penalty ? The message is anything but clear . For crimes against the person , it has to be pretty awful : A killing plus something that makes it even worse than your garden variety homicide . If your crime is against the state , however , the Supreme Court will give the state some leeway in killing citizens .	U.S. federal government lists dozens of capital offenses punishable by death Danny Cevallos : Society 's view of death penalty is constantly evolving
CNN  -- A Louisiana justice of the peace who drew criticism for refusing to marry an interracial couple has resigned , the secretary of state 's office said Tuesday . Keith Bardwell resigned in person at the Louisiana secretary of state 's office , said spokesman Jacques Berry . The state Supreme Court will appoint an interim justice of the peace to fill Bardwell 's position , Berry said , and a special election will be held next year to fill the position permanently . Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to perform a marriage ceremony for Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond , Louisiana , and sign their marriage license . The two were married by another justice of the peace . The couple filed a federal discrimination lawsuit against Bardwell and his wife , Beth Bardwell , on October 20 , claiming the two violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment . Bardwell , speaking to CNN affiliate WBRZ , said he was advised "  that I needed to step down because they was going to take me to court , and I was going to lose . " "  I would probably do the same thing again , " he said . "  I found out I ca n't be a justice of the peace and have a conscience . " Sen. Mary L. Landrieu , D-Louisiana , who had called for Bardwell 's dismissal , said Tuesday night that "  Bardwell has finally consented to the will of the vast majority of Louisiana citizens and nearly every governmental official in Louisiana . Bardwell 's refusal to issue marriage licenses to interracial couples was out of step with our Louisiana values and reflected terribly on our state . We are better off without him in public service . " Initial reports were that Bardwell refused to issue a marriage license to the couple , but in the lawsuit Humphrey and McKay say they obtained the license from the parish court clerk 's office and contacted Bardwell to see if he would perform the ceremony and sign the license to legally validate the marriage . Humphrey wound up speaking by telephone with Beth Bardwell , the lawsuit said , and Beth Bardwell asked Humphrey if they were a "  mixed couple . " When told they were an interracial couple , Beth Bardwell said , according to the lawsuit , "  We do n't do interracial weddings , " and told her the two would have to go outside the parish to marry . Bardwell did not return repeated phone calls from CNN in October , but told CNN affiliate WAFB that he had no regrets about the decision . "  It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " he said . In addition , he told the Hammond Daily Star in an October story that he did not marry the couple because he was concerned for the children that might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " he said . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Humphrey said in October that she wanted Bardwell to resign . "  He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist , " she said . According to the lawsuit , Bardwell estimated he refused to marry at least four other interracial couples in the past 2 1/2 years . "  Defendant Beth Bardwell ... aided , abetted and conspired with defendant Keith Bardwell to deprive plaintiffs of their constitutionally protected civil rights , " according to the suit . No response to the suit has been filed , and it was unclear whether the Bardwells had retained an attorney . The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages , claiming that Humphrey and McKay suffered emotional distress as a result of the incident . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has said he believed Bardwell should lose his license , and the National Urban League called for an investigation into the incident by the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , saying in a statement that Bardwell 's actions were "  a huge step backward in social justice . " According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black . The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially-based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 ruling in the case Loving v. Virginia . In the unanimous decision , the court said that under the Constitution , "  the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the State . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Keith Bardwell resigns in person at Louisiana secretary of state 's office , official says Bardwell refused to marry couple after he found they were of different races They filed federal lawsuit ; Louisiana governor called for Bardwell to resign
Baton Rouge , Louisiana  CNN  -- My son , Gordon , died aboard the Transocean Deepwater Horizon oil rig on April 20 , 2010 . That statement , standing on its own , might say everything about my life these days . But in truth it says little . Although I am consumed with grief over the loss of Gordon , because I am a lawyer , I am needed elsewhere . Gordon 's older brother Chris and I are directing all our energies to try to make right an outdated law that would deprive my daughter-in-law , Michelle , and her two boys , my grandsons , of "  more nearly fair compensation " for the loss of their husband and father . I make careful use of the term "  more nearly fair compensation " because no amount of money could ever compensate any of us for Gordon 's loss . Our loss , and the loss of everyone who ever knew Gordon , is incalculable in mere dollars . But our system provides that money damages must be paid by wrongdoers when they cause the death of another . Judges and juries do their best to arrive at the "  most nearly fair " amount to try to compensate loved ones for their losses . In a system that is imperfect , the Death on the High Seas Act stands alone in the draconian way it limits the recovery of damages for wrongful deaths on the high seas . It is a law passed in 1920 , almost a century ago , and it was intended to provide for widows and others who lost breadwinners to wrongful acts at sea . But the law provides only for the recovery of "  pecuniary " damages , known popularly as "  out-of-pocket expenses . " Michelle and her sons , one of whom was born a few weeks after Gordon was killed , are entitled to recover only the loss of the income Gordon would have earned , minus any income taxes , and minus whatever amounts it is determined he would consume himself . Once that figure is established , an economist would be employed to estimate the present day value of those future losses . As the law stands , that final number is all that BP has to pay Michelle and her sons . Common sense tells us , though , that the loss of Gordon 's paycheck is relatively insignificant compared with the loss of Gordon himself . When Michelle tells her boys about their dad , she 's not going to show them a pay stub . She 'll tell them how much he loved them both , how funny he was , what a good golfer he was and how much others loved to be around him . One of the last things Gordon , a 1 handicap , got to do was to give Stafford , age 2 , his first golf lesson . It was , of course , the last golf lesson he will get from his father . So how much is "  most nearly enough " to compensate them for Gordon 's loss ? That will be for jurors to decide once they have heard evidence , not only about how the disaster happened , but about the loss that will always be felt by those who loved him . Senate Bill 3463 , introduced by Sen. Patrick Leahy ; and House Resolution 5503 , by chairman of the Judiciary Committee and Rep. John Conyers , seek to address the inequities of DOHSA . Both proposals , which have multiple co-sponsors , allow for the recovery not only of pecuniary damages , but non-pecuniary damages as well . "  Non-pecuniary damages " are defined as "  loss of care , company and companionship . " That definition is intended to describe the very great loss suffered by his survivors apart from his earnings alone . Few knowledgeable people dispute the growing evidence that BP was negligent in the way it bungled the completion of the well and caused this blowout , and that its negligence was "  willful and wanton , " terms used in maritime law for centuries to provide for the award of punitive damages against this kind of egregious misconduct . Sadly , after the Exxon Valdez disastrous oil spill , the United States Supreme Court in Exxon v. Baker ruled that punitive damages may be awarded in maritime cases only on a 1:1 ratio with compensatory damages . Of course , that holding defeats the purpose of punitive damages . Punitive damages are assessed against wrongdoers for the same reasons we put criminals in jail : to punish the wrongdoer ; to teach the wrongdoer not to act that way again , and to set an example for others . The punitive damages as reduced by the Supreme Court in Exxon v. Baker did none of those things . So Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse has introduced Senate Bill 3345 , which simply provides that in computing punitive damages in maritime cases , the amount of compensatory damages is not to be considered . As I testified before the House Judiciary Committee , making BP pay punitive damages will hit BP where its heart would be , if it had a heart . Support for these bills is growing , but we expect opposition from all the companies who do n't want to pay fair compensation when , by their fault , someone on board their vessel is killed . Cruise lines have consistently opposed changes to DOHSA . Many of their passengers are , because of their youth or advanced age , not providing financial support to anyone . If a cruise ship crew member negligently kills one of these passengers , the cruise line is liable for funeral expenses and nothing more . All companies involved in offshore drilling and shipping have been vigorously opposed to changes in DOHSA . The argument these companies make to congressmen and senators is simple : We do n't want to pay "  more nearly fair " compensation when we kill people . It will cost us too much money . They probably go so far as to claim a change in DOHSA will inevitably result in the loss of valuable jobs in each congressman 's district . The Transocean Deepwater Horizon disaster has shined a bright light on the deadly results of negligence on the high seas . It is time for Congress to recognize that a reprehensibly unfair situation has existed for decades . Now is the time for cruise lines , the petroleum industry and the shipping companies to finally stop using their economic might to prevent reform . They must support -- not oppose -- these bills . The American people will be watching . More and more learn each day about the unfairness of DOHSA . Legislators who listen to lobbyists instead of their constituents may regret that choice in November . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Keith D. Jones .	Keith Jones ' son Gordon died on BP oil rig leaving behind wife , two sons Jones trying to change law that deprives Gordon 's family of fair compensation , he says Law passed in 1920 only pays for lost wages if death caused from malfeasance Jones : Law must change , despite big oil , shipping and cruise lines ' opposition
CNN  -- It is a well known fact in golf -- nobody who wins the Par 3 contest at Augusta goes on to win the Masters in the same week . Ryan Moore will be the latest man who trying to avoid the curse after carding a six-under 21 to win the competition Wednesday . U.S. star Moore , whose best finish at Augusta came in 2005 in 13th , finished two shots clear at the top of the leaderboard . "  I 'm not afraid of it , " he told reporters after being asked about the curse . "  You never know , someone has got to break that curse at some point in time , so hopefully it 's me . "  It was fun having my boy out there and playing a round with a couple of friends . That 's what it 's for , to kind of make you relax a little bit and just go and enjoy yourself the afternoon before . " The idea for the Par 3 Contest was the brainchild of Clifford Roberts , a former chairman and co-founder of Augusta . Sam Snead won the first competition in 1960 and it has since become an integral part of the lead up to the Masters . Players invited their wives , girlfriends , mothers and children to caddy for them Wednesday as traditions were maintained . Rory McIlroy , who is one of the favorites for the title , allowed tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki to carry his bags for the day . Elsewhere , several babies were seen on greens as crowds flocked to see Jack Nicklaus , Gary Player and Arnold Palmer in action . The real action begins Thursday at 7.45 am local time with Stuart Cink of the U.S. getting proceedings underway alongside South Africa 's Tim Clark . Defending champion Adam Scott goes out in the 16th group with Jason Dufner and English amateur Matthew Fitzpatrick . McIlroy , who is aiming for a third major , goes out next with Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed .	Ryan Moore wins Par 3 contest at Augusta Moore shot a six-under 21 to win Wednesday Nobody who has won competition has gone on to win at Augusta Masters hopefuls enjoy time with families ahead of opening day
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- The Japanese women 's soccer team won the World Cup after defeating the United States on penalty kicks Sunday night , rallying from a pair of one-goal deficits to capture its first-ever world title . Japan had come into the tournament as sentimental favorites , helping rally a nation that had been devastated by a March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami and nuclear disaster . For the United States , it was more a disappointment -- especially considering that the team twice relinquished leads . While the U.S. had the most chances during the run of play , the Japanese dominated the penalty-kick phase 3-1 to earn the win . The Americans dug themselves a hole by missing their first three kicks . "  We lost to a great team , we really did , " U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo told ESPN , which broadcast the game . "  I truly believe that something bigger was pulling for this team . " Americans gathered in bars , living rooms and other places rode an emotional roller coaster , their hopes high on multiple occassions only to be dashed in the end . Japanese residents were also glued to their televisions , despite the game starting around 4 a.m. local time . In one Tokyo eatery , for instances , scores adorned in the team 's colors burst out in joy once their team beat the U.S. squad for the first time in 26 tries . The shoot-out was mandated only after Japanese midfielder Homare Sawa scored with a few minutes left in extra time , tying the score 2-2 . Japan answered a U.S. goal -- also in the overtime period -- when U.S. forward Abby Wambach put her team ahead by heading home a pass from Alex Morgan into the back of the net . There were many heroes for Japan . One of them was Aya Miyama , who tied up the score with 10 minutes left in regulation by finishing off a scramble in front of the net . Before then , Japan had its back against the wall after Morgan herself scored the game 's first goal . This came after the Americans controlled much of the early action , but could n't capitalize . In the first-half alone , a U.S. player hit a goal-post , and on another occasion , Wambach rattled the crossbar . Japan also had its own point-blank chance about 30 minutes into the game ; that was saved by Solo , the American goalkeeper . It was more of the same in the second half , with Morgan ringing a ball off the post from several feet away just three minutes in . Then , Japanese goalkeeper Ayumi Kaihori tapped a Wambach header just over the crossbar 15 minutes later . The game -- which began at 8:45 p.m.  2:45 p.m. ET  in Frankfurt , Germany -- capped an eventful tournament that saw a number of favorites including Brazil , Sweden and the host nation of Germany fall by the wayside . The Japanese shocked the host nation in the quarterfinals . In that same round , the U.S. team needed last-minute heroics to beat Brazil and advance . Team USA had been hoping -- and ultimately failed -- to become the first squad to win the women 's World Cup three times , having also captured the title in 1991 and 1999 . Steve Sklar , one of tens of thousands of Americans who watched Sunday 's game , said the U.S. team succeeded in getting many of his countrymen excited about the sport . "  Anything that gets soccer played in the United States is great , " Sklar told CNN from a New York bar , minutes after the contest ended . "  And the fact that so many watched this game is awesome . " While the U.S. team played for bragging rights and to boost the sport 's profile in their home country , Japanese players were hoping to give their citizens something to smile about after this spring 's massive earthquake and tsunami . "  To be in the final is , to be honest , like a dream , " Japanese player Homare Sawa told FIFA before the game . "  We know USA are a great and strong team , but they have weak points , too , and there 's always a chance to score . " The Japanese players had won over their share of fans , with Solo of the U.S. team calling them "  the sentimental favorites " for helping to lift the spirits of their devastated nation . "  They 're playing for something bigger and better than the game , " the American goalkeeper said in a conference call prior to the match . "  When you are playing with so much heart , that 's hard to play against . " The U.S. team , meanwhile , captured the hearts of Americans for its creativity , dazzling plays and free spirit . Their white-knuckle wins kept fans engrossed and revamped interest years after the team 's last win in 1999 , before a packed house at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke by phone with the U.S. team Sunday before the game , wishing the players good luck and telling them that America is proud of how well they 've done . "  I just got the highest hopes that this great team , which has shown such resilience , will be coming back and winning for the U.S. , " Clinton told reporters , adding that she plans to watch the game from Greece . Her daughter Chelsea Clinton was among those attending Sunday 's game in Frankfurt , part of a delegation that included Jill Biden , wife of the U.S. vice president . "  This country needed someone to cheer for , " said Cat Whitehill , who played on the last two U.S. World Cup teams , after the game . "  To see the support from so many different people , it 's really neat to see . " The U.S. team was known for its energy , often evident in the locker room where the players were known to sing and dance . On the field , Swedish-born head coach Pia Sundhage said she trained them to play with verve and openness . "  I guess there 's a reason they hired me from a foreign country , " Sundhage said . "  They wanted change . It was risky to make too big of a change because then  the team  would lose a lot of confidence . " The team faced a Japanese squad that was faster and more tactical than most they 'd faced , some American players said . "  They are the biggest surprise in the tournament , " U.S. defender Ali Krieger said of her opponents , prior to Sunday 's match . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. goalkeeper says she feels "  something bigger " was pulling for Japan Both the U.S. and Japanese teams scored goals in extra time , tying the score 2-2 Japan was a sentimental favorite after a devastating earthquake and tsunami The victory gives the Asian nation its first ever World Cup title
RealSimple.com  -- A lack of intimacy caused their relationship to stagnate -- until a sex therapist helped them reconnect , both physically and emotionally . Elke Govertsen and Paul Donaldson Missoula , Missouri Married seven years Sex with Paul had stopped being fun , says Elke , 35 . "  In the middle of it , I 'd make to-do lists in my head or interrupt to ask , ` Did you let the dog out ? ' " Five years after their 2004 marriage , Elke and Paul found they could go weeks without being intimate -- something the couple , who had been inseparable since meeting in their 20s as camp counselors , would have once found unimaginable . For a time , they even joked to close friends that Elke wished she could read a book during intercourse . Around the middle of 2009 , the situation stopped being funny , says Elke : "  We became too lazy to be romantic . " Their conversations "  were strictly utilitarian , " she says . " ` Can you pick up the kids ? ' ` Did you pay that bill ? ' ' I need to be out of town on Saturday . ' " At first Elke blamed her husband 's job for their eroded connection . His event-staging business requires him to travel extensively every summer to set up concert stages for popular musicians . During that time , Paul was home for only a few days every two weeks , leaving Elke to juggle her job as the publisher of a regional women 's magazine and caring for their two sons , Boone , eight , and Dimitri , six . Elke felt lonesome when Paul was gone and resentful when he returned . Paul was equally miserable . "  All the hard work and late nights I was putting in were for nothing , " he says . "  What good is success if you 're unhappy ? " Knowing how much her sons missed their father , Elke encouraged Paul to spend what time he had at home with the boys . He often fell asleep on their bunk bed while reading stories and would stay there until morning , prompting the children to refer to the master bed as "  Mommy 's bed . " Finally , during one late-night call in July 2009 , Elke blurted out , "  This is n't working . " Paul felt the same way . But when Elke suggested they consider a separation , he balked . "  I could n't imagine finding someone else who has Elke 's rare blend of brains , grace , and beauty , " says Paul . "  We had spent such a large portion of our lives growing and changing together . " But he admitted to feeling out of sync with her , too . The couple batted around the idea of seeing a therapist but dithered for months over finding one . Then , this past March , Elke 's magazine held a contest for local business owners , and a clinical sexologist was chosen as the winner . "  I called to congratulate her -- and immediately made an appointment , " says Elke . During that first session , the sex therapist pointed out that the pair had fallen into a trap common to many couples with young children . "  We kept waiting to feel less busy or less tired before we had sex , but that physical connection was the crucial thing we were missing , " says Elke . Their therapist suggested they stop taking sex so seriously and try to flirt with each other again . Following her advice , Elke and Paul went separately to a local pub and pretended to meet for the first time . "  We felt ridiculous , but it was fun , " says Elke . "  The role-playing got Paul and me laughing again . " They also changed their routine at home . To turn off her "  work brain , " Elke moved her laptop out of the bedroom and into a home office . Instead of zoning out in front of the TV , the couple insisted on spending every night together from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. And when Elke complained that she still sometimes just wanted to sleep when she got into bed ? The sexologist told her , "  Well , have sex somewhere else then . " Elke and Paul saw the therapist five more times over the next few months . "  Speaking candidly about our sex life was awkward , but it turned out to be essential , " says Paul , 34 . "  Sex really is a barometer of how much fun a couple can have together . " Once he and Elke began to relax and tease each other again , their physical relationship improved , and so did their emotional bond . By late spring , says Elke , "  we had become that couple who hold hands at parties . " Last summer , when Paul came home between concerts , Elke did n't foist him off on the kids . "  I need Paul 's attention , too , " she says . "  He and I have seen what it 's like to have nearly separate lives , and it 's important to us that we do n't go back to being strangers . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Five years after their marriage , Elke and Paul found they could go weeks without being intimate The couple consulted a sex therapist to rekindle their romance When their physical relationship improved , so did their emotional bond
CNN  -- "  Rethinking grid dependence in new climate reality . " That was my sole tweet in the aftermath of Sandy , sent after four long nights with my wife and daughter in our cold , dark living room , cut off from the infrastructure -- and the people -- that normally keep us going . Indeed , in a reality where charging a cell phone requires finding a friend who not only admits to having power but also agrees to let you come over and plug into it , the relationship of self-sufficiency to community resources takes on a whole new meaning . And it reflects not only the core themes of the election , but also the main conceptual challenges facing our society at the dawn of the digital age : Do I depend on the collective , or do I go it alone ? ` Insane , ' ` inspiring ' New York polling places in Sandy 's wake In the hard-hit areas of Lower Manhattan , Queens , Jersey and the unlucky suburbs , people who had their own generators , supplies , and wood stoves fared better than those of us depending on downed wires , closed supermarkets , and electrically ignited furnaces for power , food , and heat -- at least for a while . Some offered extension cords from their homes , or even a spot on the floor to sleep . Others nodded in acknowledgment when they heard of our misfortune , but offered no help -- as if they did n't understand that we were suffering from more than the inconvenience of no cable TV . Their quizzical looks seemed to say , why should their own success -- but for the grace of God , in many cases -- obligate them to help others ? LZ : Obama still fighting for those who are hurting This all changed soon enough , when they lost the ability to find gasoline to power those generators , ice to keep the food cool , or dry firewood to burn . Then they were out scavenging for resources like the rest of us . In my little world of media and technology , self-sufficiency had more to do with having chosen to keep copies of all of my work files , computer programs , and entertainment right on my own devices rather than depending entirely on the miracle of cloud computing . This meant that when my family finally evacuated our frigid home  turns out fireplaces do n't make much heat  , we could bring my book drafts and my daughter 's American Girl movies along with us . I 'm no doomsday prepper , but I have always had reservations about relegating my files to the servers of others . When we finally arrived at the closest open hotel room to our home in New York 's suburbs -- it was downtown Philadelphia -- we did n't bother with any of our technology , anyway . My daughter was excited to see and play with other kids -- families relocated by FEMA from devastated parts of New Jersey , arriving at the hotel with dogs , hotel vouchers , and printed Google maps . Now that I was in a hotel lounge with working WiFi , I really did n't care anymore about whether my work was getting done , or whether I could dazzle my Twitter followers with any insights or witticisms about this whole mess . I did n't care about the election or about the New York Marathon , or least of all about e-mails about work . Anthony Bourdain says help NYC restaurants : Eat out , tip big Instead , I sat in a hotel lounge with working WiFi , and along with a half dozen dads my age , watched our childhood rock 'n' roll heroes -- Springsteen , Aerosmith , and Billy Joel -- perform at a telethon over images that may as well have been our own neighborhoods : fallen trees , crushed homes , families wading through the floods . Sting came on and did a strange , acoustic version of Message in a Bottle . There with my fellow displaced Sandy victims , I realized that I , for the first time , was on the other side of the telethon . I was the one "  sending out an S.O.S. " Although I had fared a lot better than the poor denizens of Breezy Point or the Rockaways and I was n't going to be seeking a FEMA reimbursement or need help rebuilding my home , I was still on the victim 's end of the equation . I was the person looking to be shared with rather than looking how to share  or hoard  what I had . With found time to rethink my approach to life and its inevitable disasters , zombie apocalypse scenarios playing out in my head , it became clear to me that the ideological divide America seems to be facing is a false one . Those of us needing help were n't lazy or weak , and those in a position to provide it were able to do so only by virtue of collective resources . Opinion : Jersey Shore , I 'll miss you The only home generators that worked all week , for example , irrespective of the long lines at the pump , were the ones that used natural gas , itself the product of the energy grid . The men getting in fights over the few available gasoline generators being sold out of the back of trucks at the local Home Depot  as a 125-pound intellectual , I did n't stand a chance  may have proven their muscle , but ended up with at best three hours of heat before they went in search of nonexistent fuel . See , what we used to call the commons -- the resources and technologies used by everyone -- are what make individual success even possible . A shared resource like the Internet may allow great entrepreneurs to break from the pack to achieve wild success , but they need to continue to invest in the commons , not as a form of charity or penance but as a self-interested strategy for their own sustainability . Or , put another way , the family that shares its electricity and living room with less fortunate storm victims will have more friends collecting firewood when the lights go out the next day . Those of us who got hit hard will remember who was there with an open hand , and who was n't . As the checkout lady at the A&P said to me this morning , "  it takes something like this for people to show their true colors . " Then she added , with a smile , "  at least now you know . " New Jersey lets Sandy victims vote via e-mail People who managed to succeed in the crisis employed mixed strategies . They did make wise personal preparations -- such as wood stoves instead of ineffectual fireplaces , natural gas generators instead of gasoline ones , a good supply of stored food and water . But they also employed ones that showed an awareness of the need for infrastructure , the importance of longer term thinking , and the strength of community . Our political parties make it out to be an irreconcilable distinction , as if America had to choose between one path or the other : greed or compassion , liberty or communism . But there is no choice . We do not choose between our personal success and our collective welfare . We do n't get one without the other . The storm that broke records -- and hearts The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Sandy 's aftermath points up something about election issues "  Do I depend on others , or go it alone ? " is false dichotomy , he says He says those needing help were n't lazy ; those providing it did it from collective resources Rushkoff : Personal success needs concern for collective welfare
CNN  -- During the 1970s and '80s it was said that what happened in Gdansk moved the world . The shipyard in the Polish port city employed around 20,000 workers building container ships and vessels for the navies of many East European communist countries . It was also the birthplace of the anti-communist Solidarity trade union movement started by shipyard electrician Lech Walesa , and the spark that would help lead to further civil resistance against communism across Eastern Europe . Now 30 years on , the shipyards are a very different place . Only around 2,000 people are employed in the yards and construction halls and work is sporadic . Occasionally cruise ships will be refurbished here , but aside from ferries , there are very few large ships being built . But there is one operation helping to keep a small portion of the struggling shipyard afloat and is as far from its origins as can be . Sunreef Yachts is a French company that has been building its high-end catamarans in Gdansk since 2002 . "  We are building history as well , because it started with big container ships and we are continuing with pleasure boats for millionaires from all over the world , " says Sunreef 's Rafat Lenartowski . Poland 's economy grew by around 4 % last year and large-scale luxury goods companies have been relatively untouched by the global economic downturn . That is good news for Sunreef 's local employees , many of whom are highly-skilled shipwrights or specialists , and are second or third generation workers of the shipyards . "  This is important for me , " says Adam Muczynski , a 32-year-old employee of Sunreef , whose father was an electrician during the 1980s . "  All people talk about the shipyard in Gdansk . This factory is really important for all Polish people , really . " The construction halls have produced over 60 luxury vessels and many in the city and within the company hope that Gdansk 's best days do n't have to be in its past . "  We have still a lot of offers that are coming into our shipyard , especially from the emerging markets , " says Lenartowski .	Gdansk was birthplace of Poland 's Solidarity trade union movement in 1980s Shipyards today employ a tenth of former workforce French luxury yacht manufacturer has been based in Gdansk since 2002
Seoul  CNN  -- Amid the war of words and escalating threats emanating from north of the border , for many in South Korea the focus has been on the annual cherry blossom season . For South Koreans , the arrival of spring guarantees a few things , even in times when headlines echo the threats of conflict : hard-core hikers out in droves , fresh produce in the markets and trees up and down the peninsula blossoming into great swaths of soft pinks and yellows . Springtime is famed as cherry blossom season and greatly anticipated in a number of cities and towns across South Korea . Most notable among celebration cities is Jinhae , located a short bus ride outside of Busan along the southeast coast . Here , the annual Jinhae Cherry Blossom Festival commemorates the season 's ephemeral beauty . An estimated 340,000 cherry trees line Jinhae 's streets , rivers and train tracks , and dot surrounding mountainsides . More than one million South Korean and international visitors attend the festival each year . The festival originated in 1952 and added the Naval Port Festival to its celebrations in 1963 . Honoring Admiral Yi Sun-Shin , famous for guiding victories against the Japanese during the Joseon Dynasty , the naval festival marks the only time during the year when Jinhae 's Republic of Korea Naval Academy campus and Naval Museum are open to visitors . A full-sized replica of the 16th-century turtle ships used by the Admiral are among the displays . Cherry blossom fans commonly seek photo ops of train tracks beneath a canopy of pink flowers , and around Yeojwa stream and promenade , which is lined with blossoming trees and canola flowers . The latter location was made famous in scenes from the Korean drama "  Romance , " and has become a hot spot for couples taking photos . As with most festivals in South Korea , the Jinhae Cherry Blossom Festival can be crowded . Cheap , abundant , varied and delicious , festival food carts supply a delicious selection of all things fried , grilled and glutinous . Barbecue chicken on a stick , sausage , grilled squid and octopus , corn on the cob and tteokbokki  rice cakes in spicy sauce  are available for only a few thousand won  a few dollars  . More adventurous is beondaegi  boiled silkworm larvae  . A reliable sit-down option at any local restaurant , dolsot bibimbap is a mixture of rice and vegetables topped with an egg and spicy sauce served in a hot stone bowl . It 's one of the most satisfying and popular meals around , and goes great with local makgeolli  Korean rice wine  . For visitors , the Jinhae Cherry Blossom Festival makes a memorable day trip . Direct trains and buses travel to Jinhae from Seoul and Busan . Direct buses from other locations can be limited , though buses connecting through other cities are plentiful . From Changwon , for instance , the local 151 city bus serves Jinhae and travels directly to key festival sites . Thanks to its southern location , Jinhae 's cherry blossoms peak earlier than most in South Korea . The blossoms are expected to end this week . If you miss the blooms here you might be able to catch them a little further north . Jinhae-gu , Changwon-si , Gyeongsangnam-do ; +8218991111 ; festival admission is free ; 8:30 a.m.-9 :30 p.m. ; Website	More than one million flock to festival Jinhae has some 340,000 cherry trees Season ends soon , lasts longer further north
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Ameneh Bahrami is certain that one day she 'll meet someone , fall in love and get married . But when her wedding day comes , her husband wo n't see her eyes , and she wo n't see her husband . Bahrami is blind , the victim of an acid attack by a spurned suitor . Ameneh Bahrami said her attacker pestered her with marriage demands . If she gets her way , her attacker will suffer the same fate . The 31-year-old Iranian is demanding the ancient punishment of "  an eye for an eye , " and , in accordance with Islamic law , she wants to blind Majid Movahedi , the man who blinded her . "  I do n't want to blind him for revenge , " Bahrami said in her parents ' Tehran apartment . "  I 'm doing this to prevent it from happening to someone else . " Bahrami says she first crossed paths with Movahedi in 2002 , when they attended the same university . She was a 24-year-old electronics student . He was 19 . She never noticed him until they shared a class . He sat next to her one day and brushed up against her . Bahrami says she knew it was n't an accident . "  I moved away from him , " she said , "  but he brushed up against me again . " Watch Bahrami return to the attack scene for the first time " When Bahrami stood up in class and screamed for him to stop , Movahedi just looked at her in stunned silence . He would n't stay silent for long . Bahrami said that over the next two years , Movahedi kept harassing her and making threats , even as he asked her to marry him . "  He told me he would kill me . He said , ` You have to say yes . ' " On a November afternoon in 2004 , Movahedi 's threats turned to violence . That day at 4:30 p.m. , Bahrami left the medical engineering company where she worked . As she walked to the bus stop , she remembers sensing someone behind her . She turned around and was startled to see Movahedi . A moment later came the agonizing pain . Movahedi had thrown something over her . What felt like fire on her face was acid searing through her skin . "  I was just yelling , ` I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! For God 's sake , somebody help me ! ' " The acid seeped into Bahrami 's eyes and streamed down her face and into her mouth . When she covered her face with her hands , streaks of acid ran down her fingers and onto her forearms . Watch how the still-pungent acid destroyed Bahrami 's clothes " Two weeks after the attack , Movahedi turned himself in to police and confessed in court . He was convicted in 2005 and has been behind bars all along . Bahrami 's lawyer , Ali Sarrafi , said Movahedi had never shown any remorse . "  He says he did it because he loved her , " Sarrafi said . Attack victims in Iran usually accept "  blood money " : a fine in lieu of harsh punishment . With no insurance and mounting medical bills , Bahrami could 've used the cash , but she said no . "  I told the judge I want an eye for an eye , " Bahrami said . "  People like him should be made to feel my suffering . " Watch how the acid destroyed Bahrami 's eyes  includes graphic content  " Bahrami 's demand has outraged some human rights activists . Criticizing acid-attack victims is almost unheard of , but some Internet bloggers have condemned Bahrami 's decision . "  We can not condone such cruel punishment , " wrote one blogger . "  To willingly inflict the same treatment on a person under court order is a violation of human rights . " Late last year , an Iranian court gave Bahrami what she asked for . It sentenced Movahedi to be blinded with drops of acid in each eye . This month , the courts rejected Movahedi 's appeal . Bahrami 's lawyer , Sarrafi , said the sentencing might be carried out in a matter of weeks . He said he does n't think Bahrami will change her mind . Neither does Bahrami . "  If I do n't do this and there is another acid attack , I will never forgive myself for as long as I live , " she said . Bahrami is largely self-sufficient despite not being able to see . She can make a salad , prepare tea and walk up the five flights of stairs that lead to her parents ' apartment . She has undergone more than a dozen surgeries on her badly scarred face , but she says there are many more to come . She ca n't afford to pay for her medical care , so she 's using the Internet to raise money . She 's lost her big brown eyes , but she likes to smile , especially when she imagines her wedding day . "  I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown , and why not ? "	Woman blinded , disfigured by acid wins case to have attacker also blinded by acid Ameneh Bahrami wants "  eye for an eye " punishment to be deterrent to others Court-ordered blinding of Majid Movahedi may happen within weeks , lawyer says
CNN  -- Remember "  You 're money , baby " ? Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau making the L.A. bar scene in "  Swingers " back in 1996 ? In the film , couples go to the Eden Resort , which is offering a great package deal on relationship counseling . They were young and hungry then , and there was insolence in their hustle , but at least they pressed their case : They knew they were sharp enough to be players . Since then , Favreau has gone on to direct blockbusters like "  Elf " and "  Iron Man , " and his buddy Vaughn has stacked up a string of hits in the company of Frat Packers Will Ferrell , Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson . Well , they 're not hungry anymore , and not so young either . Between them  and with an assist from Dana "  What Happens in Vegas " Fox  , they have cooked up "  Couples Retreat , " a marriage comedy that coincidentally doubles as an enviable excuse for an extended shoot in Bora Bora . Watch the stars talk about the shoot " That 's the tropical location of the Eden Resort , which is offering a great package deal for married couples looking for relationship counseling . Jason and Cynthia  Jason Bateman and Kristen Bell  want to give it a shot , and persuade their supposedly happily married friends Dave and Ronnie  Vaughn and Malin Akerman  , Joey and Lucy  Favreau and Kristin Davis  , and Shane and his 20-year-old girlfriend Trudy  Faizon Love and Kali Hawk  to join in the fun . Apparently , nobody has trouble raising the fare , even in these recessionary times . Once there , however , they are dismayed to find Eden is run with iron discipline , and the mandatory therapy sessions soon expose serious cracks in each of the relationships . Directed by Peter "  A Christmas Story " Billingsley -- another old friend of Vaughn 's -- "  Couples Retreat " ca n't decide if it 's satirizing New Age-y therapies or exploring marital breakdown . So it gives us a little of both , with some sub-Apatow sex humor on the side . As a commercial recipe , that 's fine . America 's ticket buyers have shown time and again they 're desperate for a laugh and willing to overlook widespread mediocrity to get it . But you might hope for something a bit less lazy from this team . And should n't a movie with "  Couples " in the title be less lopsided in its approach to the sexes ? I guess in contrast to such boys-will-be-boys romps as "  The Hangover " and "  Wild Hogs , " at least this time the wives get to come along , not that any of them has much to say for herself . Trudy wants to party . Lucy has eyes for the yoga instructor  Carlos Ponce  . Ronnie wants some romance . And Cynthia ... I do n't know what Cynthia wants , but getting away from her control freak husband certainly seems like the way to go . The guys are noticeably chubbier , but equally one-dimensional . It 's just that that dimension enjoys rather more screen time as Billingsley indulges Vaughn and Favreau 's less-than-inspired improvisational riffs on marital frustration , machismo and middle-age spread . We even have to endure a Guitar Hero duel . For a movie made by a bunch of friends , it 's strange that we do n't get any sense of how or why these couples hang out together . But so long as there 's a pretentious Frenchman to scoff at , an officious Brit and a sexy Hispanic , at least they 're united by what they 're not . Whether by accident or design , "  Couples Retreat " does such a good job exposing what selfish , insensitive jerks these guys are , the contrived and conventional ending actually has a feel-bad undertow . You 've got to suspect that back home in suburbia , these couples are doomed to live unhappily ever after . "  Couples Retreat " is rated PG-13 and runs 107 minutes .	"  Couples Retreat " stars , was co-written by Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau Plot concerns couples who head for a vacation in Bora Bora , issues in tow Movie offers some nice scenery , but it 's lazy with the laughs and plot Most of the movie focuses on male half of couples
New York  CNN  "  Oh please , mind your language , show some restraint : it was not a French September 11 ! " wrote Olivier Roy last week , in an otherwise nuanced article on the French Muslims and the emergence of extremists . This brilliant intellectual , a researcher on Islam , meant there was no comparison between the 17 victims of Paris and the nearly 3,000 dead in the United States 14 years ago . The size and intensity of the crime and trauma , the level of destruction , defies the comparison . But so do the consequences . French President Franois Hollande may have enjoyed a miraculous boost in the polls , he may pace on the deck of an aircraft carrier with a strange Bush-like swagger amid the chorus of sacred national union , but he wo n't bend the course of world history because of an attack on his territory . Still , he looks at France now and finds matters of tremendous reflections , along with some similarities . Coping with anger is one of them . In the 10 days after September 11 , three innocent men were killed in Arizona , Texas and California , just because they looked Muslim in the eyes of the shooters . One was a Sikh store owner who was targeted because he wore a turban . France has had no murders but saw more anti-Muslim attacks -- ranging from insults to depredation of mosques -- in the rest of the country from January 7-20 than in all of France in 2014 . Then there 's the institutional furor . I remember vividly in 2001 the cases of Muslim foreigners deported for spurious reasons , such as mere accusations of having made anti-American statements , not even related to terrorism , in reported private conversations . Some were jailed in secret on the most outlandish suspicions . A Pakistani man with heart disease , locked up under the pretext of his overstaying a visitor 's visa , died alone in a New Jersey cell of a heart attack . Others were forgotten behind bars for months . The Cartesian French may have criticized America 's hysteria at the time , but they have little to brag about lately . A week after the Charlie Hebdo attack more than 50 individuals had already been charged -- and 10 of them sentenced to prison terms -- for the crime of incitation to terrorism . One of them is a man arrested for driving under the influence who got a 14-month sentence , due in part to his previous arrests , after mentioning the fate of the three police officers killed . Another is a man with psychiatric problems who received three months for his rants , even though the prosecution itself recognized his place was less in prison than in a treatment facility . French comic Dieudonn , accused of anti-Semitism , which he denies , but convicted nine times for inciting racial hatred and similar charges , will be judged by an anti-terror court for his apparent condoning on Facebook of Amedy Coulibaly , the killer at the kosher store in east Paris . Dieudonn is a pathetic merchant of hate -- not a terrorist . Neither seem to be six other people sent to prison , one of them for two years , for their ugly posts on social network , in accordance with the same law originally aimed at jihadist propagandists on the Internet . After September 11 , Americans resented "  having been too kind " in the prevention of terrorism , and many commentators urge Paris not to fall into the trap of its own patriot act . But the French have long had a set of anti-terror laws that have been the envy of America 's police and intelligence departments . Attacks by opposition politicians stating that the legal hurdles of France 's "  soft on crime " and "  socialist " government -- which they claim prevented phone taps of the terrorists -- are a joke . Our police let the terrorists off the hook this summer for a number of reasons . Firstly , they had nothing on them but petty violations of counterfeit laws . Secondly , they had plenty of other fish to fry -- namely 5,000 other potential French jihadists whose tracking would demand a minimum of 10 detectives per suspect . There 's also the fact that more than 900 people have left France to join the ranks of ISIS in Iraq and Syria -- a mindboggling number . America discovered in 2001 the extent of the hate brewing in the Muslim world through the acts of 19 killers -- some of whom had spent more than a year in their country . France has to look inward , which may be even more painful , and scrutinize the three "  children of the republic " born and raised in its civilization . And it does . One of the first moves by the government was to grant citizenship in a week after the supermarket attack to the young Muslim employee , an immigrant from Mali , who had hidden captives during the siege at the kosher store . The second was for Prime Minister Manuel Valls , who emigrated from Spain as a child , to decry the "  apartheid " France 's Muslim population suffers . The word may be shocking , but it conveys , officially for once , the long known reality of our ghettos , the failure of integration in France and the incapacity of our school system . Racism ? France had and still has its share of bigots , theoreticians and enforcers of the worst discriminations . But this shows more simply what American liberals would call "  a lack of sensitivity " -- an incapacity , being such a diverse society , to accept that the cultural rules of the white male majority may not be entirely palatable , or accessible , by other members of the population . Sexism , denied in the name of the rejection of American-style political correctness , is an example . Race and culture barriers are another manifestation of this orchestrated blindness . At a moment when ghettos promote the surge of religious devotion as a remedy to the denial of "  Frenchness , " the gap is getting even wider , and the rage more dangerous in the eyes of the most violent of the downtrodden and hopeless . The so-called "  Laicit , " the official secularism of the French Republic , bears a deep responsibility . The concept has always been a political expedient , an offshoot of anti-clericalism that justified even in part the denial of the right to vote for women until 1945 , out of fear their obedience to the Catholic Church would endanger the Republic . It has later , for too long , been directed at the most different and disadvantaged immigrant population from the Maghreb region . A glorious faade of the denial of differences , one which let discriminations and injustice fester for decades , prevented any affirmative action or simple recognition of diversity . Long before September 11 , Bill Clinton , speaking of race and class relations , said that "  there is nothing bad in America that can not be solved with what is good in America . " The same must be true in France as the horror of January makes us look at the truth about our country .	France has had no murders but has seen more anti-Muslim violence since Paris attacks Philippe Coste : France must avoid lashing out at Muslims through the courts out of anger France must now inward and examine alienation that Muslims feel - Coste
CNN  -- Egypt 's highest court Sunday invalidated the nation 's upper house of parliament and a panel that drew up the constitution , state media reported . The upper house , or Shura Council , holds legislative powers . It will be dissolved after a new lower house is elected , state-run Ahram reported . The court dissolved the lower house of parliament last year , paving the way for the council to take over legislative powers pending a new parliament . Last year , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy issued an order preventing any court from overturning his decisions , essentially allowing him to run the country unchecked until a new constitution is drafted . A flurry of protests pitting his supporters against opponents forced him to cancel most of the controversial decree that gave him sweeping powers . The constitution was drafted by an Islamist-dominated assembly in November and approved by voters in December . Morsy signed a decree shortly after , putting into effect his country 's newly approved constitution .	The upper house , or Shura Council , holds legislative powers It will be dissolved after a new lower house is elected , state-run Ahram reports The court dissolved the lower house of parliament last year
Mashable  -- Google announced Sunday that it has developed cars that drive themselves automatically in traffic , and that it has been testing them on the streets of California for months . It might seem like an unusual project for Google , but it could actually have big benefits . We 're not just talking about cars running Google Android . This is the stuff of science fiction . The only accident that has occurred so far : One of the cars was rear-ended by a driver at a stop light . Human error ! The vehicles have been tested on 140,000 miles of California road , from Silicon Valley to Santa Monica . Each car is manned during the tests . One person sits in the driver 's seat , ready to take control of the vehicle instantly by grabbing the wheel or touch the brake should something go wrong with the system . The person in the passenger 's seat is an engineer who monitors the software operations on a computer . Google  Google  hired engineers who previously participated in competitions and races involving automated cars -- important turning points in the development of the technology , which has been coming into its own since around 2005 according to The New York Times . If your first concern is one of safety , Google would argue that you 're going about it all wrong . Safety is one of the the project 's purposes . Google believes that the technology could nearly half the number of automobile-related deaths because computers are supposedly better at driving than humans in the right circumstances . There are other hypothetical pluses , too . The vehicles ' instant reaction time and 360-degree awareness would allow them to drive closer together on the highway than humans can , reducing traffic congestion . They could be more careful when operating the gas , reducing fuel consumption . But the biggest benefit for Google would be the hour or so of daily commute time the car owner would save . Instead of driving , he or she could either be productive or entertained in the vehicle , doing work on a wireless Internet  Internet  connection or watching television . Google does n't say it explicitly , but TechCrunch was quick to note that this time could be spent using Google products and absorbing Google-run advertising . The most optimistic projections put this technology at least eight years away from market , though . Legal hassles are among the myriad problems ; all of the current traffic laws assume that a human driver is present in the vehicle . Do you think this technology will eventually be deployed , or is it just a pipe dream for Sergei and Larry ? Let us know in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google has developed cars that drive themselves automatically in traffic Only one accident has occurred during testing so far and it was human error Google believes that technology could half the number of automobile-related deaths Optimistic projections put this technology at least eight years away from market
CNN  -- On the evening of December 3 , 2008 , John Francis Cahill , a police officer for 19 years , walked up a trail in California 's Santa Cruz Mountains . He stopped , took out a .40 - caliber Glock semi-automatic handgun and shot himself in the temple . He was 42 years old . He was the father of two daughters . He was my firstborn son . Most Americans are aware of the high rate of suicide among soldiers . Less attention has been paid to those who protect us on the home front . The Badge of Life , a group of former cops dedicated to preventing police suicide , reports that about 145 police officers take their lives every year , twice the number of cops killed by felons . The rate of police suicides is more than 1 1/2 times the rate of the general population . The Badge of Life also reports that for every suicide , a thousand working cops suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder , and another thousand struggle with serious depression , marital problems or substance abuse . My son had been through a painful divorce and was distraught about the failure of his marriage , his financial problems and the possible impact of the divorce on his youngest daughter . Only after losing my son did I learn how susceptible cops are to suicide . Kevin Gilmartin , a former Arizona police officer turned clinical psychologist , wrote a book called "  Emotional Survival for Law Enforcement , " and consults with the FBI and police agencies around the country . His main message is that cops can never let their guard down , that the very things that make cops safe and effective on the job can cause great harm in their personal and family life , and in some cases , destroy them . Gilmartin writes vividly of the dangers of the "  hypervigilance biological roller-coaster , " where officers on duty are "  alive , alert , energetic , involved and humorous , " but when off duty , are "  tired , detached , isolated and apathetic . " He points out that hypervigilance on the job produces a healthy amount of cynicism and mistrust , which is necessary for street survival , but off the job , can be destructive for emotional survival and relationships with family and loved ones . Good cops create control out of chaos , and are willing to risk everything during a critical incident , which is usually short-lived . But when a cop gets depressed , these professional habits can become lethal . Cops do n't do well when they ca n't control their situation or the source of their depression , and they begin to despair when they see that their problem -- the "  critical incident " -- is never-ending . That 's what happened to John . He told me how frustrating it was not to be in control , and he often told me , "  This will never end . " He went from depression to despair . I believe he was convinced that everyone would be better off if he was gone . John and I were close . I knew he was struggling , but my perception of him as secure and healthy never allowed me to imagine he could end his own life . Ellen Kirschman , a psychologist , police trainer , and author of "  I Love a Cop , " writes about the paradox between an officer 's work life and personal life , and how police work changes people . She emphasizes that cops are oriented toward control and details situations that lead to suicide , including , "  family conflicts , relationship losses , depression , immediate access to guns , poor coping skills , financial difficulties , shame , failure and a distorted but culturally correct sense of invincibility and independence . " Kirschman defines trauma as a normal reaction to an abnormal event , an emotional reaction that can lead to depression and suicidal thoughts . A police officer can be traumatized by many events that are abnormal or infrequent in other people 's lives : shootings , a civilian getting severely injured in a police action , a child 's death , a violent confrontation , a bad car crash or a gory crime scene . John Violanti , a former New York state trooper , is a public health professor who has extensively researched police suicide . He is the co-editor of "  Police Suicide : Tactics for Prevention , " which advocates peer support and stress management programs and emphasizes the importance of mental health treatment and a culture in which asking for help is not seen as a poor career move or a sign of weakness . The Badge of Life promotes "  emotional self-care training , " with the idea that every officer is a potential trauma victim . The members believe suicide prevention programs are crucial , but argue that departments must go beyond that to train officers to recognize trauma in themselves , to manage stress , to become resilient , and to understand the value of healthy lifestyles , including exercise . My son was the second San Jose police officer to commit suicide in 2008 . As a result , the San Jose Police Department started to require agency-wide training . The department told its officers that if they were depressed and feeling suicidal , they could come in confidentially , receive counseling and keep their jobs . In the year after John died , 12 officers came in , got help and stayed on the job . The San Francisco Police Department lost three officers to suicide in 2010 . Today , the SFPD 's advanced officer training program includes a two-hour session on trauma , depression , substance abuse , suicide and the value of an annual , voluntary mental health checkup , not unlike an annual physical . As part of that training , I speak each week to 30 officers . I tell them John 's story , summarize the research on police suicide , tell them that the very things that make them effective as cops can be destructive in their personal lives , and stress that asking for help is not a sign of weakness , but a sign of strength . When I 'm back in my car I usually fall apart , revisiting the horror of four years ago . But I know I 'm honoring my son by doing this . The California Highway Patrol has also aggressively addressed suicide prevention . But too many other police departments across the nation , even as they invest heavily in training in weapons use , tactics and physical safety , are not acknowledging the hidden risks of police work and protecting those who protect the rest of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Cahill .	Brian Cahill became a suicide prevention trainer after his son , a police officer , killed himself About 145 cops commit suicide a year , he says . Thousands have PTSD and depression Cahill : Cops see traumatic stuff every day . What helps them on the job can harm them at home Cahill : Police departments need to teach officers to recognize trauma and provide help
CNN  When the cops showed up to a subdivision Wednesday night in Oldsmar , Florida , it was n't to break up a loud party or for any sort of bacchanalian revelry typical of New Year 's Eve . No , Mario Gomez called 911 to report something far more sinister and ghastly : His brother had just cut off their mother 's head with an ax . Responding deputies found the decapitated body of 48-year-old Maria Suarez Cassagne alongside garbage cans outside of the Tampa-area home , according to the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office . Her head was inside one of them . Gomez told the authorities that his younger brother , Christian Gomez , had fled the scene , but he did n't make it too far . The Sheriff 's Office said it found the 23-year-old some 30 minutes later on a bicycle about a mile from his home and took him into custody . What could possibly lead a son to be accused of cutting off his own mother 's head and then disposing of her body as if trash ? The younger Gomez -- who admitted to the murder , according to the Sheriff 's Office -- was apparently fed up with his mother 's "  nagging " over the previous two days about moving some boxes into the attic , Sheriff Bob Gualtieri told CNN . Christian Gomez , 23 , has been charged with first-degree murder and is in the Pinellas County Jail . It was not known by the Sheriff 's Office whether he had retained an attorney , and the Public Defender 's Office was closed New Year 's Day . Prosecutor to seek death penalty in Oklahoma beheading	Florida man calls 911 to report his brother just decapitated their mother Police found Maria Suarez Cassagne 's decapitated body alongside garbage cans Sheriff 's Office said son was angry over mother 's "  nagging "
CNN  -- The Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai , India , had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before a 60-hour rampage began Wednesday , leaving at least 183 people dead , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said Saturday . Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata , whose company owns the Taj Hotel , discusses this week 's attacks in Mumbai . The hotel heightened security as a result , the chairman of the Tata Group and Taj Hotels , Ratan Tata , said in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . There were indications , though , that the hotel relaxed the security before the attack . "  It 's ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , " Tata said . "  People could n't park their cars in the portico where you had to go through a metal detector , " he said , explaining one of the measures . "  But if I look at what we had -- which all of us complained about -- it could not have stopped what took place . They did n't come through that entrance , " he said , referring to the entrance that had a metal detector . He did not identify which entrance had the security device . "  They came from somewhere in the back . They planned everything , " he said of the attackers . "  I believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler . They went through the kitchen , they knew what they were doing . " He did not elaborate on the hotel 's warning or when the security measures were enacted . Watch Tata discuss need for better preparedness " A. Vaidyanathan , an economist who was a guest in the hotel when the attacks occurred , told The Hindu newspaper on Friday that he had noticed tight security at the Taj Mahal when he stayed there last month -- a measure he indicated was unusual . "  The last time I went , last month , there was very tight security . You could not get into the -LSB- hotel -RSB- . There is an entrance there , which is closed . At the entrance to the tower , they had two-level security , " he told the newspaper . "  First , when you enter the open parking , where the cars are parked , you had a very heavy metal frame , your baggage was searched . ... At the entrance of the foyer , there was another metal detector and you were personally searched and so on . " However , for this latest trip , the hotel did not have the strict security . "  This time I noticed it had gone . We could go straight to the -LSB- hotel -RSB- . " The 105-year-old hotel was the site of the attackers ' final stand . Authorities carried out a room-by-room sweep in the 565-room Victorian building late Saturday to make sure all guests had been evacuated and no gunmen remained hidden . The hotel 's guests and staff had endured about 60 hours of explosions , gunfire and fires during the standoff . Another luxury hotel in Mumbai a few blocks away , the Hotel Oberoi , had also been among the nine sites attacked . Bullet holes and scars of grenade blasts marred the restaurant walls in the Taj Mahal Hotel , Tata said . An Indian commando spoke earlier this week about the hotel , saying bodies and blood had been all over . See images from the battlegrounds " "  I kept hearing the grenades or explosives going on inside ; the sound of gunfire , the fact that there were several hundred people in the hotel , either at dinner or living there , and I just felt tremendously helpless , " Tata said . Like several Indian officials , Tata said the attackers were well-equipped and well-versed in his hotel 's layout . "  There seems to be no doubt that they knew their way around the hotel , " he said . "  They seemed to know it in the night , or in the daytime . They seemed to have planned their moves quite well , and there seem to have been a lot of pre-planning in terms of what they did and how they managed to carry on for three days and sustain themselves during that time . " Asked whether it was possible if some of the attackers had an inside connection , he replied , "  I would n't know . I think this would be something that the investigation will show up . " Tata praised his staff and called them heroes . iReport.com : Share tributes to those lost "  The general manager lost his whole family in one of the fires in the building , " Tata said . "  I went up to him today and he said , ` Sir , we are going to beat this . We are going to build this Taj back into what it was . ... We will not let this event take us down . ' " Tata added , "  And that is the feeling that they have , and I have a feeling that that 's pretty much echoed throughout the country . "	Taj had heightened security in response to warning , Tata group chairman says Increased measures would n't have stopped gunmen , Ratan Tata says Tata surprised at level of planning , familiarity with hotel shown by attackers "  We 're indignant , but we 're not scared , " Tata says of nation 's resolve
Schertz , Texas  CNN  -- Two moments have changed Eddie Canales ' life . Both occurred on the football field . The first happened nearly a decade ago . It was November 2 , 2001 , and Canales was watching his son 's football game in San Marcos , Texas . Chris Canales , a high school senior , had three offers to play college football , and that night , he was having the game of his life . With four minutes left in the fourth quarter , he made a touchdown-saving tackle . But something went wrong . "  I could hear my teammates saying , ` Chris , come on , let 's go , ' " Chris , now 26 , remembered . "  And I could n't move . " At the hospital , doctors told Eddie and his wife that their son had suffered a spinal cord injury . If Chris survived , he 'd probably never be able to move anything below his shoulders . Chris nearly died twice during those early days . But his condition stabilized , and Eddie quit his job to become his full-time caregiver . The family adjusted to their new circumstances , but Eddie , 55 , said it was n't easy . "  You do n't want to even think that your son may never walk again , " he said . "  That was a hard pill to swallow . " Near the first anniversary of his injury , Chris was struggling with depression . To cheer him up , Eddie invited him out to do something he 'd always enjoyed -- watching high school football . It was the first time Chris had been out to watch a game since his injury . But that afternoon , as they watched from the stands , the unthinkable happened : A player went down and lay immobilized on the field . Eddie and Chris knew immediately that it was a spinal cord injury . "  Chris turned to me and said , ` Dad , we 've got to go help him , ' " Eddie recalled . In that moment , Eddie 's life changed again : He found his mission . He and Chris visited the injured player and his family in the hospital , and within months , Gridiron Heroes -- a nonprofit that helps athletes who 've suffered spinal cord injuries while playing high school football -- was born . It 's a fraternity that now includes 19 injured players in Texas . Many spinal injury organizations raise money for medical research . But from the start , Eddie wanted to provide emotional support to injured athletes and their families . Whenever a new player joins the group , he and Chris drive to visit them no matter where they live in the state . Eddie helps the families face myriad emotional , financial and practical issues , while Chris encourages and mentors the athletes . "  We try to provide information , inspiration and hope , " Eddie said . "  We want to make sure they do n't feel alone . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes The National Center for Catastrophic Injury Research reports that 79 high school football players suffered spinal cord injuries in the United States between 2000 and 2009 . While these injuries occur at all levels of the game , Eddie says that high school athletes are much more likely to suffer extreme financial hardship . "  Someone injured on a professional level is going to be taken care of , " he said . "  But on a high school level , it 's a totally different story . " In the first year alone , these injuries can cost from $ 240,000 to well over $ 800,000 , according to the National Spinal Cord Injury Statistical Center . When schools or school districts do n't have a catastrophic injury policy -- as was the case with Chris Canales and Nat Little , another Gridiron Hero -- injured athletes can receive as little as $ 10,000 to cover expenses . Eddie says that even when schools and families do have insurance , the deductibles and out-of-pocket costs can be crushing to a family . While Gridiron Heroes was n't started to give families financial support , Eddie devotes a lot of time to this issue . He helps families organize their own fundraising efforts , and Gridiron Heroes often pitches in when there 's a specific need . The group has helped buy wheelchairs and wheelchair-accessible vehicles , and it has also helped remodel homes , installing wheelchair ramps and wheelchair-accessible bathrooms . Every month , Eddie also sends each family a $ 100 Walmart gift card to help buy necessary supplies . Eddie and Chris work on the prevention side , too . They drive more than 1,000 miles every month to meet with football coaches and trainers at conferences around the country . Their goal is to raise awareness about their work and encourage coaches to teach proper hitting technique , which reduces the chances of head and spinal cord injuries . Gridiron Heroes is a father-son partnership -- a labor of love for Chris and Eddie , neither of whom receive compensation for their efforts . While Chris is deeply committed to their mission , he 's quick to acknowledge that Eddie does the lion 's share of the work . "  We get calls nationwide ... all hours of the night and day , and he wo n't turn anybody down , " Chris said . "  Behind the scenes , he gets everything done . " The elder Canales gets it done from his easy chair in the living room , via his cell phone and laptop . It 's a location that not only allows him to be within earshot of Chris , who still depends on him for care , but makes it easy for him to keep up with the latest scores on his big-screen TV . The rest of the Gridiron Heroes share Canales ' passion for sports , so get-togethers often involve a game of some kind . The activity of choice ? Going to a football game . "  I get the question a lot : ` How can you still support the game of football ? ' " Eddie said . "  Well , that game is what brings them together . " His son agrees . "  We 're a band of brothers , " he said . "  Our biggest bond is football . " Web extra : Crippling injuries do n't dim players ' love of football Eddie stresses that he is n't trying to deter anyone from playing football . In fact , the father and son believe that the discipline and can-do attitude instilled in Chris by his coaches helped him to recover and even regain some movement in his arms . "  We still love the game of football , " Eddie said . "  But we need to do a better job to help these young men when this does happen . ... We want to make sure these kids are not forgotten . " Word about Gridiron Heroes has spread around the country in the last couple of years , and more than 40 families from outside Texas have reached out to Eddie . Someday , he hopes to set up a national network , with branches to help the injured players in each state . He also wants to establish a fund in Texas to support high school players who suffer severe injuries . Until then , he will continue his personal crusade to support these athletes and their families . Helping these young men -- whom he calls his heroes -- has become his life 's work . "  They 've never quit . They 've never given up , " he says . "  That 's what keeps me pushing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Gridiron Heroes website at www.gridironheroes.org and see how to help .	Eddie Canales is helping teens who have suffered spinal cord injuries on the football field Gridiron Heroes provides emotional and financial support to the players and their families Canales ' son Chris was paralyzed years ago , but he still helps his father 's cause Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
A motorist who shot and killed a man near the Maryland-Pennsylvania border in an apparent fit of road rage was being sought Wednesday . Authorities believe the shooter might strike again . The victim , Timothy Davison , a 28-year-old resident of Maine , was driving home Saturday on Interstate 81 in Antrim Township in Pennsylvania when he dialed 911 to report that another motorist was chasing him and driving aggressively , police said . Moments later , Davison was shot dead . Investigators believe that the same motorist may have been behind another road-rage shooting eight hours earlier in the same area . No one was injured in that incident , when shots were fired at a car . "  The acts committed against Mr. Davison were random only to the point of his initial encounter with his assailant , " the Pennsylvania state police said in a statement . "  Beyond that , the acts against him were very deliberate , calculated , and violent ... The potential for additional incidents of similar nature is anticipated due to the violent nature of this incident . " James Allocca , Davison 's uncle , told CNN that the family "  wants justice before someone else gets hurt . " The victim 's father , Timothy Davison Sr. , told CNN that he learned about his son 's death when police arrived at his door on Saturday . "  I ca n't begin to tell you what it 's like to hear that , " he said . "  It 's not right . " He went to Pennsylvania Tuesday to collect his son 's personal belongings . His son , he said , was a "  great guy and a very easy kid to raise . " "  He cared for everyone around him , " he said . "  He was a rugged kid , extremely sensitive . " Davison worked at his father 's construction business . He said he hoped to meet his son 's killer . Asked what he would say , Timothy Davison Sr. said : "  That is for me . " A task force that includes the Pennsylvania and Maryland state police as well as the FBI was investigating the two shootings over the weekend . "  While there are many similarities between the two ; conclusive evidence definitively connecting the two has yet to be established , " the state police statement said . "  Both investigations will be treated as being related until conclusive evidence proves otherwise . " Police said the shooter was driving a small truck similar to a Ford Ranger , and the vehicle would have panel damage from ramming Davison 's vehicle . Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 800-472-8477 . "  There are different levels of loss , " Allocca said . "  This has to be the worst . " Motorcyclist charged in beating of SUV driver Road rage baby killer sentenced to death	Timothy Davison , 28 , was shot and killed in an apparent road-rage incident Pennsylvania police believe same motorist may have been behind another shooting earlier Police : "  The acts against him were very deliberate , calculated , and violent "
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Serena Williams has pulled out of next week 's Paris Indoor Open due to a leg injury . The world No. 1 picked up the problem on the way to winning the opening Grand Slam tournament for the fifth time last month , the French event 's organizers said on Saturday . Seventh-ranked Elena Dementieva will take the American 's place as top seed , with Italian No. 12 Flavia Pennetta second and Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium third . Williams has won the Paris title twice , beating former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo in the final both times . The Frenchwoman won it for a record third time last year but has now retired . Meanwhile , last year 's losing finalists the United States made a strong start without Williams in their Fed Cup first-round clash with France in Lievin on Saturday . Bethanie Mattek-Sands defeated Alize Cornet 7-6  9-7  7-5 for her first singles win in the women 's teams tournament , while Melanie Oudin beat debutant Pauline Parmentier 6-4 6-4 in the second rubber . The winner of the tie will play either Serbia or Russia in the semifinals , with reverse singles on Sunday before the possibly decisive doubles . Svetlana Kuznetsova gave Russia , beaten by Italy in last year 's semifinals , a 1-0 lead when she defeated former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-1 6-4 . But Jelena Jankovic , another ex top-ranked player , came from behind to level the tie by beating Alisa Kleybanova 4-6 6-4 6-0 as she won the last 11 games in a match lasting two hours and 18 minutes . Pennetta helped defending champions Italy to end the day level 1-1 with Ukraine , beating Kateryna Bondarenko 7-5 6-3 after Francesca Schiavone lost the opening match 6-1 6-4 to the elder Bondarenko sister Alona in Kharkiv . Alona 's win was the Ukraine 's first at World Group level . The winner of the tie will face either the Czech Republic or Germany in the last four , with that clash also tied at 1-1 . Anna-Lena Groenefeld put Germany ahead in Brno with a 6-2 6-2 victory over Lucie Safarova , but Petra Kvitova leveled for the hosts with a 6-4 6-4 win against Andrea Petkovic .	World No. 1 Serena Williams pulls out of next week 's Paris Indoor Open American suffered leg injury on way to victory at last month 's Australian Open U.S. take 2-0 lead in Fed Cup first-round tie in France without services of Williams The winner of that match will play either Russia or Serbia in the semifinals
San Francisco  CNN  -- For Microsoft 's latest version of its Office suite , the company is betting big that making documents accessible across multiple devices , a cleaned-up design and improved collaboration features will keep the product relevant to today 's users . Microsoft announced the Windows 8-friendly products , Office 13 and Office 365 , at a press event on Monday . It 's a major overhaul meant to help it fight a shrinking PC market , free Web-based competitors and consumer influence in corporate IT departments . "  In a sense , it feels to us a lot like 1995 , " said an excited Steve Ballmer , Microsoft CEO , at the event . The nostalgia might be for the year Internet Explorer made its public debut , but the much-repeated theme of the new version of Office is that it 's the "  modern Office . " Office reigns as Microsoft 's most lucrative product and maintains a 90 % market share of PCs , according to research firm Gartner . But recent years have seen a slew of inexpensive and free competitors nipping at its heels -- most notably Google Apps , a cloud-based suite of software for word processing , spreadsheets , presentations and e-mail . The Google tools lack some of the features found in Microsoft Office , but to many users that simplicity is part of their appeal . "  Keeping the market is always a challenge , especially when you 're competing against free or cheap , but Microsoft has been competing against cheaper and free suites for more than a decade and continues to do pretty well , " said Gartner analyst Michael Silver . Microsoft is still taking Google 's encroachment seriously and has even created a special "  Google Compete " team to prevent corporate Office users from making the jump to Google Apps , according to The Wall Street Journal . In addition to preventing users from switching to other products , Microsoft must persuade them to upgrade from older versions of Office . In the past , a confusing design change or dropped support for plug-ins has been reason enough for users to skip the upgrade and stick with the version they 're comfortable with . Turnaround time can also be slow at large companies , where upgrading everyone is a costly and complicated undertaking . "  Organizations are still deploying Windows 7 and Office 2010 , and because of the urgency in getting Windows XP out by April 2014 when support ends , both Office 2013 and Windows 8 will likely have to take a back seat for a while , " said Silver . While large corporations are slow to roll out new versions of software , there has been a recent shift in how they adopt technology . More and more , consumer technology is coming in the front door of businesses , being championed by the people who have to use it rather than the IT department . A bring-your-own-device trend was started by executives unwilling to leave their beloved iPhones at home , forcing companies to adapt quickly . The proliferation of free Google e-mail accounts led to casual users switching to Google Docs , and eventually pushing their employers to switch to Google Apps . Most of Monday 's Office demonstration was done on touchscreen devices -- a tablet as well as a massive 82-inch multitouch HD display connected to a Windows 8 PC . Expanding Office to tablets might be necessary for growth.The PC market has been struggling , with shipments of the desktop and laptop computers falling .1 % worldwide this past quarter compared to the same period last year . The smartphones and tablets are second and third devices , but users want to be able to work effectively from all of them and that requires cloud-based software . So for the time being , Office must straddle two worlds so as not to lose customers . "  You can still buy software and install it , " said Ballmer . "  That 's not going away , at least certainly not at this stage in the game . "	Microsoft announces its Windows 8-friendly products , Office 13 and Office 365 Office reigns as Microsoft 's most lucrative product with 90 % market share of PCs Expanding Office to tablets may be necessary for growth
CNN  -- England soccer captain John Terry endured a difficult end to last year , and his 2012 has begun in a bizarre manner involving an anti-smoking campaign in India . The Chelsea defender 's representatives are investigating how Terry 's image might have been used without their permission as part of a warning on cigarette packets . A blurred picture closely resembling the 31-year-old appears above a "  smoking kills " slogan . "  It 's been brought to our attention that an image of our client has been used on some cigarette packaging without our consent or knowledge , " Elite Management said in a statement on Tuesday . "  We 've now instructed our legal team to investigate this matter . " The public relations officer of India 's health ministry told CNN that the picture that resembles Terry is not one of those pictures that it sanctioned . However , one of the pictures seen on cigarette packets this week -- which was cleared by the ministry and included in a May 2011 press release -- does show a strong resemblance to Terry . An official at India 's Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity earlier confirmed that the image had been cleared by the health ministry . "  We sent the creative to the health ministry and they then cleared it and circulated it , " KS Dhatwalia told the Indian Express . "  But how Terry 's picture got to be used is not clear . " Terry faces court proceedings in February after being charged by London police with racially abusing an opponent . The Chelsea skipper denies aiming a racial slur at Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during a Premier League match in October .	John Terry 's representatives order legal probe into alleged use of Chelsea star 's image A blurred picture resembling Terry has appeared in an Indian anti-smoking campaign England captain 's agency says that no permission was given to use the image Terry faces court proceedings in February after being charged of racially abusing an opponent
CNN  -- A horse racing trainer who became engulfed in a doping scandal and was banned from the sport for eight years has appealed his sentence , the British Horseracing Authority  BHA  has confirmed . Mahmood Al Zarooni , who worked at the world famous Godolphin stables in the English town of Newmarket , was banned from horse racing after admitting injecting his thoroughbreds with steroids . The 37-year-old admitted a "  catastrophic error " in administering prohibited anabolic steroids -- ethylestranol and stanozolol -- to 15 leading thoroughbreds . All 15 horses , including the former 1,000 Guineas favorite Certify , were banned from racing for six months by the BHA . The case rocked the sport and led to Godolphin principal Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum -- the ruler of Dubai -- shutting down the stables , saying he was "  appalled and angered " by the doping revelations . A statement on the BHA 's official website read : "  Mahmood Al Zarooni has lodged an appeal against the severity of his eight-year suspension from training . "  Al Zarooni , 37 , was found guilty of administering anabolic steroids to 15 horses in his care at a BHA hearing on April 25 . "  The former Godolphin handler , who was based at Moulton Paddocks in Newmarket , was officially charged with rule breaches related to prohibited substances , duty to keep medication records , and conduct prejudicial to racing . "  He will now contest the length of the eight-year ban , with the date for the appeal hearing to be confirmed in due course . " Al Zarooni waived his right to legal representation and accepted all the charges at a hearing in London at the end of April . It led to Sheikh Mohammed locking down the paddocks and issuing a statement . In it he said : "  I can assure the racing public that no horse will run from that yard this season until I have been absolutely assured by my team that the entire yard is completely clean . " The 63-year-old Sheikh attended Newmarket racecourse on Saturday to see Godolphin colt Dawn Approach win the English 2000 Guineas . According to AFP , Godolphin said Al Zarooni 's appeal was nothing to do with them and was simply a matter between him and the BHA . "  He is no longer a Godolphin employee and the appeal is a matter between himself and the BHA . Godolphin has no involvement with this appeal , " AFP quoted a Godolphin spokesperson as saying . Soon after Al Zarooni 's punishment was confirmed a second trainer in Newmarket revealed he was facing an inquiry on similar offenses . The BHA confirmed Gerard Butler was being investigated after some of his horses tested positive for banned substances at his yard in February . Butler told a British newspaper he was facing a ban after injecting his horses with a product used to treat joints but said he was so sure of its validity he entered it into his official medical records which were then sent to the BHA . He called the incident "  an unpardonable misjudgment " but said it had n't crossed his mind there could be a problem with the medication .	Horse racing trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni appeals eight-year ban from sport Al Zarooni admitted administering anabolic steroids to 15 top thoroughbreds Horses in question also suspended from running for six months Al Zarooni 's appeal date is yet to be confirmed by British Horseracing Authority
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A power-sharing deal has been reached between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , South African President Thabo Mbeki said . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , left , and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai . Mbeki , who mediated the talks in Harare for the Southern African Development Community , said the deal would be signed Monday but did not give details of the agreement . Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election that started the impasse . Opposition lawmakers booed and heckled Mugabe when he spoke at the opening of the country 's parliament August 26 . MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai won the most votes in that election , but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . He withdrew from the June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters . The main sticking point in the talks had been how much power Mugabe would retain . Tsvangirai had said he would sign a deal only if Mugabe gave up some power and his presidency became a ceremonial position . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomed the agreement , according to a statement released by his spokesperson , and "  hopes that this agreement will pave the way for a durable peace and recovery in the country and contribute to rapid improvement in the welfare and human rights of the people of Zimbabwe . " The country is also reeling from hyper-inflation . In August , the country 's Central Statistical Office said inflation was at 11.2 million percent , the highest in the world . Analysts have said the Zimbabwean government 's official inflation rate figures are conservative . One of Zimbabwe 's leading banks , Kingdom Bank , said the country 's inflation rate was more than 20 million percent . The economic crisis has destroyed Zimbabwe 's currency and made it difficult for Zimbabweans to buy basic commodities , electricity , fuel and medicines .	Zimbabwe leaders agree terms for sharing power , South African president says Thabo Mbeki , who led mediation talks , said deal will be signed Monday Zimbabwe has been in political deadlock since controversial election in June
New York  CNN  -- Authorities in Long Island are investigating how shredded confidential police documents ended up as confetti in the annual Macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade in New York City , according to Nassau County Police . Saul Finkelstein , a Manhattan attorney , was watching the renowned parade with his 18-year-old son Ethan , as they do every year , when they noticed a piece of shredded paper that appeared to have a Social Security number on it . "  There were shredded papers all over the place , like snowball size , all over the ground , " Finkelstein said . "  There were whole sentences , license plate numbers and police reports . " As they looked closer at the confetti , they came to realize the shredded pieces of paper were documents from the Nassau County Police Department . On Sunday , Nassau County Police detectives came to Finkelstein 's home as part of an investigation into how the documents made their way from Long Island to Manhattan and ended up in the parade . "  The Nassau County Police Department is very concerned about this situation . We will be conducting an investigation into this matter as well as reviewing our procedures for the disposing of sensitive documents , " said Inspector Kenneth W. Lack . "  The fact they sent two people on a Sunday night all the way from Nassau County means they must be trying to figure this out , " Finkelstein said . Most shocking was that on the scraps of paper were pieces of sensitive information , including the names , dates of birth , Social Security numbers , banking data , and other personal information about Nassau county police officers and detectives , some of whom are believed to be undercover , according to CNN affiliate WPIX , whom Finkelstein contacted along with the police after finding the pieces of sensitive material on Thursday . Also found were notes about Mitt Romney 's motorcade from the final presidential debate , which took place at Hofstra University in Nassau County in October . Orlando Veras , a spokesman for Macy 's , says the company has no knowledge of how the shredded documents came to be used as confetti . "  Macy 's uses commercially manufactured multi-colored confetti , not shredded , homemade or printed paper of any kind in the parade , " he said , adding , "  It is not unusual for spectators to bring and throw their own confetti in the direction of parade participants from the sidelines . "	Shredded paper with a Social Security number caught a parade-watcher 's eye The shredded documents are from the Nassau County Police Department Macy 's says it uses only "  commercially manufactured multi-colored confetti " Some people bring their own , the company says
CNN  -- Four hours after the green flag dropped , Kasey Kahne sped across the finish line first Sunday night to take NASCAR 's longest , most grueling race of the season , the Coca-Cola 600 . The win was the Washington state native 's first of the year and the 13th of his career -- three of those coming in this very race . "  It feels really good , " Kahne told Fox Sports , which broadcast the race . "  We went 600 miles , no problem , with tons of power . " Temperatures were in the high 80s early in the day at Charlotte Motor Speedway , which is in central North Carolina 20 miles northeast of the city of Charlotte , though they dropped some over the course of the race . Get in-depth coverage at NASCAR.com Hot or not , racers were surely tested running in the season 's only 600-mile event . Many races on the NASCAR circuit are for 400 miles , with several being 500 miles and others extending for just 350 or 300 miles . Aric Almirola began in the pole position of the race 's 53rd annual running , part of a field of 47 that included recent NASCAR convert Danica Patrick starting near the back of the pack . Indy 500 has a third-time winner Greg Biffle entered the Coca-Cola 600 atop the Sprint Cup standings , albeit with a number of big names breathing down his neck . They included Matt Kenseth and Dale Earnhardt Jr. , who is having one of his strongest seasons to date , with perennial contenders Jimmy Johnson , Tony Stewart and Carl Edwards among those in the top 10 . Kahne himself came in ranked 16th , having finished among the top five racers twice in this season 's first 11 starts . Sunday 's victory will propel him up the standings , though there 's still plenty of time for all the drivers to maneuver over the course of the long season . The Coca-Cola 600 came at the one-third point in the NASCAR season , as the 12th of 36 contests leading up to the Ford 400 at Florida 's Homestead-Miami Speedway in November .	NEW : Kasey Kahne tops 46 other racers to capture the Coca-Cola 600 NEW : It is his first win of the season , and the third time he 's won this race At 600 miles , the race is the longest in the NASCAR season Greg Biffle entered the N.C. event atop the Sprint Cup standings
BudgetTravel  -- If the idea of bunking in the barnyard gives you hives , relax . Here 's everything you need to know about taking -- and enjoying -- a vacation with Mother Nature . Why would anybody in their right mind want to spend their vacation on a farm ? In a word : the food . "  Meals are often the best part of a farmstay experience-the ingredients are the absolute freshest you 'll find anywhere , " says Reid Bramblett , former Budget Travel editor and founder of trip-planning website reidsguides.com . Bramblett , who has stayed at dozens of farms throughout Europe and North America , says , "  There are veggies and dairy produced right on the spot , rib-sticking dinners , and breakfast spreads that will blow you away . " The opportunity to help gather those ingredients , get your hands dirty , and unplug is another big draw . "  For families especially , a farmstay is like stepping back into idyllic , 1950s Beaver Cleaver time , " says Scottie Jones , who owns Oregon 's Leaping Lamb Farm . "  Moms and dads put away their handheld whatevers and pitch in with chores or play by the creek with their kids . Everybody relaxes and rejuvenates . " Last year , with the help of a federal grant , Jones launched the website farmstayus.com . It now lists more than 700 farmstays across the country , which is roughly double the number it started with a year ago . In fact , the trend is booming around the world . Agritourism has been popular in Europe since at least the 1990s , and today there are more than 5,200 farmstays in France , and about 1,600 in Italy . In more recent years , North American farmers have started opening their doors to curious city folk as well . National statistics are hard to come by , but in 2008 , more than 2.4 million tourists visited working farms and ranches in California alone . BudgetTravel.com : 7 affordable farmstays Will I end up sleeping in a hayloft ? Maybe , but only if you want to . There are plenty of farms where you 'll rough it , such as Switzerland 's Schlaf im Stroh  German for "  sleep in the straw "  , where guests pay $ 23 each to sleep in barn stalls alongside cattle pens . Then there are places like Tennessee 's Blackberry Farm , a 4,200-acre spread in the Smoky Mountain foothills where guests shell out $ 1,095 per night for an all-inclusive stay in a private cottage  and , at that price , presumably the best blackberries on the planet  . There 's plenty in the mid-price range , too : Guests at Vermont 's Inn at Mountain View sleep in one of 14 double rooms carved out of a redbrick New England farmstead  doubles from $ 175  . High-end or cut-rate , farmstays are almost always rich in unique experiences . Where else but at New Zealand 's Whiti Farm Park do you get to bed down in Native American-style teepees ? And no worries , there are solar showers and toilets on-site  from $ 22 per person  . BudgetTravel.com : How to be a packing genius What if I 'm allergic -- to hard labor ? Just because you 're staying on a working farm does n't mean you 'll be expected to work as a hired hand would . Most farmstays let you participate as much , or little , as you want . Common chores include tending beehives , making cheese , harvesting grapes , herding sheep , milking cows , and collecting eggs from the chicken coop . There are also some tasks you wo n't be allowed to do . No farmer wants an amateur ruining his prize-winning cider or butter . Safety , too , is a factor . "  I ca n't let visitors drive the tractor , " Jones says . "  Sorry , but that 's a major liability issue . " Speaking of safety : Will I need to get any shots ? Not usually . The only possible cause for worry is an outbreak of something like hoof-and-mouth disease , but that 's not very likely . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention keeps close tabs on farms around the world and offers travel advisories if any are needed . The agency has n't issued any major warnings related to farmstays in several years . BudgetTravel.com : Confessions of a cruise ship musician How much should I expect to spend overall ? Many farmstays are all-inclusive , so you 'll know the cost going in . And some are free . The nonprofit organization World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms connects travelers with ranches , farms , and vineyards in 98 countries that allow guests to work for as long as they wish in exchange for free room and board . The U.S. branch has more than 1,700 participating farms and 10,000 members . If you 're still worried about surviving the dirt part of a dirt-cheap getaway , pick up Brian Bender 's "  Farming Around the Country : An Organic Odyssey , " which chronicles the author 's year WWOOFing at 12 farms across the U.S. . WHEN TO GO When it comes to farmstays , it 's almost as important when you go as where . Here are the best places to head throughout the year . Spring is sublime in Western Europe . Farms are overrun with baby chicks and newborn lambs and goats -- not crowds of summer tourists . Summer is ideal for produce farms across the U.S. Midwest . This is your best shot at the freshest tomatoes , corn , and everything else under the sun . Fall harvest season is prime for wineries in California and New York . Oenophiles can help pick and stomp grapes in between tastings . Winter is the best time to head Down Under . It 's summer in Australia and New Zealand , and both are loaded with farms welcoming visitors . BudgetTravel.com : 6 places germs breed in a plane Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	As part of agritourism , North American farmers have started opening their doors to visitors Reid Bramblett : "  Meals are often the best part of a farmstay experience " Staying on a working farm does n't mean you 'll be expected to work as a hired hand Wwoof.org connects travelers with ranches , farms , and vineyards in 98 countries
The U.S. military has obtained new video apparently made by those holding the lone American prisoner of war , Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . A U.S. military official told CNN the clip shows the Wood River Valley , Idaho , native in diminished health from the effects of close to five years in captivity . He was seized in Afghanistan in June 2009 and is believed held by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani network in Pakistan , the official said . The so-called proof-of-life video , the first of him in nearly three years , has a reference to December 14 , 2013 . CNN has not seen the video . U.S. efforts to free Bergdahl , including negotiating for his release , have so far failed . "  Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has been gone far too long , and we continue to call for and work toward his safe and immediate release , " a Pentagon spokesman said . Bergdahl strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say "  We can not discuss all the details of our efforts , but there should be no doubt that on a daily basis -- using our military , intelligence and diplomatic tools -- we work to see Sgt. Bergdahl returned home safely , " the spokesman said . His family , who received a letter from him last year via the Red Cross , issued a statement in response to the latest video . "  As we have done so many times over the past 4 and a half years , we request his captors to release him safely so that our only son can be reunited with his mother and father , " the statement reads . "  BOWE - If see this , continue to remain strong through patience . Your endurance will carry you to the finish line . Breathe ! " Bergdahl was 23 when he was captured after finishing a guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province . The U.S. government acknowledged in May 2012 that it was engaged in talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . The discussions moved in fits and starts because of U.S. concerns that any Taliban prisoners swapped for Bergdahl might be repatriated and allowed to rejoin the fight . Later that year , however , the White House announced it was willing to send five Taliban prisoners to Qatar in exchange for Bergdahl . U.S. POW 's dad to Taliban : ` Let there be peace ' POW and MIA in Iraq and Afghanistan	First video of Bergdahl in nearly three years surfaces Army soldier was taken captive in 2009 , believed held by Taliban-aligned group U.S. efforts to free Bergdahl , including negotiating for his release , have so far failed Family asks in statement that captors release Bergdahl
CNN  -- Real Madrid may have ended Barcelona 's Spanish title reign in midweek , but Lionel Messi is poised to dethrone Cristiano Ronaldo as La Liga 's goal king after adding four more to his tally on Saturday . The three-time world player of the year paid the ultimate tribute to Josep Guardiola in the coach 's final home game , which ended in a 4-0 victory over city rivals Espanyol . The Argentina forward went into the match having already broken Gerd Muller 's longstanding record of 67 goals in a European season , and he took his tally to an incredible 72 ahead of next weekend 's closing league game at Real Betis . Fifty of those have come in La Liga , putting him five clear of Ronaldo -- who also scored in Saturday 's 2-1 win at Granada that kept Real seven points clear of Barca . It was an emotional night at the Camp Nou , where Guardiola said farewell to the fans he has enthralled with his team 's magical style of football since taking over in 2008 . "  I 'll see you all soon , you will never lose me . I will miss you all very much . I 'm the one on the losing end , " he told the crowd . Then , referring to his assistant Tito Vilanova , who will take over the top job next season , he added : "  I leave you in the best possible hands . You do n't know how appreciated I feel when I go home . Thank you all . " Messi opened the scoring in the 12th minute with a superb free-kick , then his second-half treble was aided by two penalties either side of a trademark low left-foot drive . Ronaldo , who topped the La Liga scoring charts last season with a then record 40 goals , was also on target from the spot as Madrid came from behind to snatch victory . Granada , battling to avoid relegation , led through Franco Jara in the fifth minute , but the world 's most expensive player leveled in the 81st minute after being brought down in the box . Then , in time added on , David Cortes diverted Karim Benzema 's cross into his own net to give Real the chance to finish the season on 100 points with victory next Sunday . Valencia guaranteed third place -- 29 points behind Barca -- with a 1-0 win over Villarreal , who face a final-day fight to avoid dropping into the bottom three . Malaga 's bid for fourth place suffered a blow with a 2-1 defeat at Atletico Madrid , who are now two points adrift in fifth . Levante and Mallorca are another point back after the latter side won their clash 1-0 . Second-bottom Sporting Gijon could still survive after a 2-1 win over Betis left the club three points adrift of Zaragoza and Vallecano .	Lionel Messi takes his La Liga tally to 50 goals this season with four against Espanyol Derby match marks coach Pep Guardiola 's final home game before stepping down Messi is five goals clear of Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of closing round next weekend Argentina star has now scored 72 times for his club in all competitions this season
CNN  -- A lawsuit has been filed claiming that the iconic Led Zeppelin song "  Stairway to Heaven " was far from original . The suit , filed on May 31 in the United States District Court Eastern District of Pennsylvania , was brought by the estate of the late musician Randy California against the surviving members of Led Zeppelin and their record label . The copyright infringement case alleges that the Zeppelin song was taken from the single "  Taurus " by the 1960s band Spirit , for whom California served as lead guitarist . "  Late in 1968 , a then new band named Led Zeppelin began touring in the United States , opening for Spirit , " the suit states . "  It was during this time that Jimmy Page , Led Zeppelin 's guitarist , grew familiar with ` Taurus ' and the rest of Spirit 's catalog . Page stated in interviews that he found Spirit to be ` very good ' and that the band 's performances struck him ` on an emotional level . ' " One of the causes of action for the suit is listed as "  Falsification of Rock N ' Roll History " and the typeface in the section headings of the filing resembles that used for Led Zeppelin album covers . According to claims in the suit , "  Parts of ` Stairway to Heaven , ' instantly recognizable to the music fans across the world , sound almost identical to significant portions of ` Taurus . ' " The estate is seeking court ordered damages and writing credit for California , born Randy Craig Wolfe . Part of the defense includes a printed interview conducted with California prior to his death from drowning in 1997 . In the 1997 interview with Listener Magazine , the guitarist claims that some of the music from "  Stairway to Heaven " was taken from his group 's song . "  Well , if you listen to the two songs , you can make your own judgment , " the lawsuit quotes the interview as saying . "  It 's an exact ... I 'd say it was a rip-off . And the guys made millions of bucks on it and never said , ` Thank you , ' never said , ` Can we pay you some money for it ? ' It 's kind of a sore point with me . " In a May interview with France 's Liberation newspaper , Page said of the claims "  That 's ridiculous . I have no further comment on the subject . " The attorney representing California 's trust , Francis Malofiy , told CNN before the suit was filed that Zeppelin 's guitarist Page "  looked to Randy California and Spirit as someone who inspired him . " The attorney also explained why it took so many years for a suit to be filed . "  Justice is available to those who can afford it , " Malofiy said , "  It 's very very hard for a musician who 's struggling just to keep a roof over his head ... to actually go about and fight some of the biggest giants in the music and entertainment industry . " One of the plaintiffs of the case , Warner Music Group , is owned by the parent company of CNN . Led Zeppelin reissued their first three albums as both a single remastered album and deluxe editions on Tuesday . Take a listen to the songs : What do you think ? Plagiarism or just similar chords ?	Suit claims similarities between two songs Randy California was guitarist for the group Spirit Jimmy Page has called the accusation "  ridiculous "
CNN  -- Kevin Grosskreutz scored an 87th-minute winner to send last year 's beaten finalists , Borussia Dortmund into the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday . The Bundesliga side finished top of Group F after beating 10-man Marseille 2-1 in the Stade Velodrome . Robert Lewandowski got Dortmund off to the perfect start with a goal in the fourth minute but German joy did n't last long as Marseille defender Souleymane Diawara equalized in 14th minute . Despite having a numerical advantage for two thirds of the game -- Marseille 's Dimitri Payet was sent off in the 34th minute -- Dortmund could n't find a winner until Grosskreutz drove home a low winner with three minutes remaining . "  It was a great feeling to get the winning goal and put us through as group winners , " Grosskreutz said . "  It was amazing to celebrate the goals with the fans , we deserved to go through , " the 25-year-old added . "  We had lots of chances , but stayed patient and got our reward . I ca n't wait to get in the dressing room and soak up the atmosphere , there might be a few beers drunk as well . " Dortmund 's better head-to-head record against Arsenal ensured they finished first in the group while the Gunners clinched second place despite losing 2-0 away to Napoli . Gonzalo Higuain 's 73rd-minute goal gave Rafa Benitez 's side hope -- the big Argentine turning neatly on the edge of the area before unleashing a low left-foot shot into the bottom corner of Wojciech Szczesny 's goal . Two minutes later , Arsenal were down to ten men when Mikel Arteta received a second yellow card . Worse was to come as Jose Callejon doubled the home side 's lead in injury time . With news filtering through of Dortmund 's late goal , Napoli 's chances of progressing now rested solely on scoring an unanswered third , but Callejon 's deft touch over an advancing Szczesny proved to be the last kick of the match . Napoli also finished the group stage with 12 points , but an inferior goal difference sees them drop down into the Europa League . At Stamford Bridge , Demba Ba 's 10th minute goal proved the difference between Chelsea and Romania 's Steaua Bucharest . The 1-0 win ensures the West Londoner 's retained top billing in Group E. Jose Mourinho 's side will be joined in the last 16 by Germany 's Schalke after they beat 10-man Basel 2-0 . The Swiss side 's defender , Ivan Ivanov was sent off in the 31st minute with Schalke taking full toll of the extra man in the second-half . Goals from 20-year-old Julian Draxler in the 50th minute followed by Joel Matip seven minutes later ensured second place in the group for the Bundesliga side at the expense of their opponents . Violence mars Milan progress Neymar scored a hat-trick as Barcelona thumped Celtic 6-1 to ensure top-dog status in Group H. Gerard Pique opening the scoring in the seventh minute , prodding the ball home from eight yards after Alexis Sanchez had his shot blocked by Celtic keeper Fraser Forster . Pedro made it 2-0 in the 39th minute with Neymar effectively killing off the contest with Barcelona 's third and his first Champions League goal a minute before halftime . Three minutes after the break , the Brazilian scored again before completing his hat-trick in the 58th minute . Cristian Tello completed the rout with a sixth goal in the 72nd minute before Giorgos Samaras got a consolation for the Scottish champions two minutes before the end . The Catalans will be joined by AC Milan after they drew 0-0 with Ajax at the San Siro in a game that was marred by violence before kickoff . Italian news agency ANSA reported that three Ajax fans had been admitted to hospital after being stabbed outside the stadium prior to the match . One of the victims is in a serious condition after being stabbed in the stomach , ANSA reported . The incidents followed fighting between the two sets of supporters earlier in the day . Group G high-flyers Atletico Madrid made it five victories out of six with 2-0 win against Porto . Defeat for the Portuguese side means they lose out on qualification to Zenit St Petersburg who despite losing 4-1 to FK Austria Vienna are into the knockout stages . Galatasaray through to last 16 A 85th minute strike from Wesley Sneijder earned Galatasaray a 1-0 win over Juventus on Wednesday as Tuesday 's Group B Champions League match concluded after play had been suspended following a snowstorm on Tuesday night . The Dutch international 's goal at the Turk Telekom Arena earns Roberto Mancini 's side a place in the last 16 at the expense of their Italian visitors . With seven points , Galatasaray finished second to runaway group winners Real Madrid , while Juve had to settle for third place  on six points  and a place in the Europa League . The match , which resumed in the 32nd minute  the time when the referee stopped Tuesday 's game  , was played on a pitch bearing many muddy scars from the snow clearance . Mancini admitted afterwards that it may have been better not to play the game , but expressed satisfaction with the result . "  It was a difficult situation , but the lads did well . The point we took from Turin served us well and today we deserved the win , " Mancini told Sky Sports Italia . The draw for the first knockout stages of the Champions League will take place on Monday December 16 in Nyon , Switzerland . The full list of teams is as follows : Manchester United , Bayer Leverkusen , Real Madrid , Galatasaray , Paris St-Germain , Olympiakos , Bayern Munich , Manchester City , Chelsea , Schalke , Borussia Dortmund , Arsenal , Atletico Madrid , Zenit St Petersberg , Barcelona & AC Milan . Club World Cup kicks off Meanwhile in Morocco , FIFA 's Club World Cup competition got underway as home side Raja Casablanca took on New Zealand 's Auckland City FC in a playoff game to decide who will play Mexico 's C.F. Monterrey in the quarterfinals . Raja won the match 2-1 with an injury-time winner . Read more : Manchester City end Bayern Munich 's winning streak Read more : New Camp ? Barcelona considers leaving iconic stadium	Last year 's beaten finalists through to last 16 after late winner against Marseille Arsenal lose to Napoli but still progress to knockout stages Chelsea top Group E , Milan finish second to Barcelona in Group H Violence before Milan 's match against Ajax mars Italian side 's progress
CNN  -- Tonight we find out whether it 's time for a team of destiny or a team that 's a new type of dynasty . Kansas City Royals fans have really enjoyed this season of surprises , with their unheralded team battling into its first World Series in almost three decades . And San Francisco Giants fans have really enjoyed the even-numbered seasons lately . It goes like this : 2010 , World Series champs . 2011 , not even in the playoffs . 2012 , World Series champs . 2013 , a losing record . Sure , you can argue that "  dynasty " is a label that does n't apply to a team that does n't have a string of trophy wins and does n't come into each new season as the favorite to win another . The idea of any team winning titles every year pretty much evaporated in the last century . No team has even won back-to-back crowns since the Yankees in 1998 and 1999 . So what 's up with these Giants ? The secret of the Giants ' success really is n't a secret . It comes down to good managing and great pitching . Giants Manager Bruce Bochy told Sport Illustrated : "  You have to keep calm any way you can and relay that to the players . This is a special group . They do n't need a lot of help with that part . But the manager 's job also is the feel you get for which guys can handle  pressure  and who ca n't . " San Francisco stations ban Lorde 's ` Royals ' ahead of World Series That 's what each of his Series winning teams have done , played with poise . They 've won the tight games , buoyed by the superb pitching and fielders who do n't make errors . "  Pitching and defense are going to win you games . I know it 's a cliche answer , but until you can prove to me otherwise , I 'll stick with that answer , " Giants reliever Jeremy Affeldt told MLB.com . 7 reasons San Francisco is a winner The Giants are not like the Yankees of the '50s when year after year they put the same nine on the field , and when Yogi Berra won more rings than fingers on one hand . Sure , all-star catcher Buster Posey has been a constant , but Bleacher Report notes that the rest of the lineup card has changed . "  In the team 's three World Series pushes , it has had three different second basemen , left fielders , center fielders and closers . It has had two first basemen , shortstops , third basemen and right fielders , " writes Bleacher Report . Bochy says having some fresh faces each year gives a fresh desire to win . "  That was part of our motivation when this whole thing started . Let 's find a way to give them a chance and get them to the World Series , " he told reporters before the Fall Classic began . It also helps when the new talent fills in the gaps left behind by departures and injuries . The big trouble facing the Giants on Wednesday night is the visiting team factor . It 's been forever since a road team won a Game 7 in the World Series . It was 1979 when Pittsburgh took the title at Baltimore . The Royals were involved in one of those games since , winning the 1985 World Series at home in a final game blowout . It was the franchise 's last sniff of glory . 7 reasons Kansas City is a winner The likeable Royals have delighted not only K.C. fans but hardcore baseball fans , too . They have perpetually been underdogs and it 's been refreshing to watch a small TV market team have a chance at a crown . But the players do n't think of themselves as party spoilers . "  We know we 're a good team . To us , we 're not the underdogs . We 're just going out there and playing the game and having some fun , " third baseman Mike Moustakas told MLB.com . Manager Ned Yost said his team does n't pay attention to what the media says . They are only concerned with playing their best baseball , and in October , they have been . And it 's brought joy to fans all over . "  I think America has fallen in love with this group because of their energy , their passion , their fun-loving nature , " Yost said before Game 7 . "  Even through the most stressful times , you ca n't  look  in our dugout and not see them laughing and having a good time with each other , and I think people love seeing that . " Yost also said he foresees this team being pretty good for years , given a young core of rising stars . Of course , even if they win tonight , it 's too early to use that "  D " word .	The San Francisco Giants have won two World Series in recent years The Kansas City Royals have n't won one since 1985 Giants roster has changed but their method of winning has n't Royals do n't pay attention to underdog label , they just go out to have fun
CNN  Pakistan 's highest court Friday ordered the release of Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi , the alleged mastermind behind the Mumbai attacks , calling his detention illegal . Lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba , was not present at Friday 's court proceeding . The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead in November 2008 . In the attacks , heavily armed men stormed landmark buildings around Mumbai , including luxury hotels , the city 's historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . On Friday , India summoned the Pakistan high commissioner "  to convey our strong feelings about  the  Lakhvi verdict , " said India 's external affairs spokesman Syed Akbaruddin . Last year , the court granted Lakhvi bail , a decision the Pakistani government had said it would challenge . Many in India are still angry over the attacks and had criticized the bail decision . "  It is very disappointing that the accused of the Mumbai attacks has been granted bail , " the nation 's home minister , Rajnath Singh , said in December . India executed the last surviving gunman from the attacks in 2012 . Other suspects were all killed during the series of attacks , which went on for three days . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead A court granted the suspect bail last year
CNN  -- Actress Misty Upham , whose body was found in October along a river in suburban Seattle , died from blunt force injuries to her head and torso , the King County Medical Examiner said Thursday . The manner of her death has not yet been determined , the medical examiner 's office said . Investigators found Upham 's body during a search for the missing actress . It lay at the bottom of a steep embankment near the White River . Upham , 32 , was last seen alive October 5 walking from her sister 's apartment , according to a statement sent to media outlets by her father , Charles Upham . Authorities say she died that day , but it was n't until more than a week later that investigators found her body . Her father said she had bipolar disorder and bouts of depression and anxiety , but he did n't think she was suicidal . Police have said they do n't have evidence of foul play . Upham had small roles in "  Django Unchained " and "  August : Osage County , " and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for her performance in 2008 's "  Frozen River . " She 's also had roles in the TV series "  Big Love " and the TV movie "  Skinwalkers . " CNN 's Todd Leopold and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Investigators found actress Misty Upham 's body at the bottom of an embankment The medical examiner says she died from blunt force injuries The manner of her death has not yet been determined , the medical examiner says Upham 's father has said she was n't suicidal ; police say there 's no sign of foul play
CNN  -- A decision by world-renowned physicist Stephen Hawking not to attend a conference in Israel in support of an academic boycott of the country has sparked controversy in Israel and a vitriolic debate online . Hawking , who 's a professor at Britain 's Cambridge University , had initially accepted an invitation to the high-profile Israeli Presidential Conference , taking place in Jerusalem in June . His change of heart this week appears to be the result of pressure from Palestinian academics to abide by a boycott set up in protest over Israel 's occupation of Palestinian territory . "  A letter was sent on Friday to the Israeli president 's office from Stephen Hawking regarding his decision not to attend the Presidential Conference , based on advice from Palestinian academics that he should respect the boycott , " a Cambridge University spokesman told CNN on Thursday . Hawking is also unable currently to fly for health reasons , the spokesman said . Cambridge University initially said Hawking 's poor health was the reason he was no longer attending , according to local media reports . Hawking , who is quadriplegic as a result of an incurable degenerative disease , has had repeated health problems . Hawking 's letter said he had first accepted the invitation "  to express my opinion on the prospects for a peace settlement but also because it would allow me to lecture on the West Bank , " the conference organizers said . His decision to boycott the conference , hosted by Israeli President Shimon Peres , a Nobel peace laureate , has prompted a "  Twitterstorm . " Some tweeters accuse him of anti-Semitism or comment on his physical disabilities , while others applaud his support for the Palestinian academics . One tweeter , Ali Abunimah , observes : "  Amazing how many Israelis on Facebook want Stephen Hawking dead , electrocuted or made to suffer in other nasty ways . " Haaretz writer Chemi Shalev , who describes himself as a "  political junkie , proud father , concerned Israeli , veteran journalist , " tweets : "  My take : Stephen #Hawking is now the academic boycott movement 's unlikely poster boy . " ` Outrageous and improper ' Israel Maimon , chairman of the Presidential Conference , said Hawking 's decision to pull out of the event was wrong . "  The academic boycott against Israel is in our view outrageous and improper , certainly for someone for whom the spirit of liberty lies at the basis of his human and academic mission , " he said in a statement . "  Israel is a democracy in which all individuals are free to express their opinions , whatever they may be . The imposition of a boycott is incompatible with open , democratic dialogue . " Some 5,000 people from around the world are expected to attend , Maimon said , to hear speakers who include global technology company executives , academics , Nobel laureates , artists and past and present world leaders . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton , Soviet-era President Mikhail Gorbachev and former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair are all expected to attend , he added . Hawking , who 's also a cosmologist , astronomer and mathematician , is the author of books including the best-seller , "  A Brief History of Time : From the Big Bang to Black Holes . " The Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions movement was established in 2005 by Palestinian civil society groups , which called for international groups and "  people of conscience " to boycott or put pressure on Israel "  until it complies with international law and Palestinian rights . " Omar Barghouti , one of the founding members of the movement , told CNN : "  Stephen Hawking is the most prominent academic today to respect the Palestinian boycott guidelines and to refuse to visit Israel . This reminds us of the moral weight of academics in the boycott of apartheid of South Africa . " He said Hawking had been convinced by the "  unanimous Palestinian voice " he heard from his contacts within the Palestinian community . "  There is deep appreciation among the Palestinians for Professor Hawking 's respecting the boycott , and we sincerely hope that we convince many hesitant academics to follow suit and to shoulder a moral responsibility of boycotting Israel until it complies with international law , " Barghouti said . The Jerusalem Post reports that Hawking has visited Israel four times , most recently in 2006 , when he lectured at Israeli and Palestinian universities . West Bank housing Israel 's government gave initial approval Wednesday to plans to build 296 housing units in the settlement of Bethel , near the West Bank city of Ramallah . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas strongly condemned the decision , the official Palestinian news agency WAFA said Thursday . Presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina , in a media statement quoted by WAFA , said the Israeli move would sabotage the peace process and efforts made by the U.S. administration to move it forward . A U.N. Human Rights Council report in January said Israeli settlements had taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . It outlined the consistent violation of Palestinians ' rights in what it called a "  creeping annexation " by Israel in East Jerusalem and the West Bank . Palestinians welcomed the report 's findings , but Israel , which considers the Human Right Council to be biased , said the report would hurt the peace process . There are about 250 settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , the report said , all started since Israel seized the lands after the Six Day War in 1967 . Israel 's consistently growing presence in East Jerusalem and the West Bank has caused great tension between Israel and the Arab world , including Palestinians . Israel says its presence is needed for security . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Stephanie Halasz , Michael Schwartz and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Founder of Palestinian boycott movement welcomes Hawking 's decision Physicist Stephen Hawking decides to pull out of a high-profile conference in Israel Hawking 's move prompts fierce reaction on Twitter , including accusations of anti-Semitism Conference organizer says academic boycott against Israel is "  outrageous and improper "
Teachers and Parents : Watch with your students or record "  Pictures Do n't Lie " when it airs on CNN on Saturday , February 26 at 8 p.m. ET . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . To own "  Pictures Do n't Lie , " go to Amazon.com or download it on iTunes . CNN Student News  -- Program Description : "  Pictures Do n't Lie : A Black in America Special " examines the hazy legacy of legendary photographer Ernest Withers , who helped advance the civil rights movement with his stunningly intimate black-and-white images . Withers was everywhere : in Dr. King 's hotel room for strategy sessions , in the courtroom of the Emmett Till lynching murder trial , behind the scenes at the Memphis sanitation strike before Dr. King was assassinated . Now , just three years after his death , the reputation of the man dubbed "  the original civil rights photographer " is in question . Withers may have led a double life as a paid FBI "  racial informant . " Caught in the middle of the firestorm are the children of Ernest Withers , who are disputing the charges and fighting to open the namesake museum that will display his historic images . The Withers children are speaking out for the first time with CNN anchor and special correspondent Soledad O'Brien . We will also speak to leaders of the civil rights movement who were allegedly spied on by Withers to hear their reactions . Do they believe the accusations ? Do they feel betrayed ? And how common was the FBI 's practice of employing racial informants ? During this month of reflection , the timing could n't be better to debate this conflicted character 's place in civil rights history . Recommended Grades : 11-12 , college Before-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to initiate discussion with your students before they watch "  Pictures Do n't Lie . " 1 . What was the American civil rights movement ? In your opinion , what impact has this movement had on today 's society ? 2 . What do you think might have been the potential risks and benefits of joining the civil rights movement ? 3 . Some people in the civil rights movement advocated non-violence , while others preferred a more militant approach . What other ways can you think of to try to enact social or political change ? How do you think that policy makers and the public might respond to each of these strategies ? 4 . If you could interview one of the leaders of the civil rights movement , what questions would you ask ? What lessons would you want these leaders to pass on to your generation ? Post-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to talk about the program and to promote critical thinking after students have watched "  Pictures Do n't Lie . " 1 . Who was Ernest Withers ? What role did he play in Memphis society and in the American civil rights movement ? 2 . What are some of Withers ' images that are seen in the documentary ? Have you seen any of these photographs before ? What do you think that Andrew Young means when he says that , "  It would not have been the movement without the pictures " ? In your opinion , what might be the value of Withers ' photographs for American history ? 3 . What were some of the historical events that Withers witnessed and photographed ? According to the program : How was he able to get some of his famous shots ? Why did the civil rights leaders give him access to their meetings and events ? 4 . Who were the "  Invaders " ? How did this group 's approach to civil rights differ from the movement led by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Young ? Why do you think that some civil rights groups chose non-violent action as a form of protest , while other groups decided to act more militantly ? 5 . Why was Withers accused of working for the FBI ? According to the program , why did the FBI use informants from the black community ? Why do you think that some people in the black community helped the FBI ? What impact do you think that the leaking of information might have had on the civil rights movement ? Explain . 6 . What are some of the theories presented in the documentary for why Withers might have informed for the FBI ? Which of these theories , if any , do you believe ? Explain . Do you think that Withers sold information to the FBI ? Why or why not ? 7 . Why do you think that the FBI monitored the civil rights movement ? What challenges did the agency face in doing so ? What is your opinion of the FBI 's surveillance of the movement ? 8 . What do you think might be the potential advantages and disadvantages of using informants for surveillance versus using other methods  e.g. , wiretapping  ? In your opinion , should the federal government monitor individuals and groups that may be opposed to its policies ? Why or why not ? 9 . How do some of Withers ' family members and contemporaries respond to the accusation that Withers gave information to the FBI ? What is your reaction to their statements ? 10 . In your opinion , what impact has the accusation that Withers was an informant for the FBI had on his legacy ? 11 . How would you assess Ernest Withers ' role in the civil rights movement ? Media Literacy Questions : You 've no doubt heard the expression "  A picture is worth a thousand words . " In your opinion : How does a picture or image tell a story differently from words ? In what ways might a photojournalist shape your perception of a news event ? What images do you remember from events that happened during or before your lifetime ? Why do you think that these images are especially powerful ? Learning Activity : Pose this question to students : Do you think that Ernest Withers did more to promote or to undermine the civil rights movement ? Before students answer , have them work in groups to review the evidence presented in the program and conduct online research as well . Assist groups in organizing their research into a chart or other visual aid that presents the two sides to the question and the evidence for each side . Have groups share their findings . Then , generate a discussion about the information students found and what methods they used to assess it as credible or not credible . Ask for volunteers to share their conclusions about what they have seen , heard and read , as well as how the information gathered helped them to formulate opinions . Finally , have each student produce a video essay in response to the initial question that was posed to the class . Assess the essays on composition , grammar , media literacy and production . Curriculum Connections National Curriculum Standards for Social Studies : The Themes of Social Studies 5 . INDIVIDUALS , GROUPS , AND INSTITUTIONS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . 6 . POWER , AUTHORITY , AND GOVERNANCE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create , interact with , and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  .	"  Pictures Do n't Lie : a Black in America Special " examines the legacy of civil rights photographer Ernest Withers Withers may have led a double life as a paid FBI informant Use this educator 's and parent 's guide to debate Withers ' place in civil rights history The guide includes before-viewing and post-viewing questions , media literacy questions and a learning activity
CNN  -- I 'm 45 , and my son is 7 . Once in a while , I still get carded when I try to buy certain well-guarded cold medicines , so I was taken aback in recent months when two different strangers asked , "  Is that your grandson ? " I was most surprised by the instant assumption , without an awkward pause or hesitation , as if grandmother was the only option . I was 38 when Jason was born -- not exactly a young mother , but nowhere near the age I imagine a grandmother to be . Both incidents took place after I moved from California to Atlanta , a Southern city , and both times I was asked by fellow black women -- one about 21 , and one who was my senior . I thought about the incidents when I read a recent CNN.com essay by Rose Arce on being mistaken for her daughter 's nanny . The essay inspired me to post my case of mistaken grandmother identity on Facebook , where I got lively responses ranging from "  Are you kidding ? " to makeover tips . Had I let too many gray hairs escape my patrol ? Maybe the question should n't have surprised me , given the historically high teen birth rates and young grandmothers in the black community , especially in the South . But I have since learned about a convergence of birth and child-rearing trends that make it harder to guess whether an over-40 caretaker is a grandparent or , like me , a more ... er ... "  mature " mother . First , experts say teenagers are having fewer babies . "  We believe evidence-based teen pregnancy programs work best , " says Vikki Millender-Morrow , the CEO of the Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention  G-CAPP  , founded by Jane Fonda . "  We also believe in giving the kids hope . Even with all the education in the world , if they do n't believe their future circumstances are brighter than what they 're seeing , what 's the reason to delay ? " Georgia had the highest teen birth rate in the nation in 1995 , but currently ranks No. 13 , according to Millender-Morrow . And recent data shows that Georgia was one of 10 states -- including Mississippi , Florida and Arizona -- that had the most dramatic decreases in births to 15 - to 17-year-olds between 2007 and 2009 . It 's a national trend . According to preliminary data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics published this year , the birth rate for teens ages 15 to 19 had reached its lowest point in the nearly 70 years since the data has been tracked . Black births to teens ages 15 to 17 have plummeted since the 86.1 rate in 1991 , for example , when the Hispanic rate was 69.2  per 1,000 women  . Still , black and Hispanic teenagers still have a much higher birth rate than non-Hispanic whites . The February report shows that the birth rate per 1,000 teens for black teenagers ages 15 to 17 was 32.1 in 2009 , and even higher at 41 for Hispanic teens -- compared with just 11 for non-Hispanic whites . If more young people are weighing their life options -- with fewer "  babies having babies " -- fewer grandparents are raising their grandchildren , right ? Wrong . More children are being raised by their grandparents . U.S Census Bureau data from 2009 , published in July , reports that the percentage of white and Hispanic children being raised by one or both grandparents doubled between 1991 and 2009 , from about 1 % to 2 % . About 5 % of black children are raised by a grandparent , a figure the Census Bureau says has remained constant since 1991 . Citing the impact of harsh economic times , the Pew Research Center 's latest data from 2008 indicates that 2.9 million children were being raised primarily by their grandparents -- up 8 % from 2000 , and 5 % from 2007 . Pew reports that the number of black grandparents serving as primary caregivers fell 12 % between 2000 and 2008 , but the number of white grandparents spiked 19 % . The number of Hispanic grandparents becoming caregivers rose 14 % during that eight-year period . According to Pew , 53 % of grandparent caregivers are white , 24 % are black , 18 % are Hispanic and 3 % are Asian . "  Many of these children come to live with their grandparents because of substance abuse or child maltreatment or abandonment , " said Dr. Ottive Breedlove , associate director for operations at Project Healthy Grandparents , a community outreach research project that Georgia State University in Atlanta launched in 1995 . "  You 're entering your late fifties or sixties , and you 're thinking about retiring , settling down , as opposed to gearing up again to raise a family . " The project gives grandparent caretakers in eligible counties services for a year , with referrals for financial assistance , housing and health care . An average of 60 to 75 grandparent-led families participate a year . And there is a waiting list . " -LSB- The grandparents -RSB- do n't get a rest , " says child psychologist Dr. Judith M. Kinney , assistant director of the University of Maryland Counseling Center . She says that 25 % to 30 % of the patients in her private practice are being raised by one or both grandparents . "  They 've been doing it for 40 years . " Fongie Lanier , 57 , who lives outside Atlanta , took responsibility for raising her three grandchildren in 1997 because her daughter had substance abuse problems and was sometimes incarcerated . Lanier , a part-time assistant in a law office , says her daughter and grandchildren were living with her until her daughter left one day . "  It was too much responsibility for her , " she says . Lanier says two of the three grandchildren also had medical challenges because of a rare blood disorder . Now , her grandchildren are 23 , 21 and 19 , with the youngest about to start college . "  Some of my friends have young kids , and I have grandkids , " says Lanier , who got married and had her first child at 16 . Most of my friends , like me , got a much later start . And we 're not alone . The National Center for Health Statistics reports that the birth rate for women ages 40 to 44 rose 3 % between 2008 and 2009 -- the only age group to have an increase for that time period . Women are waiting longer to have children . According to a 2009 report from the center , the average age of a mother 's first birth jumped 3.6 years between 1970 and 2006 , from 21.4 years to 25 years . For black mothers , the average age rose from 21.7 to 22.7 ; for Latina mothers , the average age for a first child rose from 22.4 to 23.1 . No wonder observers are confused . South Carolina stay-at-home mother LaVeda H. Mason , a writer , experienced age whiplash after her seventh child was born when she was 40 . Until then , a youthful face meant she was carded constantly . No more . Two weeks after the first time she was n't carded , the bigger shock came in a restaurant : "  The woman behind me looked at me and said , ` What a cute baby ! Is she your grandbaby ? ' I was speechless for 30 seconds until I realized my mouth was hanging open . Then I just closed it and said , ` No , she 's my daughter . ' ... My mother said , ` Girls are having babies at 15 , so if you have a baby at 15 , and your child has a baby at 15 or 16 , at 30 you 're a grandmother . ' I like to think I 'm not old enough to be a grandmother , but since my oldest is 21 , it is possible . " My over-40-new-mom status might have come as a surprise to observers previously , but regional customs might explain why no one had blurted out the grandmother question before I moved to Atlanta . Until recently , I lived in Los Angeles . "  Southern black people , to me , treat other black people like family , " says Duchess Harris , 42 , author of "  Black Feminist Politics from Kennedy to Obama . " Harris and her husband had the last of their three children when she was 37 . She 's an associate professor of American Studies at Macalester College in St. Paul , Minnesota , but she was born in Virginia . Maybe as more mothers wait longer to have children , the question "  Are you his grandmother ? " eventually will be weighed as carefully as "  Are you pregnant ? " You ca n't tell in a glance . Tananarive Due is a writer based in Atlanta . Her website is www.tananarivedue.com .	Tananarive Due , 45 , has been asked if her 7-year-old son is her grandson Many women are having children at a later age Meanwhile , more children are being raised by grandparents
CNN  -- Ten years after the end of its civil war , Angola , which is heading to the polls Friday , has been transformed into a regional African power with a strong economy , but poverty is still widespread . Angola experienced double digit growth in GDP annually in the period 2002-2008 . In the last five of these years , average annual growth was at 17 % , which more than doubled the size of the economy . The country is the second largest oil producer in sub-Saharan Africa , and the third biggest economy , after South Africa and Nigeria . Do these tremendous growth rates mean that Angola has escaped the so-called resource curse , where oil resources are detrimental to growth ? Is Angola likely to continue growing at these fast rates , and perhaps catch up to the largest economies in the region in a few years ' time ? Is Angola a success in terms of development and poverty reduction ? It is not uncommon for countries that come out of a civil war to grow at very high rates . The growth seen in the period 2002-2008 may thus reflect the end of the civil war in 2002 . Read related : Post-war generation emerges as Angola votes If there is a tendency to blame all that is wrong in Angola on its war legacy , perhaps the end of the war should be credited for things that have been going well ? It is always problematic to speculate about future growth rates . After 2009 , growth has dropped to around 3 % per year and projections for the coming years are in the range 5-8 % . There are many reasons for this significant drop , the financial crisis and oil price development are part of the explanation . But in the longer perspective , there may be more fundamental structural challenges to Angolan growth and development . In particular , research shows that resource-rich countries with little political accountability have trouble converting resources into development . Angola scores still low on governance indicators , and the coming elections seem unlikely to challenge the over 30-year-long reign of President Jose Eduardo dos Santos . Watch : Angola 's economic potential The fact the Angolan economy is the most concentrated in sub-Saharan Africa also makes growth vulnerable . The profitability of the oil sector renders diversification difficult in any economy . But is the Angolan government really trying to diversify ? An important question is how government reliance on oil rents affects political incentives to diversify the economy . Business environment indicators for the country remain poor , while investment is hampered by a lack of education and institutional challenges . Do the poor care about the overall growth rate of the Angolan economy ? Experience shows that growth reduces poverty less in countries with high initial inequality . And oil-driven growth in a country with low political accountability is susceptible to wealth concentration rather than redistribution . Employment in the oil sector is typically also too limited to produce widespread economic opportunities . Read also : Ghana 's oil discovery : blessing or curse ? We really do n't know too much about the situation of the poor in Angola today . The last real census in the country was conducted in 1970 . The last figures on poverty are from 2000 , putting the proportion of people living on less than $ 1.25 a day at 54 % . Angola ranks as 148 out of 187 countries on the Human Development index . Based on a household sample , INE estimated a poverty rate of 37 % in 2008 . However , it is difficult to assess how the poverty line was constructed . As data is not directly comparable to previous studies , it is also problematic to analyze development over time . In spite of this , the President claims that the poverty rate has been reduced from 70 to 37 % from 2002 to 2008 . A census is due to be held next year . Interestingly , but perhaps not surprisingly , it takes place after the coming elections . Some data of a more limited nature do provide a window onto the situation of the poor in Angola . In 2010 , the Angolan NGO Development Workshop and the Chr . Michelsen Institute conducted a survey of microcredit clients in Luanda . Results suggest that business profitability among the poor is constrained by a lack of education and health and by corruption . This indicates that the factors that restrain dynamism in non-oil segments of the Angolan economy , also act as constraints on the very survival of the urban poor . Without structural and political reforms of these constraints , it is hard to believe that an election in and of itself will change the lives of the poor . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arne Wiig and Ivar Kolstad .	Oil-rich Angola is holding its second peacetime elections on Friday The country has experienced strong growth in the years after the end of its civil war Resource-rich countries with little political accountability have trouble converting resources into development Business profitability among the poor is constrained by lack of education and health services
New York  CNN  -- Dumpster-lined streets and sidewalks strewn with destroyed art hint at the damage Hurricane Sandy wreaked on New York 's most important art district last week ; but as electricity slowly returns and flood waters recede , the impact of the "  super storm " is still uncertain in New York 's downtown Chelsea neighborhood . "  Chelsea is the center of America for contemporary art , " Zach Feuer , owner of Zach Feuer gallery , told CNN . "  This is a big cultural loss . " The destruction has left the contemporary and modern art world reeling , and as the recovery effort continues the massive creative and monetary toll is rising fast . "  I would not be surprised if , when it 's all said and done , the damage that is done to our art world will be in the hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in unrecoverable work , " gallery owner Leo Koenig said . The storm that broke records -- and hearts What caused so much damage ? When the surge from Hurricane Sandy pushed water levels to record highs on Monday night , flooding from the Hudson River quickly filled basements and street level facilities that are used primarily for art storage and exhibitions in Chelsea . In many cases , precautionary sandbags and sealants were washed away easily , and even works that were elevated high on the wall were soaked by morning . As the storm subsided , gallery owners and managers returned early on Tuesday , but much of the permanent damage had already been done . Gallery owner Derek Eller returned to his building but could n't operate his electric gate because of the power outage . From a back window he was able to see boxes on the ground floor that had floated up when flooding in his 1,800-square-foot basement nearly reached the ceiling . "  It 's a disaster , pieces are lost forever , " Eller said after emerging from his still-soaked basement . "  We have been saving works over the past three days . " Storm victims ' latest adversary : Cold Koenig sealed the bottom of the entrance to his space in preparation for the hurricane . "  My common sense told me that if there was a foot and a half of water standing on 23rd Street , the world was about to end , " he said . But when Koenig opened his doors the following day , water trapped in the gallery all night by the sealant came gushing out onto the sidewalk . While many returned to find their collections in ruins , some witnessed the wreckage as it unfolded . "  The surge came in and broke through the door , and knocked me down , " Silas Seandel , a sculptor who lives above his studio , told CNN . " -LSB- It -RSB- threw me and thousands of pounds of steel , and bronze , and sheets , all the way to the back door . " Remarkably , Seandel was able to return to higher ground and wait out the storm . From Eller 's basement to those barely affected , galleries and conservators seem to agree that the priority right now is recovering as much work as possible and keeping it dry . "  The conservators were here immediately , there are trucks leaving with art constantly to get repaired , " said Feuer , who estimates millions of dollars in damage to his gallery alone . "  The mold is kind of our biggest race , so there 's a speed issue . " Other galleries have had to perform restorations on their own , reaching out to artists and conservators for insight during this crucial time . Marisa Newman , co-owner of Newman Popiashvili Gallery , gathered as much work as she could and raced uptown to her parents ' home on Tuesday , knowing they still had power . Opinion : Sandy shouts climate change "  I used their apartment for art triage , " Newman recounted , "  I brought as much there , and we just cracked open all the frames , got everything out so they would just dry . " Newman is now using the space above her gallery to hold and restore other works . To further assist this process , the Museum of Modern Art and conservators from the American Institute for Conservation Collections Emergency Response Team , are offering official guidelines and "  a free public presentation on recovering wet art and cultural materials , " according to an official release from MoMA . Despite the chaos , this generally competitive community has worked tirelessly to come together and ease the blow that Sandy has dealt , providing each other with generators , food and everything in between . "  This kind of event brings back the human factor to it , " said Emilio Steinberger , senior director at the gallery Haunch of Venison . "  These are artists , these are dealers , people put their heart and soul into the art world and they 're moving to save it , and put things back together . " How to help This sentiment seems to be echoing through the galleries of the damaged neighborhood , and many have been adamant that Chelsea 's art culture will not only recover but maintain its prestigious position within the art world . Seandel , who has worked and held exhibits in the same studio since 1978 , has already insisted that he will repair and refinish all damaged works . "  I 'm 75 years old , but I feel I 've still got a lot of life in me , my work is still in demand all over the world , " Seandel said . "  The thing about the New York gallery community is that it 's an industry full of extremely intelligent , extremely capable people , " gallery owner Cristin Tierney said . "  So , I really believe that as dire as things are now , we 're going to bounce back . " Photos : New York recovers from Sandy CNN 's Crista Giuliani contributed to this report .	One gallery owner anticipates losses to the art world in the "  hundreds of millions " "  Chelsea is the center of America for contemporary art , " another says Flooding from the Hudson River quickly filled basements and street-level facilities Sculptor says he and thousands of pounds of metal were knocked down by the surge
Washington  CNN  -- The family of Frank Buckles , the nation 's lone living veteran of World War I , hopes he makes it to his 110th birthday about a month from now , despite troubling signs he is on the decline . Buckles , who was born February 1 , 1901 , is thought to be the world 's oldest living war veteran . Buckles has slowed down considerably in just the past two months , according to his daughter Susannah Buckles Flanagan , who lives with him at the family home near Charles Town , in the eastern panhandle of West Virginia . A family friend who visited two weeks ago says he is awake just a few hours a day . "  When he 's awake , he 's there with us , " said David DeJonge , a Michigan portrait photographer who has spent the past decade documenting the final few veterans from the war that ended 92 years ago . With only one veteran left , DeJonge spends the remaining time helping Buckles represent the memory of his comrades . Despite his advanced age , Buckles had been coming to Capitol Hill to try to persuade lawmakers to grant federal status to an existing World War I monument in Washington that was built in the 1930s . The monument currently honors only those who served from the District of Columbia . "  I have to , " Buckles told CNN when he came to Washington a year ago to testify as part of what he considers his responsibility to those who 've gone before him . Although passed by the House , the legislation , known as the Frank Buckles Memorial Act , remains stalled in the Senate . Passage would bestow federal status to both the D.C. location and another WWI memorial in Kansas City , Missouri . His family is concerned he may never live to see the bill enacted . Last month , Buckles was not strong enough and could not make a trip to Washington to review renovations as they began at the D.C. War Memorial . The National Park Service hosted a tour showing the first real improvements in decades at the site , fixing a neglected walkway and dressing up a deteriorated dome and marble columns . Learning of Buckles ' decline , the office of Rep. Shelley Moore Capito , R-West Virginia , sent word to the family last week that "  she would like to offer her thoughts and prayers to him , " at a time "  Mr. Buckles ' health has taken a turn for the worse . " As an Army corporal in what was known as the Great War , Buckles drove an ambulance in France . Even if the monument becomes part of Buckles ' legacy , his family is concerned the Pentagon has not fully considered what can be done to honor him after his death . His daughter says the Military District of Washington will support an honors burial at Arlington , including an escort platoon , a horse-drawn casket arrival , a band and a firing party . She has expressed concern that Army officials have told her they can not provide honor staff for any related memorial services that do n't take place at the National Cemetery . A proposal from Rep. Ted Poe , R-Texas , calls for ceremonies in the Capitol , where Buckles ' casket would be displayed with honors . The family is concerned they would have to bear the cost of supporting the display and that the U.S military would decline to participate . So DeJonge , the family friend who also serves as president of the WWI Memorial Foundation , told CNN he has asked American allies to help give Buckles a proper sendoff when the time comes . "  The French are in , " DeJonge confirmed , "  they plan to send a Defense Ministry official , and hope to contribute at least two honor guards and pallbearers . " A British defense official has told the family that the UK would send the air-vice marshal and possibly the British ambassador . "  It has long been my father 's wish to be buried in Arlington , in the same cemetery that holds his beloved General  John . J.  Pershing  commander of the American Expeditionary Forces in WWI  , " Flanagan wrote , appealing for help from Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia . "  I feel confident that the right thing will come to pass . "	Family : Health of U.S. World War I veteran , 109 , is declining Plans under way , when the time comes , for eventual funeral at Arlington Frank Buckles still pushing national status for a Washington city memorial Renovations under way at the 1930s DC site
CNN  -- At least two Americans , two Frenchmen and one Canadian were kidnapped early Monday by an armed group that raided an oil rig off the Nigerian coast . Two crew members are in stable condition at a shore-based clinic , where they were airlifted after being wounded in the leg . The rig off the southern coast of Nigeria at Okoro field is run by Transocean and owned by London-based Afren PLC , which detailed the hostages ' nationalities and said that five were believed to have been kidnapped . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley put the number of hostages at seven and confirmed that two are U.S. citizens . "  We  are  , of course , concerned about their safety and hope for their immediate release , " he said . "  We are working with Nigerian authorities ... to pursue their prompt release , and there 's an investigation already under way . " Residents of Silver Creek , Mississippi , described James Robertson , one of the men kidnapped in the raid , as a "  real nice guy , " according to CNN affiliate WLBT . "  He 's a great person , over there doing his job , " said Larry Smith . Kacey Slocum , who used to live down the road from Robertson , told WLBT that she and others were praying for their neighbor 's safe return . She added that the nature of the raid made it all the more distressing . "  I never thought there would be pirates in 2010 , " said Slocum , whose husband also works offshore on a rig near South America . Drilling operations in the Okoro field off Nigeria have been temporarily suspended , both companies involved said . In a news release , Afren said a "  security breach " occurred soon after its "  High Island VII jackup rig " arrived but before drilling had commenced . "  The situation has not been resolved . Afren is doing everything it can to resolve the situation as quickly as possible , and it is working with relevant agencies in the Nigerian government , " Afren public relations spokesman James Henderson told CNN . The kidnappers have n't contacted Transocean , said Guy Cantwell , a spokesman for the Houston , Texas-based company . "  Clearly , the industry is on heightened alert , " Cantwell said . "  We 're in wait-and-see mode . " Transocean operates six offshore rigs in Nigeria -- two deepwater rigs , two ultra-deepwater rigs and two shallow water rigs , including the one involved in the incident -- according to Cantwell . The company has "  taken additional safety precautions " on its other assets in the west African nation , he added . There has been no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , and Nigerian officials would not comment about the incident . Several militant groups in the oil-rich Niger Delta have been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country 's oil wealth . One of the largest such groups -- the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta -- is known for its kidnappings of oil workers . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Neighbors of a hostage from Silver Creek , Mississippi , call him a "  really nice guy " Two crew members were flown to a clinic after being shot in leg and are in stable condition The rig attacked by an armed group is off the southern coast of Nigeria No one has yet claimed responsibility for attack ; Nigerian officials offer no comment
CNN  -- A former leader of Mexico 's Tijuana drug cartel pleaded guilty in U.S. federal court in San Diego on Wednesday to charges of racketeering and conspiracy to launder money , according to court documents . The plea agreement signed by prosecutors and Benjamin Arellano Felix calls for a maximum of 25 years in prison and the forfeiture of $ 100 million to the United States . "  Arellano Felix led the most violent criminal organization in this part of the world for two decades , " U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy said in a statement . "  Today 's guilty plea marks the end of his reign of murder , mayhem and corruption , and his historic admission of guilt sends a clear message to the Mexican cartel leaders operating today : the United States will spare no effort to investigate , extradite , and prosecute you for your criminal activities . " A lawyer representing Arellano Felix described the deal as "  very favorable . " "  It gives Mr. Arellano Felix the hope of one day being released from custody and returning to his family in Mexico , " attorney Anthony E. Colombo Jr. said after Wednesday 's hearing . A sentencing hearing is scheduled for April 2 , attorneys said . Arellano Felix , 58 , had been named in two U.S. indictments alleging conspiracy , money laundering , drug trafficking , operating a drug smuggling organization and murder . If convicted on those charges , he faced between 40 and 140 years behind bars , Colombo said . Beyond racketeering and conspiracy to launder money , other charges against Arellano Felix will be dismissed at the sentencing hearing , Colombo said . Arellano Felix was one of seven brothers who ran the cartel until he and the majority of the leadership were arrested . Officials have said the cartel was weakened as a result but is still considered one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking operations . Wednesday 's plea agreement says he was the "  leader , organizer and ultimate decision-maker " for the cartel , also known as the Arellano Felix Organization , from at least 1986 until his March 9 , 2002 , arrest . William Sherman , acting special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration 's San Diego office , said in a statement Wednesday that authorities had "  effectively dismantled this once powerful cartel from the top down . " The Tijuana cartel , during its peak in the 1990s and early 2000s , controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs into the United States through Tijuana and Mexicali . In addition to trafficking drugs , the cartel under Arellano Felix 's leadership ran a network known for bribes , spies and killings , according to the Mexican attorney general 's office . He was considered the brains and accountant for the organization , the agency said . Arellano Felix has been convicted of organized crime activities in Mexico and served nine years there before his extradition to the United States last year . He was arrested in 2002 in the state of Puebla . Extradition processes against him began in 2007 .	NEW : Prosecutor : Guilty plea "  marks the end of his reign of murder , mayhem and corruption " An attorney for Benjamin Arellano Felix calls the plea deal "  very favorable " Arellano Felix pleads guilty to racketeering , court documents show The plea agreement calls for a maximum of 25 years in prison
CNN  -- The American Medical Association , the nation 's largest organization of physicians , apologized Thursday for its history of discriminatory policies toward African-American physicians , including those that effectively restricted membership to whites . Dr. Nelson L. Adams said the AMA 's practices had a "  devastating " effect on African-Americans ' health . "  We are apologizing for policies and practices that we had that ... are offensive to AMA leaders today , " the organization 's immediate past president , Dr. Ronald M. Davis , told CNN . "  Our major goal in this matter is to confront the past to build a better future . " For a long portion of the organization 's history , the AMA required that its members belong to a state or local medical society , groups that in some states did not allow African-Americans as members , Davis said . "  AMA declined to take actions against those societies , " he said , and "  few African-Americans ... were able to become members of AMA for that reason . " The move comes amid a number of efforts undertaken by the organization in recent decades to lessen racial inequality in the field of medicine . They include : attempts to increase the number of African-Americans who enter medical school , recruiting African-Americans and minorities for AMA membership , and addressing racial disparities in health care . The National Medical Association , an African-American physician group founded in 1895 when AMA membership was out of reach for most African-Americans , said it accepted the apology . "  We commend the AMA for taking this courageous step and coming to grips with a litany of discriminatory practices that have had a devastating effect on the health of African-Americans , " the organization 's president , Dr. Nelson L. Adams , said in a written statement . However , the organization said that the AMA 's policies of discrimination have contributed to disparity in health care for African-Americans . "  These persistent , race-based health disparities have led to a precipitous decline in the health of African-Americans when compared to their white counterparts and the population as a whole , " Dr. Nedra H. Joyner , chair of the NMA 's board of trustees , said in the statement . Joyner said African-Americans disproportionately suffer from chronic diseases that include heart disease , diabetes and high blood pressure . "  In accepting this apology for past wrongs , it is important we seize this opportunity to move forward to correct these injustices , " she said .	Largest U.S. physicians group apologizes for previous discrimination AMA required state , local medical society membership ; many were closed to blacks African-American physician group accepts apology AMA says it 's working to lessen racial inequalities in medicine
CNN  -- Zambian economist Dambisa Moyo is an outspoken critic of international aid , arguing for years that foreign handouts stifle Africa 's development , perpetuate corruption and hinder the continent 's growth . A New York Times bestselling author , Moyo first grabbed international headlines with her 2009 book "  Dead Aid : Why Aid is Not Working and How There is a Better Way for Africa . " Since then , she 's penned two more books , on the subject of the decline of the West , and the effects of China 's commodities rush . In a new interview with CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Moyo explains why she 's optimistic about the future of Africa . She looks at the positive impact that China can have on the continent and details the key drivers that will spur Africa 's economic growth . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : The aid debate is so different from before ... Dambisa Moyo : So much has happened in the last five years -- whether you 're in Africa , South America or Asia , nobody talks about aid anymore . Policy makers themselves are going out and issuing debts in the market . My own country , Zambia , did a fantastic bond , a $ 750 million 10-year bond , last September . The discussion is so much more about job creation and investment , which is such a fantastic story and it 's obviously partly to do with the fact that the traditional donors are having a financial problem , fiscal problem , on their balance sheets . They just do n't have the capital anymore to hand out cash like they did in the past . CNN : The Chinese story has been thrown into the mix , has that changed the landscape ? DM : Yes , absolutely , but in a strange way it 's exactly what we need in terms of delivering economic growth and meaningfully reducing poverty . We need jobs , we need investment , we need trade , we need foreign direct investment , whether investment domestically but also from the outside . It 's not some magic pill , everybody knows that this is the formula , and finally the Chinese are showing up , again , not just in Africa , but around the world with that elixir , that mix of opportunities to really transform these countries . Remember , 70 % of the populations of these places is under the age of 24 . There is no escape : we have to create jobs . Read this : How ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future CNN : A lot of people are critical of Chinese "  neo-colonialism " but you argue that 's not the case . DM : Well , it 's not , because China has so many economic problems in itself . You know , this is a population of 1.3 billion people with 300 million people that live at the level of Western living style . So they 've got a billion people to move out of poverty . The notion that they would be spending their time trying to colonize other places is just , frankly , absurd . I 'm not saying that China should be given a red carpet , carte blanche , to come into Africa or , indeed , anywhere in the world , and do what they like . We do need the investment , we need job creation and we do need actual trade in these places . But I think what 's really essential is to focus on what China can do for Africa , as well as what Africa can do for China . And I think that discussion is not had as objectively as it should be . Ultimately , the responsibility of how China engages in Africa is really at the domain of the African governments . We would not be worried about the risks of neo-colonialism or abuse , environmental abuse and labor issues , if we trusted the African governments to do the right thing . CNN : How do you see the trends playing out in the next decades ? DM : I 'm an eternal optimist . I 'm probably the wrong person to ask , because I do believe that the structural and fundamental structures of Africa right now are poised for a very good few decades . If you look at an economy through the lens of capital , which is basically money ; labor , which is basically how many people do you have and what skills do they have ; and productivity , which is just , how efficiently they use capital and labor , the trend is very clearly in favor of Africa . Read this : African CEOs look to bright future We 've got a very solid fiscal story . The debt-to-GDP ratios in Africa today at the sovereign level are nowhere near the burdens that we are seeing in Europe and the United States . The labor story is very positive -- 60-70 % of Africans are under the age of 25 . So a young population dynamically needs to be leveraged , so definitely we need to invest in skills and education to make sure that we get the best out of this young population . And then , in terms of productivity , this continent is a great absorber of technologies and all the things that can help us become more efficient . Therefore , these three key drivers : capital , labor , and productivity , help spur economic growth . Now is it going to be smooth sailing ? Of course not -- there will be volatility , but I think the real investors in Africa will be able to make a delineation between risk and uncertainty . CNN : And it 's about a country 's resources , too , right ? DM : That 's a brilliant question , because actually the answer is no . I think it 's really about the structural things that I mentioned : capital , labor , productivity . Why do I say that ? Let 's take a look at the African stock market . There are about 20 stock exchanges in Africa and about 1,000 stocks that trade in Africa -- 85 % of them are non-commodities . We 're talking about banking , we 're talking about insurance , we 're talking about retail , we 're talking about consumer goods , logistics companies , telecommunications companies , those are the stocks that are on the African stock market . CNN : Do you feel a sense of responsibility to represent the African success story ? DM : Well , I suppose , for me , I feel a responsibility to tell the truth . This is a great continent . I went to primary school on this continent , secondary school , university , I 've worked on this continent and I think that it 's a great disservice that , for whatever reason , people have usurped an imagery of Africa that is absolutely incorrect . They focus on war , disease , corruption and poverty . That is not all about Africa and I think it 's really essential if we 're going to turn the corner , we need to take that responsibility , as governments , as citizens , not just Africans , global citizens to say , "  that 's actually not true . " There are more poor people in India than there are in Africa ; more poor people in China than there are in Africa , but somehow there 's a stigma for decades that 's been associated with the African continent that is completely unjustified -- and it 's that I find objectionable .	Dambisa Moyo is a Zambian economist , investment strategist and author She 's been arguing for years that international aid stifles Africa 's development Essential is to focus on what China can do for Africa , she says Moyo says capital , labor and productivity will help spur Africa 's economic growth
CNN  -- Brad Keselowski is once again a contender in this year 's NASCAR Sprint Cup Series , but off the track he is championing a cause dear to his heart . Keselowski , known for hanging an American flag out his window whenever a victory lap is warranted , started the Checkered Flag Foundation to support anyone who has "  sacrificed greatly for America . " The foundation centers around the Race 2 Recovery program , which serves wounded veterans . Several race weekends a year Keselowski and his foundation , run by former Navy Lt. Andrea Ross , work with local Veterans Affairs hospitals to bring vets and their families to the track for a VIP experience . Hospital staff recommends the honorees -- many amputees or in wheelchairs -- as either deserving of special praise or being in need of a morale boost . "  A lot of our honorees have n't been out of the house in quite some time . So it 's a great way to get them out and get them on their feet , " Keselowski says . The highlight of the program happens after the race 's final lap . When the grandstands empty out and race crews have headed home , Keselowski gets back behind the wheel for an extra day to give his honorees a once-in-a-lifetime experience -- a high-speed joy ride around the track . "  I believe in charity in action . I think it 's very tempting for some people to maybe write a check and walk away feeling like they 've done their good deed , but at some point somebody actually has to do the good deed , " Keselowski says . He gets help from his Penske Racing teammate Parker Kligerman . Kligerman drives a second car for honorees ' family members who also might feel the need for speed . "  I hope they take a glimpse of what we do but almost at the same time a glimpse of getting away from some tumultuous experience they 've had as a veteran of war , " Kligerman says . "  And hopefully racing is something that they can become a fan of through this experience and have something to look forward to week in and week out . " Iraq war veteran Noah Galloway , who was n't a NASCAR fan before the Birmingham VA connected him to the Checkered Flag Foundation , says Keselowski 's program means a lot to him . "  I think what the Checkered Flag Foundation is doing is incredible -- Brad having this organization , inviting veterans out to experience NASCAR events , but not only that . Here it is , Monday . He won yesterday 's race . He was here this morning with us and driving us around the track , " Galloway says . "  He could want to just as easily either still be partying or be back on the road . But he 's here with us , and I think that is incredible for all of us veterans to have someone show that much appreciation . " One of the foundation 's original honorees , Dustin Humphreys , says what Keselowski and his team did for him was so inspiring that he now gives back as a volunteer . "  It 's changed my whole outlook on everything now . It 's so easy to get depressed when you come back and you ca n't do the stuff you used to , " Humphreys says . Like many of the men and women the foundation serves , Humphreys and Galloway are around the same age as Keselowski , a fact not lost on the 28-year-old racer . Keselowski says he realizes he could have just as easily been in their place . The cause became even more personal when he saw an old friend at Walter Reed Army Medical Center during NASCAR 's tour to support the troops . His friend had been injured , and several soldiers in his unit had died in Iraq . "  He just completely lacked any motivation to live , " Keselowski says of his friend with whom he 'd lost touch . "  That was probably one of the key moments that made me feel like ... this was a cause that was worth something , to help guys like him get back going . " Keselowski adds , "  If we can be the difference in one person 's life and prevent them from going through the trials and tribulations that a lot of our veterans have , whether it 's becoming a recluse or worst case , suicide , if we can prevent one of those things from happening , I feel like we 've been a success , and it 's worth the effort . "	NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski 's foundation helps those who have served the U.S. Checkered Flag Foundation 's Race 2 Recovery program honors wounded veterans Honorees spend race weekend as racer 's guest , and he drives around the track at full speed "  I believe in charity in action , " Keselowski says
CNN  -- An American convicted of being an al Qaeda operative was resentenced to life in prison Monday in a Virginia courtroom after an appeals court ruled his 30-year prison sentence was too lenient . Ahmed Omar Abu Ali , seated far left , appears in an artist 's rendering of a March 2005 court hearing . Ahmed Omar Abu Ali , a native of Falls Church , Virginia , was convicted in November 2005 of conspiring with al Qaeda and involvement in a possible plot to assassinate then-President George W. Bush . A federal appeals court , however , ruled the lower court did not sentence Abu Ali harshly enough and that its deviance from federal sentencing guidelines was unjustified . "  The defendant sought to destabilize our government and to shake it to its core , " according to the 2008 ruling . "  To this day , he wishes he had succeeded . ... It is not too much to ask that a sentencing proceeding not lose sight of the immensity and scale of wanton harm that was and remains Abu Ali 's plain and clear intention . " Abu Ali was resentenced to life in prison , federal prosecutors told CNN on Monday . In June 2003 , Saudi Arabian authorities detained Abu Ali in Medina , where he was participating in religious studies . During his 20-month detention in Saudi Arabia , he confessed to being a member of al Qaeda and to discussing the execution of a number of terrorist plots , including one to assassinate Bush . Prosecutors offered no evidence that those discussions morphed into a specific plan . However , they maintained that Abu Ali discussed boarding a U.S.-bound plane from Australia or England and flying it into targets on the U.S. East Coast . Abu Ali 's attorneys argued that his confessions were false and obtained through torture in Saudi Arabia before he was transported to the United States in February 2005 . At his 2006 sentencing , Abu Ali faced a sentence of 20 years to life , and prosecutors maintained that "  only a life sentence will protect the citizens of the United States from the defendant attacking again . " But U.S. District Judge Gerald Bruce Lee rejected that claim , saying there was no evidence Abu Ali took any steps within the United States to further the conspiracies . In sentencing Abu Ali , Lee quoted extensively from letters he received from his friends , family and others endorsing Abu Ali 's character . But the appeals court said it was unmoved . "  What person of ` good character ' aims to destroy thousands of fellow human beings beings who are innocent of any transgressions against him ? This is not good character as we understand it , and to allow letters of this sort to provide the basis for such a substantial variance would be to deprive ` good character ' of all its content . " Abu Ali 's 30-year sentence was to be followed by 30 years of supervised release . CNN 's Justine Redman contributed to this report .	An American convicted of being an al Qaeda operative gets life sentence Ahmed Omar Abu Ali convicted in 2005 in possible plot against President Bush Federal appeals court ruled man 's original 30-year prison sentence was too lenient Defense argued confessions were false , obtained through torture in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- On Easter Sunday , the day before the explosion that would take his life , Joshua Napper got saved while attending church with his family , his mother said . When he left her home in Ohio to go work in West Virginia 's Upper Big Branch South Mine , Napper left behind letters for his girlfriend and small daughter . According to his mother , Pam Napper , the letters told them , "  If anything happens to me , I 'll be looking down from heaven at you all . " He told his girlfriend he loved her and asked that "  my baby girl " be taken care of , Pam Napper said . "  He grabbed my hand and he said , ` Mom , I love you , ' " she said . "  I said , ' I love you too , Josh , I 'll always love you . ' " Were you and your family affected by the blast ? Share your story Joshua Napper died in the mine Monday , along with his uncle , Timmy Davis , and his cousin , Corey Davis , Timmy Davis ' son . At least 22 others are dead following the explosion . "  I just think he knew what was going to happen , " Pam Napper told CNN 's John Roberts . She said she knew that day that something had gone wrong in the mine . "  I was just sitting on the couch that morning , Monday , and I just felt in my heart and my stomach that something was definitely wrong , " she said . Joshua Napper had been working in the mine for eight weeks . When he asked his mother if he could , she initially said no but gave in after he begged her . "  He said , ` Please , mom , ' " she said . "  I said , ` OK , you 're 25 . I have to let you go . I have to let you make your own decisions in life . ' " She said her son called her one day last week at 3:30 p.m. , long before he should have gotten off work . "  Bad ventilation in the mines , " he told her . "  They sent us home early . " "  They sent the whole crew home , " Pam Napper told CNN 's Roberts . "  It scared me , because I 've been raised all my life with coal mines . But you know , we 've never heard of explosions and things like this , that 's going on in the mines now . " In the aftermath of Monday 's blast , some have pointed to numerous citations -- including some for ventilation issues -- issued to Massey Energy Co. , which owns the mine . Asked if she had any questions for Massey , however , she said no . "  I just know there were things there that were n't right , " she said , but added her brother would never have endangered her son or his son if he believed the work was unsafe . "  I think it was just a freak accident , " she said . "  I think something just happened . I do n't really know . " She is grappling with losing three members of her family . "  I 've been in a coal miner family , " she said . "  This is not the only one we 've lost . We 've lost younger ones , too . " Such losses are part of life in a West Virginia mining family , she said . "  It 's their living ; that 's how they make a living , " she said . "  That 's just West Virginia , and when something bad happens , we come together . "	Joshua Napper among 25 miners killed in explosion at West Virginia coal mine Mother Pam Napper says , "  I just think he knew what was going to happen " Pam Napper grapples with deaths of two other relatives -- her brother and nephew She says such losses are part of life in a West Virginia mining family
CNN  -- Has Gary Player found the secret to eternal life ? The 78-year-old completes 1,300 sit ups every day , follows a strict and mainly vegetarian diet and sleeps on average nine hours per night . During a remarkable competitive career spanning six decades , Player won nine majors and 165 tournaments , adopting a grueling fitness and a practice regime to help underpin his game . "  The more I practice the luckier I get , " was his most famous quote in reference to his unerring ability to hole shots from green side bunkers . Player 's forays on to a golf course are now confined to exhibitions -- "  Jack Nicklaus and I were 10-under for a better ball three weeks ago , " he says -- though he still regularly beats his age by several shots . "  I was 12-under par  18 holes in 66 shots  recently , " added the South African , who turns 79 in November . The day before this interview he 'd hit 100 practice shots , so it 's hardly surprising Player is still able to average about 70 shots per round , which is the mark he achieved during his professional career on the PGA then Seniors Tour , one of the best of all time . Nowadays Player is driven by a different mission . "  I have a passion to save lives , " he says , in reference to his desire to help confront the western world 's growing obesity and type 2 diabetes problem . "  Thirteen percent of the world is now obese , " Player told CNN ahead of the British Open , which starts on Thursday . "  We talk about wars , the number of people dying from diabetes and cancer and heart attacks -- in comparison to the numbers killed in wars are insignificant , but nobody cares about health or exercise . "  I do n't know why only one out of 20,000 people taka exercise and has a proper diet . How can governments allow it ? Golf 's "  Black Knight " -- a reference to his trademark all-black attire he wore on the fairways -- does n't expect the world to emulate his own punishing fitness regime , but he does have some simple tips to stay healthy . "  My advice to fellow menfolk is every day to take you wife by the hand and go for a brisk 30 minutes walk , or get yourself a dog , they demand to be exercised ! "  Secondly do n't go for all these fad diets , just eat half the portion of food that you originally dished up . It will change your life . " The golf icon 's foundation , run by his son Marc -- Player has six children and 22 grandchildren -- has raised over $ 50 million for underprivileged children in South Africa and around the globe . It aims to improve educational outcomes and Player is passionate that his message about health , fitness and diet reaches the younger audience globally . "  We are not teaching children in school , that 's a great frustration for me . " Player with Nicklaus and legendary American Arnold Palmer revolutionized golf in the early 1960s and under sports management guru Mark McCormack earned the label of the "  Big Three " as they dominated the majors and took the sport to a new television audience . Player had an unquenchable thirst for victory , racking up more air miles than any athlete in history as he competed in tournaments around the world . He is particularly proud of his nine ` senior ' majors -- in competitions for golfers aged over 50 -- helping to raise the standard and profile of the events as he battled it out with the likes of Palmer and Nicklaus again . Do n't dare tell Player that golf is n't a physically demanding sport . The South African recounts a story about basketball legend Michael Jordan , a low handicap golfer , telling him that 36 holes of golf in a day was pretty much as exhausting as playing in a match in the NBA Finals . A slight exaggeration perhaps , but judging by the number of nonagenarians who still inhabit the fairways the notion of Golf : "  A Game for Life " -- the title of Player 's latest instructional offering -- might not be too far amiss . In keeping with his reputation for supreme physical fitness there is a clip which shows him -- donned in black golf wear -- running at maximum speed on a treadmill -- to the astonishment of the accompanying interviewer . Watch : Player in incredible running demonstration It 's a breathless demonstration that men several decades younger would fail to emulate but does back up Player 's central theme about a healthy life . "  I tell you , walk 18 holes , it 's tremendous exercise and you can play golf for a lifetime , " he said . On the evidence of Player 's fitness -- a recent test showed he had a resting heart beat of 39 -- the South African will be gracing the fairways of golf courses for many years to come . But he clearly wants to leave a legacy stretching beyond his sporting fame . "  I said when I 'm a champion I 'm going to change people 's lives . "  On my epitaph I want it to read : ` Here was a man who contributed to society and saved lives . ' " So for now he continues his punishing schedule of travel to meet burgeoning business commitments , such as golf course design , real estate , a winery and farm , as well as work for his foundation , which runs four high profile tournaments each year . "  Show me a busy man and I 'll show you someone who gets things done . " That work ethic was engrained in him from an early age , with his mother dying when he was just eight and his father having to travel away to earn a living in gold mining . "  You must accept adversity with gratitude and never give up . You will overcome it , " said Player .	Gary Player won nine majors and nine senior majors in stellar career South African golfer renowned for his grueling fitness regime Travels world to preach health and fitness message Has a ` passion to save lives '
Curtis Reeves Jr. , the man charged with second-degree murder for fatally shooting a man inside a Florida movie theater in January , was released from a Florida jail on $ 150,000 bond Friday . Reeves had been held in the Pasco County jail without bond since he shot and killed 43-year-old Navy veteran Chad Oulson after a confrontation over Oulson 's text messaging inside a movie theater in the Tampa suburb of Wesley Chapel . An appeals court ruled Thursday that "  the record suggests no special circumstances or other factors that would justify a reasoned discretionary decision to deny pretrial release . " On Friday , Judge Pat Siracusa -- who wrote in his ruling that the court was "  hesitant to announce in open court ... the specific enumeration of reasons to deny bond , " -- adopted the appeals court ruling . Siracusa 's bond conditions stipulate that the 71-year-old Reeves is allowed to leave his home only to attend church , court dates , medical appointments , and to go to the grocery store . The former police officer must also "  surrender all firearms in his home to either the Pasco Sheriff 's Office or to his lawyer , Richard Escobar , " according to the order . Escobar said Reeves is "  a wonderful family man " and "  a church-going man " who is "  coming home to resume his life and help prepare his defense . " A spokesman for Oulson 's wife said the news was a "  difficult pill to swallow . " "  He ripped her family apart and now he can be home , be in his own bed , and see his children and grandchildren , " said T.J. Grimaldi , Nicole Oulson 's attorney . "  It is unbelievably unfair . " Heated argument escalated The hearing in February that resulted in Reeves initially being denied bond served almost as a mini-trial . Over 12 hours of testimony was heard over two days from witnesses who had also gone to see "  Lone Survivor " that day . One patron , Charles Cummings , testified he overheard Reeves and Oulson talking , and at one point , the latter said , "  I 'm just texting my 2-year-old daughter . " Soon after that , a "  very agitated " Reeves left the theater , then returned a few minutes later . At that point , a fairly calm Oulson asked aloud whether he could check a voice mail from his daughter 's babysitter , according to Mark Douglas Turner , a retired Air Force veteran . The situation devolved after more words were exchanged . Alan Hamilton , an off-duty Sumter County Sheriff 's corporal , said he heard Oulson say , "  I am trying to text my f**king daughter , if you do n't mind . " Popcorn flew in Reeves ' direction soon after . "  And almost immediately , " recalled Turner , who said Oulson threw the bag , "  the gun comes out and there are shots fired . " Escobar said Friday that Reeves "  used the law of self-defense to preserve his life just like every citizen has the right to do , " and described Oulson 's conduct in the theater as violent . But Grimaldi warned Friday that with Reeves back on the street , it could happen again . "  Reeves is an absolute danger to society , " said Grimaldi . "  He went from throwing popcorn in someone 's face to murdering someone . This could happen to someone else . " Witness describes shooting	Curtis Reeves Jr. was released on $ 150K bond Friday Reeves shot and killed Chad Oulson in January after an argument over text messaging Reeves ' lawyer says his client acted in self-defense Lawyer for Oulson 's wife calls it "  difficult pill to swallow "
CNN  -- A Somali Islamist militant movement on Monday claimed responsibility for a trio of bombings that killed at least 74 people Sunday at two venues in the Ugandan capital , Kampala , where crowds had gathered to watch the World Cup final . "  And the best of men have promised and they have delivered , " said an Arabic statement issued by Al-Shabaab 's press office and obtained by CNN . "  Blessed and exalted among men --  taking  full responsibility . ... We wage war against the 6,000 collaborators ; they have received their response . " The 6,000 is an apparent reference to African Union peacekeepers in Somalia . Uganda contributes troops to the peacekeeping effort . "  We are behind the attack because we are at war with them , " Al-Shabaab spokesman Ali Mohamoud Rage told reporters at a news conference in Mogadishu , Somalia . "  We had given warning to the Ugandans to refrain from their involvement in our country . We spoke to the leaders and we spoke to the people and they never listened to us . " Rage said young suicide bombers carried out the attacks but did not specify their nationalities . "  May Allah accept these martyrs who carried out the blessed operation and exploded themselves in the middle of the infidels , " he said . However , Police Chief Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura told reporters arrests have been made in connection with the bombings . He would not say how many people have been arrested or provide details . Earlier Monday , Sheikh Abu Al Zubeir , identified as "  the emir of Al-Shabaab in Somalia , " said in an Arabic website posting , "  My message to the Ugandan and Burundian nations is that you will be the target for our retribution to the massacres perpetrated against the Somali men , women and children in Mogadishu by your forces . " The statement was posted on an al Qaeda affiliated website that previously has carried statements and videos from Al-Shabaab . The website set up a page Monday to "  receive congratulations " on Al-Shabaab 's behalf for the "  blessed operations " in Uganda . Suspicion had centered on Somali Islamist groups shortly after the explosions in Kampala . Islamic militants battling Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government had previously threatened attacks on Uganda and Burundi . The U.N. Security Council said of the attacks in a statement Monday : "  The members of the Security Council reaffirm that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations is criminal and unjustifiable , regardless of its motivation , wherever , whenever and by whomsoever committed , and further reaffirm the need to combat by all means , in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations , threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts . " Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni declared a week of national mourning for victims of the bombings , beginning Tuesday , according to a government statement . All flags on public buildings will be lowered to half-staff during the mourning period , the statement said . Eighty-five people were injured in the Ugandan blasts , Kayihura told reporters . They were transferred from the national hospital to a privately owned hospital in Kampala , he said . U.S. officials said five Americans were among the wounded . "  This incident shows that it was terrorism , " he said . Kayihura said he could not confirm that Al-Shabaab was responsible , but said the nature of the explosives used were consistent with the group . Police are using forensics to analyze the explosives , he said , and will deliver a report in a day or two . The 74 fatalities included 28 Ugandans , one Irish citizen , one Indian , one American and 11 people who are either Ethiopian or Eritrean , according to the Ugandan government . "  If you want to fight , why do n't you attack soldiers or military installations instead of fighting innocent people watching football ? " said Museveni , who on Monday visited a rugby sports center where two of the blasts occurred Sunday . The blasts hit within 50 minutes of each other . The first one struck an Ethiopian restaurant in a neighborhood dotted with bars and popular among expatriates . Two others exploded at the rugby center . A senior Ugandan government official confirmed there were three bombs . The second one at the rugby club was the most severe , said the official , who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media due to the sensitivity of the situation . The U.S. Embassy confirmed the death of one American . An organization that works with children in Uganda identified him as Nate Henn . In a post on its website , the organization Invisible Children said Henn was in the country working with Ugandan students . CNN could not independently verify the information . "  Nate was not a glory-seeker and never sought the spotlight . He asked not to be made a hero of , " the post said . "  But the life he lived inspires reflection and imitation . " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said five other Americans were hospitalized , and that two of them "  have serious injuries requiring significant medical attention . " The State Department is assisting in their medical evacuation , he said . Mike Hammer , a spokesman for the U.S. National Security Council , said President Barack Obama is "  deeply saddened by the loss of life resulting from these deplorable and cowardly attacks . " Obama called Museveni on Monday morning and offered to provide support and assistance , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . "  I 'm told the FBI will assist in the investigation of the bombings . " Crowley said a three-person FBI team is on the ground collecting evidence , with another team standing by ready to assist . Two diplomatic security officers also were en route to Uganda . He added the State Department has no reason to doubt Al-Shabaab 's claim of responsibility , saying the "  evidence so far at the attack scene would suggest an Al-Shabaab connection . " Museveni said , "  We wish to condemn the criminality of these attacks . From a casual look at the scene , I 'm confident police will be able to reconstruct the crime scene . ... We shall go after them because we know where they come from . " The bombings , he said , show "  criminality and terrorism has always been hovering over us . " In a government statement , Somali President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said he "  condemns in the strongest terms the despicable terrorist acts that killed over 60 people in Kampala . " "  The fact that the victims were enjoying the World Cup reveals the evil and ugly nature of the perpetrators and the need to uproot from -LSB- the -RSB- region those who do not value the sanctity of human life , " the statement said . "  The president also denounces the fringe Al-Shabaab terrorist groups -LSB- that -RSB- rejoice of the carnage and stated that Somalia mourns with the brotherly people of Uganda . " Stone Atwine was watching the game at the rugby center when the blast occurred . "  It happened toward the 90th minute of the game ... this loud explosion , " he said . "  We did n't know what was happening , we were running around , scampering for safety . I saw dead guys still seated in their chairs with blood . " Atwine said a second explosion struck the venue seconds later , knocking out power . "  At that point , we ran off . My friends and I ran into the car and drove off . " Relatives flocked to hospitals and mortuaries to look for loved ones Monday . "  I was watching the game with my brother at the rugby center , " said Ian Lule , who was among a group gathered at a city hospital . "  The blast left him unconscious . I do n't know how he is . " In the capital , crowds huddled around newspapers , talking in hushed tones . "  Everyone is shocked , everyone is talking about it , " said Mark Keith Muhumuza , who was watching the game at a stadium near the rubgy center explosion . "  We were in panic mode at the stadium because we thought we would be attacked next . " Muhumuza said when the game ended , he went to the rugby center . "  People were wailing , some were trying to find their relatives , others were trying to run away from the scene . " "  You can never stop attacks in the world , " said FIFA President Sepp Blatter . "  During the World Cup , the world should have been touched by the emotions of football . I 'm very sad and I was very touched . " "  I deplore what has happened and look forward to the good that football can bring to our world . " The sites of the bombings remained cordoned off as authorities intensified security in the east African nation . Police and military forces patrolled the capital . Some of the injured at the restaurant included six members of an American church mission working with a local congregation , according to the Rev. Kathleen Kind , pastor of Christ Community United Methodist Church in Selinsgrove , Pennsylvania . All the church members were accounted for and families had been contacted , Kind said . Their injuries ranged from broken bones and flesh wounds to temporary blindness and hearing problems , she said . Kayihura said the bombings could have been avoided if the two venues had used security measures such as metal detectors and guards . The African Union summit is scheduled to be held in Kampala next week . CNN 's Faith Karimi and journalists Samson Ntale , Mohamed Amiin Adow , Naisenya Leposo and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	Eighty-five people wounded in blasts , including five Americans Somali Islamist militant spokesman says Uganda had been warned Ugandan president declares week of mourning for victims Death toll from Uganda bombings at 74 , including one American
CNN  -- As fast as Charlie Sheen fell from Hollywood 's good graces at the start of 2011 , he made his comeback even faster . Thanks in large part to his public apology at the 63rd Emmy Awards , Sheen will welcome the new year with a clean slate -- and a new TV show slated to premiere next summer . But it was n't tiger blood that allowed the self-proclaimed warlock to turn his life around so quickly . It was the magic of celebrity . The entertainment industry is always quick to forgive celebrities , said Eileen Koch , owner of Eileen Koch and Co. public relations firm in Los Angeles . Once celebrities own up to their wrongdoings and apologize , Koch said , it 's easy for them to get back on track -- often with help from a skilled team of handlers and image consultants . Fellow comeback kid David Arquette can attest . After separating from Courteney Cox in October 2010 , and sharing TMI on Howard Stern 's Sirius radio show , Arquette checked himself into a live-in rehab facility at the beginning of the year . In April , the same month "  Scream 4 " hit theaters , the actor appeared on "  The Tonight Show " to celebrate 100 days of sobriety . And with a spot on the 13th season of "  Dancing With the Stars , " Arquette was back in business . One reason it 's so easy for celebrities to bounce back from scandal or personal issues is because when they hit rock bottom , they 're doing it with money and connections to boot , Hollywood image consultant Michael Sands said . And as nice as disposable income can be during a crisis , their connections should n't be discounted . Arquette would n't have rebounded so quickly if he had n't been in the public eye each week on "  Dancing With the Stars , " Koch said . With Cox and their daughter , Coco , in the audience supporting him , viewers saw a wonderful family image . "  Even I fell in love with him through that show , " she added . But without a willing client , Koch said , such connections are irrelevant . Stan Rosenfield , Sheen 's ex-publicist , might agree . Rosenfield resigned in February after representing Sheen for about seven years -- through the actor 's dismissal from "  Two and a Half Men . " Sheen obviously was n't cooperative for a while , Koch said , referring to the actor 's media outbursts , including a "  no-holds-barred " live interview with TMZ in which Sheen ripped into his "  Two and a Half Men " bosses and talked about one day sharing his "  epic " drug stories with his children . But once celebrities apologize and man up to what they 've done , Koch said , the industry is usually quick to forgive . And when that happens , the fans will follow suit . Chris Brown has certainly benefited from this cycle as well . The singer , who pleaded guilty to assaulting then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009 , surprised viewers with a high-energy performance at the MTV Music Video Awards in August . Koch said it 's much easier for a self-destructive celebrity to rebound than it is for someone such as Brown , but "  the music industry has forgiven him now . So  his fans  are starting to . " Of course , this year has n't been all steps in the right direction for Brown . He raised his voice and stormed off the "  Good Morning America " set in March after being asked about the Rihanna assault . By being respectful , apologizing and focusing on his work , Brown has slowly started to rise above his problems , publicists agree . Brown did what celebrities should do when plagued by scandal -- focus on the work , said Samantha von Sperling , director at Polished Social Image Consultants . Brown 's album "  Graffiti , " released in 2009 , received mostly negative reviews from critics . "  F.A.M.E. , " however , was met with praise -- debuting at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart in March . Britney Spears was also due for a turnabout this year -- having been on the mend since her public meltdown in 2007 . The pop princess released "  Femme Fatale , " her sixth chart-topping album , in March . She received the MTV Video Vanguard Award at the VMAs in August . And she confirmed her engagement to her former manager , Jason Trawick , on December 16 . The media was quick to acknowledge Spears ' comeback . In a post about her March appearance on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live , " the Los Angeles Times said , "  Whoever 's managing Britney Spears these days is doing a pretty great job . " Koch said , "  I love Britney . She did n't do anything wrong . She got sick . People were very mean to her and they should n't have been . ... I do n't worry about her anymore . She got it together , and she has a strong team behind her . " At that level of celebrity , Koch added , a star 's team is everything . "  They can block a lot of stress for you . Tell you why you should n't pay attention to this or that . ... The average person does n't have that kind of support . " Now at 30 , Spears finally seems to have her life back on track , which von Sperling said makes her a good example for one of 2011 's most notorious celebrities : Lindsay Lohan . But things may be looking up for the tabloid-prone Lohan . Already on probation for two 2007 drunken-driving convictions , Lohan is required to complete community service after being sentenced in May in the theft of a necklace . On December 14 , a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge praised the 25-year-old for complying with her probation requirements . Moreover , Lohan 's Playboy pictorial "  is breaking sales records , " Hugh Hefner tweeted on December 18 . "  Lohan is  not a diplomat , " von Sperling said . "  She 's a blond bombshell movie star , so a Playboy cover makes sense . ... But she needs to do another film . And for her sake , it better be a good one ... not some bubblegum crap . " Like Spears , von Sperling said Lohan has time on her side . The industry is less likely to forgive older celebrities , Koch agreed , adding that celebrities should be able to pull it together by their late 20s . And then there 's Sheen , she joked . "  Instead of doing a one-man rant directed by nobody , " von Sperling said , "  Sheen  should assemble a team of brilliant comedy writers ... pay them their weight in gold and produce a film . " But his FX comedy , "  Anger Management , " to air in the summer , may be close enough for now . And while some people call Sheen 's "  Violent Torpedo of Truth " tour and public outbursts a fiasco , others are dubbing it a genius marketing ploy . "  Sheen has  had his problems , " image consultant Sands said . "  But I think he got it right this whole year . He created a great persona and a great character , and I think this was a great act on his part . " Regardless of how people choose to read into Sheen 's tumultuous year , it would appear he 's on his way back to the top . "  We 're all rooting for Charlie , " von Sperling said . "  Every time we turn on ` Two and a Half Men ' I think we miss him . Because , as charming as Ashton Kutcher is , he 's not Charlie Sheen . "	After an apology at the Emmys , Charlie Sheen welcomes 2012 with a clean slate The entertainment industry is always quick to forgive celebrities , publicist says David Arquette rebounded with help from rehab and "  Dancing With the Stars " appearance Lindsay Lohan should follow example of Britney Spears , image consultant says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Lee DeWyze , a paint salesman from Chicago , Illinois , was announced the winner of Fox 's "  American Idol " on Wednesday night , edging out fellow 24-year-old Crystal Bowersox , a mother from Elliston , Ohio , affectionately known as "  MamaSox " to her fans.a After host Ryan Seacrest revealed him as the winner , an emotional DeWyze performed his rendition of U2 's "  Beautiful Day " while sparklers and confetti rained down from the rafters at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles . The finale also marked the end of Simon Cowell 's nine-season run on the show as the often-critical and sometimes foul-tempered head judge many contestants both feared and respected . Former "  Idol " judge Paula Abdul returned to the show to participate in the tribute to Cowell , along with many former winners , including Kelly Clarkson , Carrie Underwood , Ruben Studdard and Fantasia Barrino . The night also featured performances from Janet Jackson , Alanis Morrisette , Joe Cocker and Christina Aguilera . Cowell will be bringing his popular U.K. talent show , "  The X Factor , " to the United States in fall 2011 , according to Fox .	DeWyze beats Crystal Bowersox in season finale The show also is the last for judge Simon Cowell Former "  Idol " judge Paula Abdul joins tribute to Cowell Janet Jackson , Alanis Morrisette among performers on finale
London  CNN  -- Debate is rife in Australian political circles about whether carbon trading is the way forward for climate change abatement . Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . There , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is looking to introduce a mandatory carbon trading system by 2010 which will cap the amount of pollution industry can release . The proposed Australian system will be similar to the European Union emission trading system which was established in 2005 . With Phase 1 of the European system complete , there are a few lessons about carbon trading that Australia -- and other countries looking to go down this path -- could benefit from . So what is carbon trading ? Carbon trading -- also known as "  cap and trade " -- is a system designed to cut the carbon emissions which contribute to global warming . Generally in a market-based cap and trade system , a central authority -- such as a government or international body -- sets a limit on the amount of carbon which can be emitted and then divides this amount into units which are allocated to different groups . These units can then be traded as any commodity would . Carbon trading can occur both between countries and amongst industries within countries . A second approach to carbon trading involves a country or business generating carbon credits by investing in "  green " projects -- usually in developing countries -- that are said to reduce emissions . Why is it necessary ? According to the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  there is unequivocal evidence that human activities have contributed to a gradual warming of the planet which has resulted in a change in climate . The IPCC report provides scientific evidence of change including to the duration of seasons , rainfall patterns and an increased frequency of extreme weather events . Industrialization is recognized as a key factor in the increase in greenhouse gas  GHG  emissions in the atmosphere and according to the IPCC the world has warmed by an average of 0.74 C in the past 100 years . The IPCC predicts that if GHG emissions continue to rise at their current rate , this century will see a further 3 C rise in the average world temperature . While the consensus of the scientific community  via the IPCC  is that action must be taken to avert the worst impacts of climate change , economic arguments about the cost of climate change abatement -- advanced by countries like the U.S. and at one time Australia -- have in the past proved an impediment to action . A carbon trading system is said to be one way that countries can look to make greenhouse gas emissions cuts with minimal economic impact . Do you think carbon trading is the way to reduce greenhouse emissions ? What trading systems exist ? Established in 2005 , the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme  EU ETS  is the largest multi-national , multi-sector CO2 trading system in the world . The ultimate aim of the system is to ensure that EU Member States are compliant with their Kyoto Protocol commitments and to do this the most energy-intensive industries are allocated carbon permits by Member States which allow them to emit a certain amount of CO2 . If these companies want to emit more CO2 than their permits allow for , they are able to buy them from more efficient companies with spare permits . The EU ETS takes in around 12,000 installations which account for around 50 percent of EU greenhouse gas emissions from industries such as power , steel and cement manufacture . According the World Bank , the EU ETS contributed $ 50 billion of the $ 64 billion traded in the carbon market in 2007 . The second largest carbon trading system exists under the United Nations Kyoto Protocol . The Protocol -- which sets binding emission targets for 37 industrialized countries -- permits emissions trading in order to help countries meet their agreed upon targets . Countries have agreed to an average 5 percent cut in greenhouse gas emissions , compared to 1990 levels , by 2012 and carbon trading is one way to meet this quota . By December 2008 , the EU ETS will link up with the UN trading system to create a more global scheme . The Clean Development Mechanism is a further carbon trading mechanism of the Protocol which allows industrialized nations to claim emission credits from investment in clean technologies which will "  offset " carbon in developing countries . Developed nations can also finance emission reduction projects in developing countries through Joint Implementation in exchange for emission credits . New Zealand has established a mandatory carbon trading system this year and Australia has also committed to expanding the pioneering New South Wales Greenhouse Gas Reduction Scheme to a national market by 2010 . New mandatory systems are being considered for Japan and Canada . Voluntary carbon markets also exist , with the Chicago Climate Exchange one of the more established ones . What do permits cost ? The cost of a carbon permit is dictated by the market forces of supply and demand . In 2007 , one European Union Allocation  for one ton of carbon  was trading at $ 30 to $ 35 . What industries are subject to trading ? Under mandatory schemes like the EU ETS , it 's the most energy-intensive industries within Member States which are subject to carbon trading . This includes industries like power installations , steel and cement manufacture and the construction industry . The commercial aviation industry -- which accounts for 3 percent of EU emissions -- could be brought into the EU ETS by 2011 . Currently personal or household emissions and the public sector and transport industry emissions are not included in any carbon trading system . Has emissions trading been successful ? Yes and no . The introduction of mandatory systems which cap emissions like the EU ETS is a step in the right direction for trying to cut emissions without a major cost to business . However , critics such as Carbon Trade Watch argue that the current carbon trade systems are flawed because there is a tendency for the biggest polluters to be over-allocated permits . This was clearly evident with Phase 1 of the EU ETS when the market virtually collapsed in 2006 because too many allowances were allocated . Market analyst Franck Schuttellaar estimated that the United Kingdom 's most polluting companies made windfall profits of around $ 1.7 billion as a direct result of generous carbon credit allocation under the EU ETS . Questions have also been raised about whether carbon trading systems actually reduce GHG emissions . Independent UK think-tank Open Europe reported that between 2005 and 2006 emissions from industries covered by the ETS actually rose in UK by 3.6 percent and by 0.8 percent across the whole of Europe . Auctioning off carbon credits at the outset -- rather that simply allocating credits to business for free -- is one way that has been proposed to help the system make a real impact on emissions . Certainly , increasing the scarcity of carbon credits would help ensure that businesses commit to genuine low-carbon alternatives . While carbon emissions account for around 70 percent of greenhouse gases , they are not the sole cause of climate change and it would seem a safer bet to reinforce a carbon trading system with other legislative measures aimed at reducing emissions .	Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions Existing carbon trading systems have had limited impact on emissions to date The European experience serves as a good lesson for new trading systems
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Off a desert highway , about 15 miles from her home in the southern tip of Nevada , the mystery of Maureen Fields ' disappearance began with the discovery of her abandoned car . The body of Maureen Fields , seen here in June 2005 , has n't been found since she went missing in 2006 . Investigators found the 41-year-old woman 's 2004 green Hyundai just across the California border on February 16 , 2006 . It was one day after her husband , Paul Fields , said he last saw her . Investigators say they discovered Fields ' purse and wallet , the keys in the ignition and a fully reclined driver 's seat . There were slippers and eyeglasses beneath the gas pedal , religious pamphlets , a knotted pair of pantyhose as well as three bottles of prescription tranquilizers and pain killers . Watch an update on the case " A small spot of her blood and vomit stained a blanket strewn across the ground beside the car . But Fields , who 'd been working as a Wells Fargo bank teller in the small town of Pahrump , Nevada , has never been found . "  Just looking at the circumstances , it could appear staged " by whoever was responsible for her disappearance , said Detective Dave Boruchowitz , an investigator with the Nye County , Nevada , Sheriff 's Office . Reported inconsistencies in her 60-year-old husband 's story , police said , paired with the fact that the couple was described as having a stormy relationship , made Paul Fields the initial suspect . A lack of physical evidence , however , has made the case unprosecutable , said Detective Joe Close , also with the Nye County Sheriff 's Office . Paul Fields , who runs an auto business out of the double-wide trailer he and his wife shared , maintains his innocence . He 's speculated that she faked her death before running off with another man . A message left at his home was not returned . But his attorney , Harold Kuehn , said , "  His contention is and my belief is that if she 's truly dead , and the court says she is for civil purposes , then he did n't do it . ... What he told police is what he told me . Basically she left one day , never to be seen again . " In a new twist , Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett says an unknown male 's DNA was found on key items at the scene of the abandoned car . "  What we have to explore is the possibility of another suspect , " Beckett said . "  We have to find out who this male was and whose DNA was found at the scene . It 's a lot more complicated than one may think it is . " The prosecutor said he 's sure a jury would have reasonable doubt if presented a case with this question mark looming . "  We have a duty to make sure we 're doing the right thing , " he said . "  There are too many unanswered questions at this time . " Maureen Fields has been declared dead , and the search for her body , and her killer , continues . Her father , Jim Fitzgerald , has been doing some investigating of his own . The former detective with the Newark , New Jersey , Police Department -- and now a national director with the conservative John Birch Society -- has made repeated trips from his Randolph Township , New Jersey , home to speak with his daughter 's former friends and co-workers . He 's also consulted with a psychic in his search for clues . No matter when her body is found , a serial numbered metal jaw implant -- which served to combat Fields ' teeth grinding habit -- will stand as proof of her identity , Fitzgerald said . Since murder carries no statute of limitations , time is on the law 's side . "  The case is n't dead to us , " said Boruchowitz , one of the detectives still on the investigation . "  We 're going to continue to work it until we prove who did it . " Anyone with information about this case should call the Nye County Sheriff 's Office at 775-751-7000 .	Maureen Fields of southern Nevada was 41 when she went missing in 2006 Her abandoned car , with keys , purse and pill bottles , was found off a desert highway Presumed dead , there 's been no sign of her body and no evidence pointing to a killer Unknown male 's DNA , however , was recently discovered and may hold new clues
Kabul  CNN  -- The Taliban have accused the United States of killing tens of thousands of Afghans and brutally torturing others in a defiant statement marking the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks against the United States . The statement accuses the United States of using the September 11 attacks as a pretext for violence against Muslims . It says the Afghan people have "  an endless stamina for a long war " and could rise up as a nation "  to send the Americans to the dustbin of history . " "  It will remain a permanent stigma on the face of the Western democracy that America and her allies martyred tens of thousands of Muslims under the pretext of this ambiguous and murky event , " the statement says , referring to 9/11 . Children , old men , women and babies are among the victims of U.S.-led attacks in Afghanistan , which also destroy homes , villages and orchards "  under the unjustified name of war on terror , " the Taliban say . The statement comes as the United States remembers the events of 10 years ago and intelligence officials warn of a "  credible " threat of another attack on U.S. soil . U.S. and international forces have been battling the Taliban in Afghanistan for almost a decade , with the loss of almost 2,700 lives across the coalition , more than 1,700 of them American . Figures released by the United Nations mission in Afghanistan for the first six months of this year showed 1,462 civilians had died , with anti-government insurgents responsible for 80 % of the killings . While air strikes were the leading cause of civilian deaths at the hands of international forces , the majority of those who died as a result of insurgent action were killed by homemade explosive devices and suicide attacks , the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan report said . The U.S.-led bombing of Afghanistan began in October 2001 , within weeks of the attacks on New York and Washington D.C. , as American forces sought al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The Taliban were forced from government soon afterward but continue to lead the insurgency against NATO-led forces in Afghanistan . Taliban leaders granted bin Laden sanctuary in Afghanistan for several years , despite U.S. requests for his extradition over previous terror attacks , and declined to hand him over when he became the main suspect in the 9/11 attacks . The Taliban , Islamic fundamentalists who come mainly from Afghanistan 's Pashtun ethnic group , rose to power in Afghanistan in the 1990s after the Soviet withdrawal from the country . They gave bin Laden , exiled from his native Saudi Arabia , a safe haven in Afghanistan from 1996 and allowed his al Qaeda followers to live and set up training camps there . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	The Taliban accuse the U.S. of "  shedding the blood of tens of thousands " of Afghans The terror attacks of September 11 are a murky pretext for the violence , they say The Afghan people have the stamina to fight on , the Taliban say U.S. and coalition forces have been battling the Taliban for almost a decade
CNN  -- Wearing red jail coveralls and grim expressions , two suspects who authorities believe are responsible for a string of church fires in east Texas appeared in court Monday . Jason Robert Bourque , 19 , and Daniel George McAllister , 21 , are charged with one count of arson each in connection with a fire set at Dover Baptist Church in Tyler , Texas , on February 8 . The blaze was one of 10 church fires in east Texas this year . Nine have been ruled arson . Authorities said Sunday they believe Bourque and McAllister are responsible for the deliberately set blazes . Steve McCraw , director of the Texas Department of Public Safety , told reporters the two are also suspects in attempted break-ins at three churches earlier this month . The single charge is a first-degree felony , punishable upon conviction by up to 99 years in prison , District Court Judge Christi Kennedy told McAllister on Monday . McAllister communicated with Kennedy mainly by nodding and shaking his head during the appearance Monday , but told her he and his family do not have money to hire an attorney . Kennedy appointed an attorney for him . Bourque gave soft answers to Kennedy 's questions . He appeared with an attorney and did not need one appointed for him . Kennedy continued the $ 10 million bond for both , who acknowledged they understood the charge against them . A federal law enforcement source told CNN that multiple pieces of evidence have been linked to one of the suspects through DNA , and that many of the fires were ignited the same way . Bourque and McAllister are former members of First Baptist Church in Ben Wheeler , Texas , church pastor Carlton Young told CNN affiliate KLTV . "  Daniel was a very quiet young man , " Young said . "  Jason , at that time , was a little mischievous . " He told KLTV that he lives next door to the church and several years ago , his wife spotted Bourque and McAllister going into the church one night after midnight . Both had backpacks on , he said . They went into a side door of the church and emerged about an hour later with lollipops in their mouths . Young said nothing was broken or taken and he did not think anything suspicious about the incident . David McAllister , Daniel 's father , also spoke to KLTV . He said his son was "  a good kid , " but his behavior began to change following the death of his mother about three years ago . "  In the last couple of weeks , I had that feeling that something was not quite right , " the elder McAllister told the station . He said he had even suspected his son might have something to do with the fires until authorities released sketches of three people earlier this month . The sketches , he said , did not resemble his son . KLTV reported that Bourque 's family declined to comment , saying only that the situation "  was in God 's hands . " Bourque occasionally attended youth Bible studies at Christ Central Church in Lindale , Texas , church member Austin Johnson told KLTV . He said Bourque was "  brilliant " and "  very kind " and was very knowledgeable about the Bible . "  Expecting him to do something like this would have never crossed my mind , " Johnson said . Investigators first became aware of the suspects about two weeks ago , and had been trying since then to build a case against them , said Thomas Crowley , special agent for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . A call from a tip hotline led to the arrests , the bureau has said . Crowley had no information on a possible motive , but said authorities have been interviewing the two since their arrest .	Jason Robert Bourque and Daniel George McAllister face 99 years Pastor of church they attended tells KLTV one was quiet , the other "  mischievous " Call to a tip hot line led to the arrests , ATF says Two men charged with arson in connection with one Texas church fire
CNN  -- The average temperature in Bloomington , Minnesota , in January was 6.4 degrees Fahrenheit . But that did n't stop Adam Frey from grilling outdoors and burning through 80 pounds of charcoal during the month . Leroy and Judy McMillin of Spring , Texas , own three Big Green Eggs and built an outdoor kitchen to house them . Frey received a Big Green Egg -- a ceramic cooker that serves as a smoker , grill and oven -- for Christmas last year . Since then , he has devotedly grilled six or seven days a week . "  Extreme cold is n't an issue as long as you dress warm , " Frey said . "  I have and will continue to cook out every day if possible . " The oval-shaped grill has amassed a cult-like following since it was born in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1974 . Fans of the grill call themselves Eggheads . Tell us about your grill of choice Frey began grilling more than 20 years ago but got his first Egg in 2008 . "  It changed everything , " he said . He now owns two Eggs and calls himself a "  grill junkie . " "  When you find yourself waking up , thinking about what you 're going to grill that night , you 're pretty addicted , " Frey said . iReport.com : See photos of Frey 's grilled meals With a hefty price tag and weight -- some Eggs cost up to $ 900 and weigh more than 200 pounds -- the uninitiated may question whether the cookers are worth it . Eggheads , though , are quick to spread the gospel . Frey , who shared his story on iReport.com as part of CNN 's "  grill masters " assignment , was n't the only one to express devotion to the ceramic cooker . Other iReporters shared photos , videos and stories about their egg-centricity . "  I am an Egghead . They should pay me , because I constantly encourage people to buy one , " joked Brad Cates . Cates , an insurance and financial consultant in Ocean Springs , Mississippi , raves about the ease of heat control and versatility of his Egg . Fueled by charcoal , the Big Green Egg can reach up to 750 degrees Fahrenheit to sear a steak within minutes or cook a slow and low brisket for hours . "  It is better than any other grill or smoker I 've had , " Cates said . "  I 've had numerous gas grills , and there is absolutely no comparison there . " Cates tends to "  cook in spurts , " firing up the grill for two or three days some weeks . Ribs , covered in his secret homemade rub , are his specialty . "  I try to do at least three racks at a time , and they are gone within minutes , " he said . Thanks to Cates ' enthusiasm , co-worker John Lindsey decided to purchase a Big Green Egg . Now he , too , raves about it . "  The grill is like no other , " Lindsey boasted . "  I have owned all types of grills , from the tiny charcoal grill to the giant stainless steel gas grills . But the BGE is by far my favorite . " Lindsey , 34 , grills three or four times a week . His specialty is "  pork in general " ; baby back ribs , pork tenderloin and pulled pork are some of his favorite dishes . He owns an XL Egg , which , according to the manufacturer , can cook 24 burgers , 12 steaks or 11 whole chickens at a time . iReport.com : See some XL Egg creations More than a million Eggs have been sold since the company began , spokeswoman Donna Myers said . "  Word of mouth literally made the Egg what it is today , " Myers said . She noted that BGE founder Ed Fisher began the company with little advertising revenue . "  For many years , these devoted Eggheads became the company 's primary sales force , " Myers said . Perhaps the biggest Eggheads in the iReport community are Leroy and Judy McMillin of Spring , Texas . The couple owns three Eggs and built an outdoor kitchen to house them . "  I think it 's easy to see that we love our Eggs , " Leroy McMillin said . McMillin bought his first Egg , which he calls Lily , in 1999 . He has two smaller versions -- named Shirley and Maggie -- that he purchased in 2006 and 2007 , respectively . His three ovoid "  girls " are housed in their own hand-built outdoor kitchen called "  The Coop , " complete with a sink , mini refrigerator , countless chicken decorations and a red light to indicate when the grills are in use . McMillin and his wife keep the chicken/egg theme going by referring to themselves as "  Spring Chicken " and "  Spring Hen . " iReport.com : Take a video tour of "  The Coop " McMillin , 68 , is retired and considers himself one of the elder Egg enthusiasts . "  There are a few Eggheads older than me and a whole bunch younger than me , " he said . "  I envy their enthusiasm and creativity . They seem to want to take ` Egg 'n' to the next level . " The McMillins recently attended a nearby Big Green Egg demonstration and cookout . Leroy , wearing his "  I 'm an Egghead " shirt , proselytized to potential buyers . "  We just wanted to pass on to any prospective Eggheads how enjoyable cooking on the Egg can be , " McMillin explained . In fact , he says , many friends have purchased their own green grill , thanks to his encouragement . The couple is headed to Atlanta in October for the annual EGGtoberfest , an annual event where more than 1,000 Eggheads converge to share recipes , meet fellow fanatics and purchase additional Eggs . McMillin says he enjoys both barbecuing and grilling and uses his Eggs , on average , six times a week . His wife , Judy , joins in the action , too . "  We both enjoy the ` Eggsperience ' together , " McMillin said . "  Cooking has n't been a chore since we got our first Egg . "	Big Green Egg fanatics call themselves "  Eggheads , " spread the gospel Adam Frey grilled outdoors everyday in six degree weather Leroy McMillin built a "  coop " for his three Eggs iReport.com : Are you a grill master ? Show us your custom grills
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed a wide-ranging gun bill into law Wednesday that has critics howling and proponents applauding . House Bill 60 , or the Safe Carry Protection Act of 2014 -- which opponents have nicknamed the "  guns everywhere bill " -- specifies where Georgia residents can carry weapons . Included are provisions that allow residents who have concealed carry permits to take guns into some bars , churches , school zones , government buildings and certain parts of airports . GeorgiaCarry , which lobbied for the bill , calls it "  meaningful pro-gun legislation , " despite it being watered down from the group 's perspective . Still , the group has lauded the legislation , which will go into effect July 1 . Americans for Responsible Solutions opposed the bill , calling it "  extremism in action . " Wednesday 's signing came at an open-air picnic area along a creek in Ellijay , in northern Georgia . It opened with a prayer , the singing of the national anthem and a recital of the Pledge of Allegiance . Hundreds of people filled more than 25 picnic tables , while others stood . Many were openly carrying handguns , and some wore National Rifle Association hats and buttons proclaiming , "  Stop Gun Control " and "  Guns Save Lives . " The bill , which easily navigated the state Legislature -- by a 112-58 vote in the House and a 37-18 tally in the Senate -- also earned the support of Democratic state Sen. Jason Carter , the grandson of ex-President Jimmy Carter and a 2014 gubernatorial candidate . Calling it "  a great day to reaffirm our liberties , " Deal said the law allows residents to protect their families and expands the list of places where they can legally carry firearms , while allowing certain property owners , namely churches and bars , to make judgments on whether they want worshippers and patrons carrying guns . "  The Second Amendment should never be an afterthought . It should be at the forefront of our minds , " Deal said while touting his NRA endorsement for governor and "  A " rating during his 17 years in Congress . The governor said the law "  will protect the constitutional rights of Georgians who have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia Weapons Carry License . "  Roughly 500,000 Georgia citizens have a permit of this kind , which is approximately 5 percent of our population . License holders have passed background checks and are in good standing with the law . This law gives added protections to those who have played by the rules -- and who can protect themselves and others from those who do n't play by the rules . " Americans for Responsible Solutions opposed the original bill that GeorgiaCarry pushed for , and while the group is pleased that the version Deal signed Wednesday does n't allow guns on college campuses or in churches , except in certain cases , it feels the legislation "  takes Georgia out of the mainstream . " "  Among its many extreme provisions , it allows guns in TSA lines at the country 's busiest airport , forces community school boards into bitter , divisive debates about whether they should allow guns in their children 's classrooms , and broadens the conceal carry eligibility to people who have previously committed crimes with guns , " said Pia Carusone , the group 's senior adviser . "  So it is no surprise that while being trumpeted by the NRA as the ` most comprehensive ' gun bill in state history , the legislation ... was opposed by Georgia law enforcement , county commissioners , municipal leaders , and the Transportation Security Administration for its potentially harmful impact on Georgians ' safety . " While the bill says no one is allowed to carry a firearm past an airport 's security screening checkpoint , it allows guns in other areas , including "  an airport drive , general parking area , walkway , or shops and areas of the terminal that are outside the screening checkpoint . " TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein would not say how the law might affect its agents at Georgia airports , particularly Atlanta 's , the world 's busiest , but he said , "  Individuals who bring firearms to security checkpoints are referred to law enforcement and are subject to criminal penalties . However , TSA has the ability to impose a civil penalty . " Another provision of the new law allows firearms into any government building that is open for business and does n't have security personnel restricting access or screening visitors . Some critics have said it was hypocritical to allow guns in so many places but not the state Capitol . Deal addressed that perception in a question from reporters , saying the Capitol fell under a wider statewide provision that affects many government buildings , and it 's "  a uniform carved-out area all across our state . " The law also allows Georgians to carry guns into bars and churches as long as the property owner has n't banned them . Anyone bringing a gun into a church that prohibits them wo n't be arrested but could pay a fine up to $ 100 , the law says . New York church to give away AR-15 semi-automatic rifle One church that wo n't be allowing parishioners to carry weapons is Atlanta 's historic Ebenezer Baptist Church , which remembers well the 1974 shooting deaths of a deacon and Alberta Williams King , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's mother , in its sanctuary . The Rev. Raphael Warnock , the church 's senior pastor , said a deranged man who had access to guns but not health care was behind that shooting , a circumstance that still resonates today . The shooting would have been even more tragic "  had everyone been packing that day , " Warnock said . "  The message of today 's bill signing is very clear : Our politicians , tragically , are owned by the gun lobby , " he said . "  No one asked for this bill but the gun lobby , and still , we 're here . ... We will remind them in November that they work for the people . " Most churches throughout the state are focused on social issues , such as better health care and education , Warnock said . "  I do n't know of a single pastor in the state of Georgia who has been lobbying to have guns brought into their churches , " he said . "  When we say pass the peace , we mean P-E-A-C-E , not the P-I-E-C-E . " The law will also allow the carrying of firearms by any "  duly authorized official of a public or private elementary or secondary school or a public or private technical school , vocational school , college , university , or other institution of post-secondary education or a local board of education . " Deal also touted how HB60 would allow soldiers to obtain a carry license at age 18 if they 've completed basic training and are either actively serving or have been honorably discharged . "  If they 're old enough to hold a gun in defense of our liberties , then they 're old enough to hold a gun , and they should n't have to wait until they 're 21 . " Other notable provisions of the law allow hunters to use silencers and suppressors when the owner of the property where they 're hunting is aware they 're using such a device ; permit gun owners who have had their licenses revoked to apply for a new license after three years ; restrict access for anyone whom a court has deemed mentally incompetent or insane , or anyone involuntary committed to a mental institution ; and forbid police officers who see a resident carrying a gun to ask for their permit unless they 're committing a crime . Opinion : We will fight the NRA with common sense	Pastor says he will not allow guns in Atlanta church , blasts politicians behind bill Hundreds attended Deal 's signing ceremony , some openly carrying handguns Law will allow Georgians to carry guns into some bars , churches and government buildings Critics say law takes state "  out of mainstream , " while proponents call it "  meaningful "
CNN  -- Iran has recalled a diplomat from Brazil amid allegations he sexually abused children at a swimming pool , state media in Brazil reported . The case will be "  seriously considered , " Ramin Mehmanparast , a spokesman for the Iranian foreign affairs ministry , said Tuesday , according to Agencia Brasil . The 51-year-old diplomat allegedly fondled the genitals of boys and girls -- ages 9 to 14 -- on April 14 at Neighborhood Social Club No. 1 in the capital , Brasilia , the news agency said . It was not immediately known in what capacity the man worked at the Iranian embassy in Brazil . As the children reported the alleged sexual assaults that took place during a birthday party , angry parents confronted the diplomat , with at least one parent assaulting him , CNN affiliate G1 reported . "  When the staff discovered it was a case of pedophilia they wanted to kill him , " the father of a 14-year-old girl said , according to G1 . "  If the club had not deployed those security guards , today you would be interviewing me to speak of a murder or lynching . " The alleged events were reported to a local military police station , which responded to the scene , a statement from the social club said . The diplomat had been a member of the club for about a year at the time of the alleged assaults . His membership has since been suspended , the social club said . Iran 's promise to investigate the allegations is a change in position after initially calling the incident a "  misunderstanding arising from differences in cultural behavior " and a result of media bias , a statement from the Iranian embassy in Brazil said . At the time , Brazilian Foreign Minister Antonio Patriota pressed Iran for additional information . "  We would like a clarification from the embassy regarding the very worrying accusations , " Patriota said , according to Agencia Brasil . "  We hope to get to the bottom of the facts and from there decide what measure to take . " Iran and Brazil have enjoyed largely amicable relations for more than a century . Iran also has worked to strengthen ties with Venezuela , Ecuador , Bolivia and Cuba . It has opened six embassies in the region since 2005 . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report	Allegations were originally chalked up to cultural differences . The alleged sexual assaults took place at a swimming pool The children are ages 9-14 Iran has been trying to strengthen relations in Latin America
Mashable  -- Former U.S. President George W. Bush 's book tour will stop at Facebook 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California , on Monday , with the social networking site announcing a "  Facebook Live " event for 5 p.m. ET / 2 p.m. PT . Bush has been making the media rounds over the past several weeks , appearing on "  The Today Show , " "  Oprah " and "  The Tonight Show , " among other programs , to talk about his memoir "  Decision Points . " Like other Facebook Live events , users will have an opportunity to ask Bush questions , though at this point it 's unclear how the event will be moderated or who will be asking user 's questions . While this will be the first appearance of Bush  or any President  on Facebook Live , the 43rd President has been on the site since June , when he setup a Facebook page . The page currently has more than 600,000 fans and is being used to promote the book and Bush 's various media appearances .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook announcing a "  Facebook Live " event for 5 p.m. ET / 2 p.m. PT Bush has been making the media rounds to talk about his memoir This will be the first appearance of any president on Facebook Live
CNN  -- Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author Thomas Friedman is never short of a word or two . Thomas L. Friedman : "  Incredible opportunities masquerading as insoluble problems . " The celebrated commentator occupies a position in his profession that many of his contemporaries would rival . He gets to go where he wants , when he wants and write about what he thinks , or as he puts it : "  I get to be a tourist with an attitude . " Officially , he 's The New York Times ' foreign affairs columnist -- a position he 's held since 1995 -- as well as the author of five books . Through his syndicated column his opinion has become a recognizable American voice on the international stage , and with it has come a sense of responsibility . "  I agonize over every column . Precisely because I know it is going to be read by a lot of people and it 's going to be in Google forever , " he told CNN . "  So there is that sense of responsibility , but at the same time you do have to take the attitude of ` This is what I think . This is why I think it . ' I 'm not in a popularity contest . " Before his current position , Friedman served in various posts at the New York Times , including chief economic correspondent , chief White House correspondent and bureau chief in Beirut and Israel . His reporting from Lebanon in 1983 and work in Israel in 1988 won him Pulitzer Prizes for international reporting . Taking in the world provides never-ending fascination , he says . "  I have the best job in the world , I mean , somebody has to have it . " He 's recently trained his eye on how America can reassert itself by leading the way in green technology , encapsulated in his latest book "  Hot , flat and crowded . " As he admits , the environmental aspect is not the point of the book ; really it 's a treatise on how America "  lost its groove and why we need to get it back by taking the lead in the energy revolution . " One man who will need to take a pivotal role is the incoming U.S. president , Barack Obama , Friedman says . "  I have a lot of high hopes for him . I think we are very lucky to have someone with his raw material as the next president . I think he brings together several things that we have n't had , " Friedman told CNN . Whether Obama can solve the raft of problems he faces is another matter . "  Is he ready to be as radical as the moment ? Really have the courage of our crisis ? At the end of the day it 's gon na be Barack Obama and  Chinese President  Hu Jintao . We 're not going to get out of this without cooperating and working closely with China , " Friedman said . While presenting a view from the United States , Friedman is still able to do a mea culpa on America 's behalf when it comes to the current economic crisis . "  We were in the middle of a huge credit bubble which in its own way was a Ponzi scheme . We gave the world financial SARs . We just spread it around the world . " An optimist by nature -- "  I do live by the motto that pessimists are usually right , but all the great change in history was done by optimists " -- he 's sanguine when it comes to the planet in the current climate of economic depression and environmental urgency . "  What I 'm basically arguing is that you can look at the world today that is hot , flat , and crowded and you can have one of two reactions . One reaction is to say ` We 're cooked , let 's party , ' " he said . "  That 's not the way I 'd look at it . I 'd look at it the way John Gardner , the founder of Common Cause , once described . I look at these problems that come from hot , flat and crowded and what I see are incredible opportunities masquerading as insoluble problems . "	Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist and author : "  I 'm not in a popularity contest " On U.S. and global economic situation : "  We gave the world financial SARS " On Barack Obama : ` Is he ready to be as radical as the moment ? '
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Georgia to learn about the toll military service is taking on two veterans . Chris Tucker , who served three tours in Iraq , suffers from hearing , back , foot problems and still has nightmares . SAVANNAH , Georgia  CNN  -- As his tank rolled into Baghdad in April 2003 , Chris Tucker mounted his camera to capture the moment . "  It 's history ; we made history , " he told CNN back then . "  It 's my first war , hopefully my last war . " He could not have imagined then that six years later , Iraq would still be a combat zone . "  I thought we would get there quick and handle our business and we 'd be out , " Tucker told us this week . "  At least , that 's what we were told anyway . " Tucker received a medical discharge from the Army last year and he now is Officer Chris Tucker of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department . "  You still get to serve your community and your country in other ways , " he said . At age 26 , he is a veteran of three combat tours . The patrol skills he learned on the streets of Baghdad , Fallujah and Sadr City come in handy as he drives his police cruiser around the neighborhoods of his Savannah precinct . "  Some people -- you will be moving around the corner and they will just run , " Tucker said as he drove his cruiser . "  And you can tell they are favoring one side -- maybe they have a gun . " He loves his new job , and the joys of fatherhood . His daughter Callie was born three months ago . "  So my life is slowing down , " Tucker said . "  But I enjoy the slow pace . " But he has n't left it all behind . As the war hits the six-year mark , Tucker is part of a history -- and a legacy -- still being written as the military tries to better understand the depth of the damage to those exposed repeatedly to the violence . "  I still have the nightmares and wake up and find myself downstairs and I do n't know how I got there , " Tucker said . "  I still see and dream the same things . ... Faces . Kids ' faces . People that you have engaged or you have had contact with . ... You see your colleagues blown up . Things like that . " He left the Army with a sour taste . He was sent back for his third tour despite the nightmares , depression , major hearing loss and painful injuries to his back and both feet . Then , the Army decided to give him a medical discharge for his back issues even though Tucker believes he could have recovered with rehabilitation . But he tries not to dwell on his frustration . "  I try to distance myself from it as much as I can , because for me , the more I think about it , the more I reflect on what happened and what we did , the more I think the dreams and the nightmares actually come back . " Tucker is as tired of the Iraq war as anyone , but his experience tells him things can suddenly take a turn for the worse , and so he is skeptical of President Obama 's promise to get most combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010 . "  I think we are in too deep to pull out , " Tucker said . "  You ca n't just commit the way we committed and then say , ` OK , we are done . ' ... Politics should not be involved in the way the war is handled . " There will be no more tours for Tucker , but a colleague on the Savannah-Chatham force will soon deploy for his first Iraq tour , and is being ribbed around the precinct , by Tucker and others , as "  the grandpa going off to war . " Police Cpl. Randy Powell is 50 years old and became a grandfather just last week . Watch Tucker and Powell tell their stories " Powell served nearly 20 years ago in the Persian Gulf War , then in 1992 took an early retirement package when the Army was downsizing after the war . The deal required him to stay on what the military calls the IRR -- the Individual Ready Reserve -- but even as troops were sent to Afghanistan after 9/11 and then to Iraq for repeat combat tours , Powell heard nothing . Then last year , nearly 15 years after leaving the military , he was told to report to a local Reserve center . Another request came in January of this year . Both times , after some perfunctory paperwork , Powell was sent home . But when he returned home from work one day last month , an overnight letter from the Army had arrived with orders that he was being activated for an Iraq deployment . First , starting next month , he 'll have refresher training on radar systems at Fort Jackson in South Carolina . "  They 're kind of shocked , " Powell said of his family . But there are no complaints from Powell -- to the contrary . "  I still feel I am fully capable of being a soldier , " he told us outside at his police precinct . "  Once a soldier , always a soldier . I find that it 's an honor to serve within the military . I enjoyed the military while I was in . Kind of looking forward to getting back in the groove . "	Savannah police officer lives with physical , mental injuries from Iraq war Veteran is skeptical about plans to pull out of Iraq 50-year-old colleague on force is being called back into service He 's not complaining -- "  Once a soldier , always a soldier , " he says
CNN  -- It 's expected to be a monster of a movie this weekend , but what 's the buzz on "  Godzilla " ? Director Gareth Edwards ' film , starring Bryan Cranston , Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Ken Watanabe , has been eagerly anticipated by fans  some of whom still have n't gotten over the 1998 version with Matthew Broderick  , and critics are sounding off . The new "  Godzilla " focuses on an engineer  Cranston  determined to solve a yearslong mystery and his frustrated son  Taylor-Johnson  , who just wants his dad to let it go . And of course , there are monsters . Chris Nashawaty of Entertainment Weekly found that mix of stories to be disjointed , saying the film "  feels like two movies Scotch-taped together . " "  In one , Bryan Cranston plays a nuclear engineer with a tragic past who 's racing to expose the truth about a series of seismic anomalies , Aaron Taylor-Johnson is his estranged soldier son , and Ken Watanabe and Sally Hawkins are a pair of exposition-spouting scientists trying to keep straight faces while talking about electromagnetic pulses and mankind 's hubris , " he wrote . "  In the other , mammoth CG beasts knock the snot out of one another . Only one of these movies is any good . Thankfully , it 's the monster one . " Peter Travers of Rolling Stone seemed to agree . "  It would take an insomniac to wade through all these plot complications without dozing , " Travers wrote . "  The actors are top-tier , but they over-emote to sell a human drama that never rises above soap opera . Cranston deserves better than a script that confuses hysterics with breaking bad . " The New York Daily News ' Joe Neumaier said that "  60 years after he first stomped on Tokyo , the big green lizard has been given fresh scales for the rebooted ` Godzilla . ' Yet despite a few fiery breaths , there 's mostly hot air from a lot of serious actors slumming it . " Drew McWeeny of HitFix found much to praise in the scenes featuring the monster . "  For better or for worse , depending on how you like the end result , Edwards has made a film that stands apart from how pretty much anyone else would have handled this , and I like that he remembered how important ` awe ' is to something that hopes to be ` awesome , ' " McWeeny wrote . The Verge 's Bryan Bishop said that Edwards delivers as a director . "  Rather than reaching for the low-hanging fruit of wall-to-wall action , Edwards conjures up a mix of slowly escalating tension and visual-effects wizardry , " he wrote . "  The result may not be the monster movie some audiences are expecting , but it 's something better : a summer blockbuster that actually leaves you wanting more . " Speaking of wizardry , here are some fun facts about "  Godzilla " : The sound design team of Erik Aadahl and Ethan Van der Ryn used a Rolling Stones tour rig with a 100,000-watt speaker about the size of a city block that they then pumped the monster 's sounds through so they could capture recordings in cars , rooftops and other places to get the most realistic echo possible . But what you think you are hearing with that Godzilla roar may be deceiving . The roar is actually octaves beyond the human range of hearing , so the design duo used special Japanese microphones to slow the sound so it falls within audience 's hearing range .	Some complain that "  Godzilla " is disjointed One critic complains that the script forces the actors to "  over-emote " Another calls it "  a summer blockbuster that actually leaves you wanting more "
An attack by suspected ISIS militants on a border guard base near the Syrian border left at least 16 killed and four others seriously wounded according to Faleh al-Issawi , the deputy head of the Anbar provincial council in Iraq . The militants slaughtered the 16 border guards , including their commanding officer , in a surprise early morning attack on Monday , al-Issawi said . Four others are in critical condition , he said . The base attacked is near al-Waleed border crossing , the only crossing Iraq has with Syria that is still controlled by Iraqi forces . ISIS maintains control of almost all of Anbar -- Iraq 's largest province .	Suspected ISIS militants killed 16 Iraqi border guards , official says Official : Four others in critical condition Base is only one with Syria that is still controlled by Iraqi forces
CNN  -- Featuring more than five Oscar-nominated actors , "  New Year 's Eve " boasts a star-studded cast . But what happens when there seems to be more people on screen than there are in theaters ? Opening with a meager $ 13.7 million , "  New Year 's Eve " could cause studios to rethink the holiday-ensemble formula that worked so well for "  Valentine 's Day " in 2010 . In other words , do n't expect to see "  Labor Day " in theaters anytime soon , Variety managing editor Stuart Levine joked . But the idea of "  marquee loading , " as casting director David Rubin calls it , probably is n't to blame for "  New Year 's Eve 's " box office face plant . "  Marquee names represent somewhat of an insurance policy for the film 's investors , " said Rubin , who has cast ensemble films like "  Hairspray " and "  Romeo + Juliet . " "  No ensemble cast is successful past opening weekend unless the actors are well-chosen for their characters . " The focus of the film needs to be on storytelling , added Rubin , noting he has n't seen "  New Year 's Eve . " "  If casting large stars distracts from the telling of the story , it 's a bad idea . " Ramin Setoodeh , a senior writer at Newsweek and The Daily Beast , agreed . It seemed like actors were cast for celebrity rather than parts , he said . Some parts were just lazy , Setoodeh said , referencing the connection between Zac Efron and Sarah Jessica Parker 's characters . The pair played siblings in the film , despite their significant age difference . Appealing to different demographics with casting -- such as the way "  New Year 's Eve " featured Robert De Niro in addition to "  Glee 's " Lea Michele -- is a common strategy , Rubin said . But hitting different audiences should be a bonus , not a focus . "  It would be disingenuous of me to say we did n't have an eye toward hitting certain demographics of audiences  when casting ` Hairspray '  , " he said . "  But if we made choices purely based on demographics , without regard to storytelling , we 'd have a less successful film . " "  If it 's only a gimmick , its success is short lived , " Rubin said , adding , that if it 's done with thought , it 's a marketing bonus . The short stories might also have had a hand in "  New Year 's Eve " finishing its opening weekend more than $ 35 million short of its budget . "  Because of the division of screen time , you may end up giving none of  the actors  enough of a chance to register in their stories , " Rubin said . Since the film 's release , media outlets have dwelled on "  New Year 's Eve 's " unrealistic plot points , from Ashton Kutcher 's character sneaking into a secured space in Times Square to Katherine Heigl as a big-time caterer with poor knife skills . "  Valentine 's Day " might not have garnered critical acclaim , but it was at least likeable and charming , Setoodeh said . The romantic comedy , which hit theaters in February , raked in $ 56 million its opening weekend . But to be fair , "  Valentine 's Day " opened the weekend of February 14 , a day when couples and singles alike flock to the movie theater . "  It 's hard to get people excited about a movie about New Year 's , " Setoodeh said . However , other ensemble romantic comedies that did n't open on a holiday weekend , like 2003 's "  Love Actually " and 2009 's "  He 's Just Not That Into You , " were still able to benefit from ensemble casts . It will be interesting to see how "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting , " another flick with an all-star roster , performs when it hits theaters in May . Disappointing numbers aside , "  New Year 's Eve " did manage to edge out its competition . Jonah Hill 's "  The Sitter " finished the weekend with a mere $ 10 million . Still , winning at the box office does n't carry as much weight when a weekend only garners $ 73.2 million domestically , the worst total of 2011 , Entertainment Weekly noted . Before the box office numbers rolled in , Funny or Die put out a trailer for "  Christmas Day , " a parody of ensemble films like "  New Year 's Eve . " Slides reading , "  76 characters ... 41 plotlines ... trying to find love " flash between clips from various romantic comedies -- like "  Serendipity " and "  Love Happens . " The trailer closes with the tagline , "  Small plots . Big celebrities . " It 's not enough to feature a bunch of celebrities on a movie poster , Levine said . The story has to be good for a movie to do well in the long term .	"  New Year 's Eve " opens with a meager $ 13.7 million Its predecessor , "  Valentine 's Day " raked in $ 56 million its opening weekend in 2010 Casting director : Marquee loading is probably not to blame for the flick 's performance
CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Wednesday reinforced the nation 's belief in freedom and its constitutional traditions with a ruling that upheld my challenge to a section of the federal election campaign law that restricted citizens ' rights to express their views . That outcome , I believe , will become part of a successful attack on the numbing political status quo in Washington and encourage activists across the nation who have fresh ideas to improve how our government operates . I am grass-roots proof that citizens retain some influence and -- with determination -- can achieve positive change . I hardly suspected such an outcome in late 2011 when I launched my legal challenge . My target was the overall limits on an individual 's fully disclosed contributions to federal candidates , national political parties and political action committees . I did not challenge the specific contribution limits in each category . This case is not about limits on the amount of money you may contribute to an individual candidate . It is about your right to contribute that amount to as many candidates as you choose . Allowing individuals to donate to as many candidates as they wish would draw contributions away from PACs and bring money directly to candidates , giving underdog candidates a fair chance in the political arena . Like most Americans , I had little knowledge of these campaign laws -- including how the Washington insiders passed them , interpreted them and enforced them . I have spent my adult life as an electrical engineer in the Birmingham , Alabama , area where I grew up and eventually created a small business that has fewer than two dozen employees . I was too busy for politics until five years ago , at age 42 , when I joined many other Americans who were disenchanted by what they saw in Washington and decided to take action . Sally Kohn : With ruling , money talks even louder in politics The core belief that has driven my political activity and my legal challenge has been my full embrace of the First Amendment 's guarantee of free speech . During my political science course as a freshman at Georgia Tech University , I learned about the Supreme Court 's landmark 1976 decision that political activity was entitled to that protection . All the sitting justices joined , at least in part , that Buckley vs. Valeo ruling , which found that free and open debate -- including unlimited campaign expenditures -- is "  integral to the operation of the system of government established by our Constitution . " This week 's ruling by Chief Justice John Roberts restated many of those vital national values . Excessive campaign finance restrictions , he wrote , impermissibly inject the government "  into the debate over who should govern . " He pointedly added , "  And those who govern should be the last people to help decide who should govern . " It does n't take a political scientist to conclude that congressional incumbents have been the chief beneficiaries of these restrictions . Even with the overwhelming public unhappiness with Congress , they typically have re-election rates of roughly 95 % . A key factor is that the current system makes it much more difficult for challengers to raise money . In most cases , they simply lack the incumbents ' access to tap into Washington 's deep-pocketed special interests . This status quo , which has been created chiefly by the so-called political reformers , has had the perverse -- but seemingly intended -- effect of protecting incumbents in both parties , except for infrequent waves of voter disgust . My objective is to assist challengers in raising funds , and to encourage smarter political ideas . I clearly am not one of those special interests , nor am I one of the billionaires who have become political targets . Friends call me "  your neighbor Shaun . " With other activists , I believe that we can change our politics and draw it closer to our communities . Having become part of public life , I have learned that political conflict and rhetoric sometimes can be hard-ball . But I have made a point of fully respecting other players , even if they criticize me . My support of the First Amendment in this case helps extend those rights to everybody . With the Supreme Court 's encouragement , I hope the nation is prepared for a robust and wide-open public debate to address our problems .	Shaun McCutcheon sues to remove overall contribution limit for individuals Court strikes down contribution limit , saying donations are form of free speech McCutcheon : Limits had the effect of protecting incumbents , empowering special interests He says he wants to make it easier for challengers to raise funds and create change
CNN  -- African ministers and health experts are meeting in Ghana with one thing on their minds : how to stop the biggest ever outbreak of the Ebola virus from extending its deadly reach still further . The World Health Organization has warned that "  drastic action " is needed to halt the killer in its tracks . It reports there have been 759 cases , including 467 deaths , in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia as of June 30 . The outbreak began in March . This makes it the "  largest in terms of the number of cases and deaths as well as geographical spread , " said WHO . Not only is it uncontained , but this strain of the Ebola virus can kill up to 90 % of those infected . READ MORE : What you need to know about Ebola The scientist who first discovered the Ebola virus in the 1970s , Dr. Peter Piot , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the situation is "  unprecedented . " "  One , -LSB- this is -RSB- the first time in West Africa that we have such an outbreak , " he said . "  Secondly , it is the first time that three countries are involved . And thirdly it 's the first time that we have outbreaks in capitals , in capital cities . " The looming threat has brought together the health ministers of 11 African nations -- the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Ivory Coast , Liberia , Mali , Senegal , Sierra Leone and Uganda -- as well as health experts , Ebola survivors , and WHO representatives . Also present at the two-day summit in Accra , Ghana , are the representatives of airlines and mining companies , as well as donor nations helping to fund efforts to combat the virus . New cases of the virus continue to be reported . Between June 25 and 30 , 22 new cases of the virus were reported in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , WHO said . Of those , 14 died . Exposure to body fluids Ebola is a violent killer . The symptoms , at first , mimic the flu : headache , fever , fatigue . What comes next sounds like something out of a horror movie : significant diarrhea and vomiting , while the virus shuts off the blood 's ability to clot . As a result , patients often suffer internal and external hemorrhaging . Many die in an average of 10 days . People are traveling without realizing they 're carrying the deadly virus . It can take between two and 21 days after exposure for someone to feel sick . The good news is that Ebola is n't as easily spread as one may think . A patient is n't contagious -- meaning they ca n't spread the virus to other people -- until they are already showing symptoms . Then , the disease is transmitted by direct contact with the blood and body fluids of infected animals or people , according to WHO . In April , CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta traveled to Conakry , Guinea , to report on what was being done to treat patients and contain the outbreak . "  It took only moments to feel the impact of what was happening here , " Gupta wrote after landing in Conakry . "  There is a lot we know about Ebola , and it scares us almost as much as what we do n't know . " Fighting an epidemic Doctors Without Borders , also known as M  decins Sans Fronti  res , has been working to fight the epidemic since March . But it warned in a news release last week that a "  massive deployment of resources " is needed by West African nations and other organizations , saying it has reached the limit of what its teams can do . Ebola outbreaks usually are confined to remote areas , making the disease easier to contain . But this outbreak is different ; patients have been identified in 60 locations in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . "  The epidemic is out of control , " says Dr. Bart Janssens , MSF director of operations . "  With the appearance of new sites in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , there is a real risk of it spreading to other areas . " Officials believe the wide footprint of this outbreak is partly because of the proximity between the jungle where the virus was first identified and cities such as Conakry . The capital of Guinea has a population of 2 million and an international airport . Complicating matters , the countries hit hardest by the epidemic have major medical infrastructure challenges . There is also a real sense of mistrust toward health workers from communities . In Sierra Leone and Guinea , WHO has said that community members have thrown stones at health care workers trying to investigate the outbreak . MSF has treated 470 people , it said last week , of which 215 were confirmed cases . However , it is now "  having difficulty responding to the large number of new cases and locations , " it said . While public anxiety is high , the statement said , governments and civil society groups are doing too little to acknowledge the scale of the epidemic or educate people about how to stop the spread of the disease . Another organization helping victims is Samaritan 's Purse , an international Christian aid group . It has doctors in Monrovia , the capital of Liberia , and near the border with Guinea . Virus ` should be easy to stop ' There is no cure for Ebola , but in theory the disease should be easy to fight , Piot told CNN . "  You need really close contact to become infected . So just being on the bus with someone with Ebola , that 's not a problem . " Simple hygienic measures like washing with soap and water , not re-using syringes , and avoiding contact with infected corpses are sufficient to stop spread of the disease , Piot said . "  This is an epidemic of dysfunctional health systems , " he added . "  Fear of the virus , and the lack of trust in government , in the health system , is as bad as the actual virus . " CNN 's Mick Krever , Danielle Dellorto , Miriam Falco and Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	African health ministers and world experts gather in Ghana to discuss Ebola outbreak World Health Organization has warned that "  drastic action " is needed to halt the epidemic The outbreak is the largest in terms of number of deaths and geographical spread The virus , which kills up to 90 % of those infected , is spread through contact with body fluids
ArsTechnica  -- Some people still doubt the iPad 's chances for success , but current sales rates suggest that the device could rank among top consumer electronics categories within a year . As noted by Bernstein Research analyst Colin McGranahan , consumers are adopting the iPad faster than any other consumer electronics device , including the iPhone and the near-ubiquitous DVD player . "  The iPad did not seem destined to be a runaway product success straight out of the box , " said McGranahan in a recent note to investors , acknowledging the many criticisms about the iPad 's lack of certain features at launch . "  By any account , the iPad is a runaway success of unprecedented proportion . " The iPad 's current sales rate is approximately 4.5 million units per quarter , according to Bernstein . That tops the 1 million per quarter that the original iPhone sold at launch , and the 350,000 per quarter when DVD players first launched . If the current rate persists , the iPad could become a $ 9 billion per year business , blowing right past game consoles and cell phones to become the fourth largest consumer electronics category . That would put the iPad right behind TVs , smartphones and laptops . With numbers like these behind it , it 's no wonder that companies like Samsung and Research in Motion are rushing to score a piece of the touchscreen tablet market . With yet more competing products in the pipeline , Apple will have to work hard to translate its first-mover advantage into consistently stellar sales as it has done with the iPod and the iPhone . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Consumers are adopting the iPad faster than any other electronics device , an analyst says Sales rates surpass Apple 's iPhone and the near-ubiquitous DVD player The iPad 's current sales rate is approximately 4.5 million units per quarter , the analyst says
Washington  CNN  -- A majority of justices raised questions in oral arguments Wednesday about the federal Defense of Marriage Act , indicating the Supreme Court may strike down a key part of the law that denies legally married same-sex couples the same benefits provided to heterosexual spouses . A ruling is expected within three months on the constitutionality of the 1996 law that defines marriage for federal purposes as only between one man and one woman . Wednesday 's arguments concluded two days of presentations before the high court on one of the most prevalent social issues of this era -- the right of gay and lesbian couples to wed and receive the full benefits of law provided to heterosexual couples . Afterward , Edith "  Edie " Windsor , 83 , stood on the steps of the courthouse -- near the "  Equal Justice Under Law " slogan engraved above -- and proclaimed something she hid for decades before her challenge against the act known as DOMA . "  I am today an out lesbian , OK , who just sued the United States of America , which is kind of overwhelming for me , " she said . She had just watched almost two hours of oral arguments before the nation 's highest court on how she had to pay higher estate taxes than someone in a heterosexual marriage . Windsor tried to explain to reporters why she and her late spouse , Thea Spyer , married in New York when the law allowed it after decades together . 16 brave and humorous signs on same-sex marriage Marriage , she said , is "  a magic word , for anyone who does n't understand why we want it and why we need it . " "  We did win in the lower court , " Windsor added , then later predicted : "  I think it 's gon na be good . " Under DOMA , Social Security , pension and bankruptcy benefits , along with family medical leave protections and other federal provisions , do not apply to gay and lesbian couples legally married in states that recognize such unions . Windsor was forced to assume an estate tax bill much larger than heterosexual married couples would have to pay . Because her decades-long partner was a woman , the federal government did not recognize their same-sex marriage in legal terms , even though their home state of New York did . "  What kind of marriage is that ? " The court appeared divided along ideological lines during the arguments about whether DOMA is discriminatory and steps on state marriage laws for gays and lesbians . If legally married homosexuals were being denied more than 1,100 federal benefits , "  what kind of marriage is that ? " asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who said the discriminatory effect is "  pervasive . " "  What gives the federal government the right to define marriage ? " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor . The potential swing vote , Justice Anthony Kennedy , also questioned the reach of DOMA , saying it presents a "  real risk of running into traditional state police power to regulate marriage . " Kennedy 's point caused court observers to speculate he would join the four normally liberal-leaning justices to create a majority against the act . On the other side , Chief Justice John Roberts repeatedly asked whether it would step on state power to do the opposite of DOMA -- pass a law providing full federal benefits to any legally married same-sex couple . Same-sex marriage and DOMA : 5 things we learned from oral arguments When Windsor 's lawyer argued in court there was a "  sea change " afoot today in support of same-sex marriage that leaves DOMA outdated , Roberts said that is because of "  the political effectiveness of those on your side " swaying public opinion . Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia also suggested DOMA could still remain in place as a valid extension of congressional authority , as 41 states do not allow same-sex marriage . Paul Clement , the high-profile lawyer hired by House Speaker John Boehner and fellow Republican legislators to defend DOMA , suggested the act was passed as a "  cautious approach " in response to initial efforts in some states to change state marriage laws to include homosexuals . "  In 1996 something was happening " in the country , Clement said , adding that Congress wanted to created uniformity in the federal sphere and not sow confusion in states that did not want same-sex marriage . However , Justice Elena Kagan drew an audible gasp from the packed courtroom by quoting from the official House reports of 17 years ago , when legislators stated one reason to pass DOMA was to "  express moral disapproval " over gays and lesbians being allowed to wed. . It was not until 2004 that Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same-sex marriage . No consensus was reached from the bench on the gateway or jurisdictional questions -- whether House Republicans were on solid legal footing when they stepped in and defended the law after President Barack Obama and his Justice Department reversed their position by concluding DOMA was unconstitutional . The administration changed its mind after initially defending the law before a federal judge hearing the Windsor lawsuit . Roberts tweaked Obama for not having "  the courage of conviction " to continue enforcing the law even if he thought it was discriminatory . At a news conference later Wednesday , House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California called congressional Republicans irresponsible for funding the defense of what she called a discriminatory law at a cost she put at $ 3 million . "  On the basis of what I heard , the questions of the justices , the response of the participants , I 'm very optimistic that DOMA will be struck down , " Pelosi said . Hear , read the arguments for yourself "  We did n't have horns " To Windsor , Wednesday 's arguments represented another step in the evolving history of gay rights in America . For years , she said , she wore a circle of diamonds as a pin instead of a traditional diamond ring to hide her lesbian relationship from co-workers . Victory for lesbian , years after her longtime partner 's death "  We all lived , really , behind masks and in closets , indeed , " Windsor explained . "  So what happened is there was , as we increasingly came out , people saw that we did n't have horns . People learned that , okay , we were their kids and their cousins and their friends , all of whom were coming out for the first time . And I think it just , it just grew to where we were human beings like everybody else . And I really think that 's what made the change . " Laughing , she told reporters : "  I 'm talking to you freely . I 'd have been hiding in a closet 10 years ago . " Public interest remained high outside the court in advance of Wednesday 's session , but not at the same level as Tuesday 's arguments in another case involving California 's voter-approved ban of same-sex marriage . A smaller crowd gathered than the day before , with most of them opponents of DOMA . "  I 'm here today because I 'm a social worker and I 've seen a lot of people suffer over the years , " Mary Ann Piet told CNN . "  And I 'm concerned about not getting people their human rights , their dignity as people . " Conservative supporters of the law contend it codifies a fundamental cornerstone of society , and changing the definition of marriage would have widespread negative impacts . 5 things we learned from oral arguments The California case During Tuesday 's arguments , the justices seemed to lack consensus on both jurisdictional and constitutional questions relating to the voter-approved California law , known as Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage . The overriding legal question in the California case is whether the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the law prevents states from refusing marriage to a defined class of people . When it rules , the court could strike down laws across the country banning same-sex marriage , or it could leave the current patchwork of state laws in place , choosing to let state legislatures and state courts sort it all out . "  This was a deeply divided Supreme Court , and a court that seemed almost to be groping for an answer here , " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said after the arguments . Key questions answered Four of the more liberal justices seemed at least open to the idea that same-sex marriage should be allowed in California . Three of the more conservative justices seemed aligned with the view that marriage should only be for a man and a woman , and it 's likely they 'd be joined by Justice Clarence Thomas , who does n't speak at arguments . That could leave Kennedy as the swing vote , as has often been the case . While admitting the law 's defenders are "  not just any citizens , " Kennedy raised concerns about whether just the possibility of same-sex marriage was enough to establish they had suffered harm -- a key jurisdictional hurdle allowing them to appeal in the first place . Weigh your state with CNN 's LGBT rights calculator Nine states permit same-sex marriage Among the 41 states that now forbid same-sex marriage , nine of them allow civil partnerships . Nine other states allow same-sex marriage , and about 120,000 same-sex couples have gotten married , according to estimates . Prohibitions seem to run counter to polls that show rising support overall for same-sex marriage . A CNN/ORC International poll released on Monday found 53 % of Americans now support same-sex marriage , up from 40 % in 2007 . As to how the federal government should handle the issue , another CNN/ORC International poll out Tuesday found 56 % of the public feels the federal government should also legally recognize same-sex marriages . Same-sex marriage : By the numbers CNN 's William Mears reported from the Supreme Court and Shannon Travis contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen .	NEW : "  I think it 's gon na be good , " says Edith Windsor , the focus of the DOMA challenge The court appears divided on the questions of discrimination and state authority Justice Anthony Kennedy refers to states ' "  power to regulate marriage " The Defense of Marriage Act denies benefits to same-sex couples
The world is expected to get a look at the findings of U.N. weapons inspectors Monday as Security Council powers work to turn a U.S.-Russian framework on Syria 's chemical weapons into a concrete plan . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon received the inspectors ' report on the August poison gas attack outside Damascus on Sunday , the United Nations announced . Ban is scheduled to brief the Security Council on the report in a closed-door session Monday morning -- and two diplomats told CNN the report is likely to be released publicly at that time . The attack led to U.S. threats of military action in Syria , where a civil war has left more than 100,000 dead since 2011 , and Syria 's stated decision to hand its chemical weapons arsenal over to international control . Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov laid out a series of steps the Syrians must take to eliminate its stockpile . The plan now goes to the Security Council , where members are working to craft a resolution that will keep the process under review and allow the world body to consider the use of force if Syria fails to comply . That effort will start at U.N. headquarters in New York and in Paris , where French President Francois Hollande told the television network TF1 talks would start "  as soon as tomorrow " among Kerry , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and British Foreign Secretary William Hague . "  Then Laurent Fabius will go to Russia to meet with his Russian counterpart to end this process , and we could vote on this resolution before the end of the week , " Hollande said . But he added , "  This does not mean that we would be done with the case . The violence is still ongoing , the war in Syria is still ongoing , so the next step will be to find a political solution . " Under the plan , Damascus must submit a comprehensive list of its chemical arsenal within one week , and international inspectors must be on the ground no later than November . Senior U.S. State Department officials said that according to the timeline , initial inspections of declared chemical weapons sites must be completed by November ; all production and mixing and filling equipment must be destroyed by November ; and all chemical weapons material must be eliminated by mid-2014 . Framework for eliminating chemical weapons Russia is Syria 's leading ally and has vetoed Security Council resolutions on the conflict in the past . China , the fifth of the veto-wielding Security Council members , said Sunday it welcomed the deal . "  We believe this framework agreement has cooled the tense situation in Syria and has opened a new opportunity to use a peaceful means to resolve the chemical weapons issue , " Foreign Minister Wang Yi said after a meeting with Fabius in Beijing . The verification and destruction process will be carried out by personnel from both the United Nations and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , the body that implements the international ban on chemical weapons use , according to the framework agreement . A diplomatic source said the OPCW will assess the timeline Kerry and Lavrov laid out in Geneva to assist negotiations at the United Nations . Syria confirmed it had chemical weapons in 2012 . U.S. intelligence estimates it possesses about 1,000 tons of ordnance -- mostly the nerve gases sarin and VX , which cause convulsions , paralysis , respiratory failure , and death , but also mustard gas , which inflicted horrific casualties on the battlefields of World War I. Syrian official hails ` victory ' in Geneva A Syrian official , National Reconciliation Minister Ali Haidar , called the framework a "  victory " and thanked Russia for orchestrating a chemical weapons deal to avert U.S. military action , Russia 's state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . "  On the one hand , they will help Syrians come out of the crisis , and on the other hand , they prevented the war against Syria by having removed a pretext for those who wanted to unleash it , " RIA Novosti quoted Haidar . He called the deal an achievement of Russian diplomacy , and "  a victory for Syria won thanks to our Russian friends . " U.S. , Russia agree to framework But in Israel , where he met Sunday with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Kerry told reporters that "  the threat of force remains " to make sure Syria follows through with the agreement . "  I want people to understand the key elements of what we agreed to in Geneva . It is a framework , not a final agreement , " he said . "  It is a framework that must be put into effect by the United Nations now . " And Hollande told TF1 that "  the military option must remain . " "  One must take into account the threat of sanctions , if the agreement and the results of the Security Council U.N. resolution were not carried out , " he said . "  Therefore , we must ensure that there is some kind of sanction if it is not applied . " A U.N. diplomat , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that the technical timeline agreed to in Geneva would not be revisited this week in New York . The thornier question of whether a resolution should be under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter -- which potentially authorizes the use of force if Syria is in violation -- remains to be worked out . "  You can not just copy and paste what 's in Geneva into the resolution , " the diplomat said . Also remaining to be discussed is whether any resolution would condemn al-Assad 's government for the August 21 attack and whether it would call for those accused of ordering the strike to face trial before the International Criminal Court . Both the U.N. diplomat and a Western diplomat said a vote is n't likely before mid-week , perhaps Wednesday . The Western powers have blamed government troops for the poison gas attack , which Washington says may have killed more than 1,400 people . Syria 's government denies using chemical weapons and has said rebel forces used poison gas on its forces . But in a report issued last week , Human Rights Watch said al-Assad 's forces "  were almost certainly responsible , " citing photos of and videos from the attack scene that pointed to weapons not known to be in rebel hands . Opposition group wants Syrian air power restricted A leading Syrian opposition group said Sunday that a ban on chemical weapons is n't enough , and called for the Syrian regime to end the use of air power over populated areas . "  The Syrian National Coalition insists that the ban of use of chemical weapons , which led to the loss of lives of more than 1,400 Syrian civilians , must be extended to ban the use of the regime air power and ballistic weapons against population centers , in addition to the redeployment of heavy weapons away from population centers , and the prohibition of use of these weapons to bomb Syrian cities and villages , " the group said in a statement . "  The world must not allow the Assad regime to take advantage of the Russian initiative and their joining the treaty on the prohibition of the use of chemical weapons as an excuse to continue the daily slaughter of the Syrian people with impunity , " it added . The group expressed skepticism about the chemical weapons deal . "  The Assad regime has a long track record of deceit when it comes to dealing with the treaties and empty promises in the regime attempt to buy more time , " the coalition statement said . It called on its supporters in the region and in the West to strengthen its military capabilities . "  The coalition calls upon the Arab brothers and Friends of Syria military to strengthen the arm capability of the military opposition to be able to neutralize the Assad air force and his tanks to force the regime to end its military campaign and accept a political solution that will lead to a democratic transition in Syria , " it said . Last week , Gen. Salim Idriss , head of the rebel Free Syrian Army , said he has information that Syria has already started to move chemical materials and weapons out of the country , into Lebanon and Iraq . Iraq denied the allegation , calling it "  cheap propaganda . " "  We confirm that Iraq is against possessing such weapons and other weapons of mass destruction anywhere in the world and under any excuse , " said a statement Sunday from the Iraqi prime minister 's office .	U.N. inspectors deliver their report to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  The military option must remain , " French president says A Syrian official calls the Geneva framework announced Saturday a "  victory " Syria 's opposition says the deal does n't go far enough
CNN  -- Iraq 's prime minister said Tuesday he is happy to see the United States and its Arab allies striking ISIS targets in Syria , so long as they "  do it right this time . " Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that Iraq has "  paid a heavy price " for polarization in the region and instability in Syria , saying ISIS fighters have inflicted tremendous pain , suffering and losses on his people after crossing into Iraq . He expressed hope the airstrikes will do what U.S. President Barack Obama has vowed : degrade and destroy the group , which calls itself the Islamic State . It 's good some Arab nations have joined the American-led military campaign , al-Abadi added , though he said he wished they had understood and acted on the danger posed by ISIS sooner . "  We have warned ... this is going to end in a bloodbath if nobody stops it , " he said . "  Nobody was listening . " The newly installed prime minister said , "  I personally am happy that everybody is seeing this danger , so that they are going to do something about it . And I hope they ... do it right , and they do n't do it their own way . " Elaborating on that latter point , al-Abadi said , "  I hope we 're not going to see a crush of DAIISH " -- another term for ISIS that some say sounds like an Arabic word for "  to trample on , " which the militants reportedly despise -- "  and the rise of another terrorist element instead of them . " U.S.-Arab coalition bolstered by show of force One thing the U.S. military has not done well enough when it comes to its strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq is work in close coordination with Iraqi ground forces , according to al-Abadi . "  Our forces are moving forward and , when they are moving forward , they need air cover , they need air support , " said the prime minister . "  That air support is not forthcoming . " Al-Abadi added : "  We ask for it , but of course the coalition -- they have their own ... plan . " U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria : Who 's in , who 's not ` If we do n't work together , we do n't deserve a country ' That comment may beg the question : What is al-Abadi 's plan for Iraq ? The Middle Eastern nation has been in turmoil for years . In addition to questions about its effectiveness in providing security and basic needs to its people , the government was panned for being dominated by Shiite Muslims -- like former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki -- and alienating Sunnis .  Notably , ISIS is made up of Sunnis pushing to institute their hard-line brand of Sharia law in any territory they control , while ruthlessly lashing out at those who do n't subscribe to their mission . After Obama 's withdrawal of U.S. ground troops , Iraq 's military was maligned , especially after ISIS fighters speedily overran wide swaths of the country , at times prompting Iraqi troops to drop their weapons and run . Al-Abadi conceded Tuesday that the Islamist extremist group controls at least 25 % of land in his country and is on the doorstep of the capital , Baghdad . Iraqi soldiers , police flee posts in Mosul This is n't to say al-Abadi deserves blame for this predicament . He officially took power on September 8 , a few weeks after being endorsed by al-Maliki , his fellow Shiite and Islamic Dawa Party member . Still , even if he has n't been in charge long , this is al-Abadi 's problem now . The new prime minister said he does not want militias any more in Iraq , saying armed forces "  must all be under the umbrella of the state . " Al-Abadi added that he prefers that those in ISIS-controlled territories "  liberate their own areas " with support from the government , rather than have Iraqi troops march in . As to bringing the country together , the Iraqi leader said , "  We 've worked hard to make  the government  more inclusive " and "  I think we 've got  Sunnis  almost on board right now . " Al-Abadi said a priority for him after he leaves New York -- where he , like other world leaders , are at the U.N. General Assembly -- will be nominating defense and interior ministers , one of whom will be Sunni . Its history of secular and political division , not to mention bloodshed , notwithstanding , al-Abadi said Iraq can survive if Shiites and Sunnis can work together . "  I think we can . We have to , " he added . " ... This is our country . And if we do n't work together , we do n't deserve a country . " ... We have to work together . We have to give in to each other . And I 'm prepared to do hard decisions . ... I expect others to do their own as well . "	NEW : Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi : Sunnis "  almost on board " with Shiite-led government NEW : He says all Iraqis "  must work together , " be willing to make tough decisions Al-Abadi says his government has been warning about ISIS "  bloodbath " for years He hopes airstrikes do n't lead to "  the rise of another terrorist element instead of " ISIS
New York  CNN  Crews searching at the site where a building exploded in New York 's East Village found two bodies in the rubble Sunday . The victims ' remains have not yet been officially identified , but authorities believe they are the two people who were reported missing after Thursday 's blast , New York Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro told reporters . The men reported missing last week , Nicholas Figueroa and Moises Locon , were thought to have been at a sushi restaurant at the time of the explosion . Crews are still searching the scene , Nigro said , even though it 's unlikely there are other victims . Three buildings collapsed and four others were damaged Thursday by the explosion and raging gas-fueled fire that followed . Nigro declined to discuss details about what caused the blast , saying an investigation is ongoing . Investigators are looking into whether a gas line was "  inappropriately accessed " at the building where the explosion occurred , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters Friday . Gas utility inspectors checking on work in the building 's basement left the premises about 30 minutes before the explosion . In August , Con Edison shut off gas lines at the building for 10 days after discovering they 'd been tampered with , according to Alfonso Quiroz , a spokesman for the utility . Images from the scene Before last week 's blast , the restaurant 's owner had smelled gas and contacted the building 's owner , but did n't contact authorities . That was a "  major mistake , " New York Emergency Management Commissioner Joe Esposito said Sunday . "  They should have called 911 , " he said . "  We do n't know what the outcome would have been . But that 's what they should have done . " Nicholas Figueroa 's body was one of those recovered from the rubble Sunday , family spokeswoman Awilda Cordero told CNN affiliates NY1 and WABC . "  Thank you to everybody for all the effort they did , " she said . "  Yes , it is Nicholas . They found him . " Figueroa , who had recently graduated from college , was on a date at the sushi restaurant and went to the back to pay when the explosion occurred . The family is devastated , she said , but relieved to learn that his body was found . "  They 've been waiting and waiting . ... This is just the beginning of doing something that they needed to do , " she said . Locon , an employee at the restaurant , was reported missing by his brother , police sources said last week . "  I saw that young man every day , every single day we had a chat to say ` hello how 's business , ' " Michael Schumacher , who owns a grocery store near where the explosion occurred , told WABC . "  Kid worked hard for his family " Schumacher said . CNN 's Julia Talanova reported from New York . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , David Shortell and Jamie Wiener contributed to this report .	Nicholas Figueroa 's body was found in the rubble , a family spokeswoman says Emergency commissioner : Restaurant owner smelled gas , but did n't call 911 Blast ripped through the East Village ; three buildings collapsed , four others were damaged
The militant group ISIS represents a "  very significant potential threat to homeland security , " and officials have a "  good sense " of the individuals from the United States who are trying to travel to Syria and fight with the terrorist group , the secretary of Homeland Security said Monday on CNN . "  They are a dangerous organization that has acquired territory in Iraq and Syria from which they could launch attacks , train , command and control , " Jeh Johnson said on "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  They 've demonstrated a depravity and a willingness to kill Americans because they are Americans , " he continued . "  So we 've got to take the fight to this organization . " His comments come as the group has released a new online video in which its leader specifically calls for lone wolf attacks in the United States and France -- two countries that have been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . Western allies reject ISIS leader 's threats The group has beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker . Separately on Monday , the French government said one of its citizens was abducted in a mountainous region of Algeria . A video claim of responsibility was later released by the Islamist militant group , Jund al-Khilafa fi Ard al-Jazaair , or Soldiers of the Caliphate in Algeria , whose leader recently pledged allegiance to ISIS . Johnson said Monday that ISIS "  represents a very , very dangerous organization and a very significant potential threat to homeland security . " Asked which group is a bigger threat -- Al Qaeda or ISIS -- Johnson said the United States should carefully watch both . "  We 've got to continue to keep our eye on all of this , " he said . "  We 're in an environment now where these groups are competing for recruits , for fundraising and probably attention . So I 'm focused on all of it . " The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run At least 100 Americans have either left or attempted to leave to go to Syria and help ISIS , Johnson said . "  From various records and our capability to track the travel of these people through intelligence efforts , we have a reasonably good sense of who we 're interested in , who the individuals of suspicion are , " he added . "  There have been some arrests made already . And we 've got to stay focused on it . " Such "  foreign fighters " are a new concept for counterterrorism efforts , he continued . "  It 's not something , for example , that we faced in 2001 on 9/11 . This is a new phenomenon , " he said , adding that their social media capabilities are also a new tactic .	Jeh Johnson says ISIS is a "  very significant potential threat " to the homeland Johnson is the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security He says at least 100 Americans have tried to go fight with ISIS in Syria Officials have a "  reasonably good sense " of who those Americans are
CNN  -- A Pakistani judicial commissioner has overturned the conviction of a doctor who is accused of helping the United States find Osama bin Laden , and has ordered a new trial , the official 's office said Thursday . Dr. Shakil Afridi will remain in prison until the new trial is held , according to the office of Sahibzada Mohammad Anees , the Peshawar judicial commissioner who overturned the conviction . Afridi was sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison after a tribal court convicted him of , among other things , running a fake vaccination trial . Pakistani authorities accused Afridi of working with the CIA to set up a fake vaccination campaign in Abbottabad to try verify bin Laden 's whereabouts . U.S. special forces killed the al Qaeda leader at an Abbottabad compound in May 2011 . Afridi had appealed the conviction . Information on why Anees granted the appeal was n't immediately available . Afridi 's attorney , Samiullah Afridi , said Thursday he expects the retrial to begin within a month . The doctor 's family has had no contact with him for nine months , the lawyer said . The vaccination effort , according to allegations in a report filed with a Pakistani appeals court , was meant to collect bin Laden 's DNA so the CIA could compare it with samples of bin Laden family DNA it already had , but no one at his Abbottabad compound agreed to be vaccinated . The report alleged that Afridi admitted receiving $ 75,800 from handlers for the vaccination effort . In 2012 , senior U.S. officials told CNN that Afridi worked with the United States prior to the bin Laden raid , but was never asked to spy on Pakistan and was asked only to help locate al Qaeda terrorists posing a threat to both Pakistan and the United States . After Afridi 's conviction , then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and then-U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called for his release . Clinton said Afridi "  was instrumental in taking down one of the world 's most notorious murderers . " CNN 's Reza Sayah , Elise Labott and Jason Hanna , and journalist Annabel Symington contributed to this report .	Dr. Shakil Afridi 's conviction is overturned ; he will be held while awaiting retrial Afridi was sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison He 's accused of working with the CIA , using a vaccination program in hunt for bin Laden Hillary Clinton had said Afridi was instrumental in taking bin Laden down
Silviniaco Conti completed the double at the King George VI Chase at Kempton Park in the style of which former stablemate and steeplechase legend Kauto Star would be proud . The Boxing Day race is second only to the Cheltenham Gold Cup in terms of prestige for elite horses over the fences and the 15/8 shot justified his favorite tag with a superb front running display . It came on the day a statue in honor of five-time winner Kauto Star was unveiled at the London track , both horses trained by Paul Nicholls , who has now saddled the winner nine times in the King George . Kauto Star has turned to equestrian sport and dressage since his retirement from racing , memories of his dominance still fresh in the memory . But Silviniaco Conti was just as sure footed over the big fences to win ahead of 7-1 chance Dynaste , while another Nicholls runner Al Ferof , was third for the second successive year . Fancied Irish runner Champagne Fever faded to finish fourth under jockey Ruby Walsh after running too strongly in the opening stages . Irish jockey Noel Fehily was on board the winner and could not hide his delight after such a clear cut victory . "  He has proved what a very good horse he is , " said Fehilly . "  He has done it the hard way . " Meanwhile Nicholls was left to marvel at his continued success in the King George . "  Amazing to have nine winners in the race ! " said Nicholls . "  He was really good today . I have been really impressed with him this year . He 's in a good place this season . " Silviniaco Conti has been installed as 4-1 favorite for the Gold Cup , looking to put his disappointing fourth place in last year 's race behind him at the Cheltenham Festival in March .	Silviniaco Conti wins King George VI Chase for second year in row Ninth win in prestigious steeplechase for trainer Paul Nicholls Stablemate of former legendary winner Kauto Star Kempton Park Boxing Day race second only to Cheltenham Gold Cup
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and pleaded for a powerful sedative despite knowing its harmful effects , a nutritionist who worked with the singer said Tuesday . Cherilyn Lee is a holisitic health practitioner and has been in healthcare for 23 years , her Web site states . Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse and nurse practitioner who first met Jackson in January to treat his children for a common cold , said she rejected his requests for Diprivan and informed him of the side effects . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " Lee said . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " "  I told him -- and it is so painful that I actually felt it in my whole spirit -- ` If you take this you might not wake up . ' " According to the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners , nurse practitioners "  provide high-quality healthcare services similar to those of a doctor . " They can also prescribe medications , according to the academy 's Web site . CNN could not independently verify whether Lee worked with Jackson . When asked about Lee 's account , Jackson family attorney Londell McMillan said : "  I wonder why someone would make a comment about drugs when they have n't seen him take the drug or anyone who administered it . " The drug , known by its generic name Propofol , is administered intravenously as an anesthetic during surgeries . Watch nurse describe Jackson 's drug request " An initial dose puts a person to sleep . An overdose can lead to cardiac arrest , doctors say . Jackson died June 25 at the age of 50 . Authorities are awaiting toxicology results to determine what killed him . Lee is licensed as a registered nurse , according to the California Board of Registered Nursing Web site . According to her Web site , she is a proponent of alternative medicine that uses a holistic approach . Lee said that four days before Jackson 's death , she received a call from a Jackson staff member who said the singer felt that one side of his body was cold ; the other hot . "  I could hear Mr. Jackson saying in the background , ` Please have her come see me now . Can she come now ? ' " Lee , who was in Florida at the time , said she told Jackson 's staffers to take him to a hospital . "  I was really afraid because of the symptoms they were telling me , " she said . "  It could have meant something going on in the nervous system or something cardiovascular . " After his death , Lee said she did n't go to the authorities . "  When I saw it on the news , I really did n't know what to do , " she said . "  I was saddened . I heard there was a physician there . " Lee also could not say why Jackson would call on her , when the last time she saw him was three months ago . "  The only think I can think of is he recalled the symptoms I was telling him , " she said . But , she added , she did n't know of any doctors who would have given him the drug . "  I asked him , ` What doctor gave you this drug ? ' " she said , when the singer initially brought up the medicine . "  He told me , ` Oh it was a long time ago . ' " Dr. Rakesh Marwah of the anesthesiology department at the Stanford University School of Medicine said Propofol can lead to cardiac arrest , which is suspected in Jackson 's death . "  Propofol slows down the heart rate and slows down the respiratory rate and slows down the vital functions of the body , " he said .	NEW : Lawyer : Nurse never saw Jackson take , be administered drug Jackson said "  I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep , " nurse said Cherilyn Lee : I told Jackson "  if you take this you might not wake up " Sedative Jackson requested given through IV as anesthetic during surgeries
CNN  -- The jury of Iran 's Press Court on Sunday found the Tehran bureau chief for Reuters guilty of publishing lies and negatively influencing public opinion . Press TV , a state media agency , reported a jury member said Reuters was "  found guilty of propagating against the Islamic Republic and disseminating false information to disturb public opinion . " Parisa Hafezi is Reuters ' bureau chief in Tehran . She referred CNN to Thompson Reuters , based in London , for a statement . In a story about the verdict on its website , Reuters said , "  We understand that the jury has stated its view and we now await the court 's ruling . We do not intend to comment further until a decision is issued . " Press TV said a judge will make his final ruling in October , and the news agency can appeal the decision . The controversy stems from a Reuters video showing women clad head to toe in black , running up walls and flipping backwards , and diving and rolling over swords held at waist heights . A Culture Ministry official accused Reuters of calling the martial arts students terrorists , when in fact they are "  university students and housewives " who "  engaged in this sport because of their love for the sport . " Reuters acknowledged the video report in February "  contained an error " and said the headline was changed after a complaint . The story 's headline , "  Thousands of female Ninjas train as Iran 's assassins , " was corrected to read "  Three thousand women Ninjas train in Iran , " Reuters said in a statement . Reuters also apologized for the error , the news agency said . According to Fars , a semiofficial Iranian news agency , the lawsuit was filed by "  Iranian Women Ninjas . " Eleven Reuters staff members in Tehran were told to hand in their press cards over the incident , Reuters said in April . "  We acknowledge this error occurred and regard it as a very serious matter , " editor-in-chief Stephen J. Adler said , adding that officials at the company "  conducted an internal review and have taken appropriate steps to prevent a recurrence . " The press court was created in February 2011 . An Iranian official said it was necessary because of developments in mass media and "  special media crimes . " CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Reuters admitted in February a video story erred in calling women assassins in training The story involved thousands of women practicing to be ninjas A jury found the news agency 's bureau chief guilty Judge will rule on guilt or innocence in October
CNN  -- World number two Maria Sharapova limped out of the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo after twisting her ankle during her quarterfinal match against Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic . Sharapova had hoped for revenge after the Kvitova beat her in the final at Wimbledon this year . But with Sharapova losing 4-3 in the first set the Russian fell and retired shortly after . "  I hit a serve and then landed awkwardly on my left ankle . I felt a sharp pain and next thing I knew I was on the floor . It swelled up immediately and I knew there was no way I could continue , " Sharapova said in a statement quoted by AFP . "  I am incredibly disappointed and in a lot of pain . I obviously really wanted to win and felt that I was playing well . " Sharapova 's retirement means that Kvitova will now face another Russian , Vera Zvonareva , in the semifinals although the Czech player expressed her sadness at the manner in which the match ended . "  We played very nice tennis , I think , and it was a great match , " she told AFP . "  I 'm very sorry about her , because the ankle swollen was too big straight away . Hopefully ... she will be back early . " Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland will contest the other semifinal . But it was a day when injuries ruled the headlines after Novak Djokovic also pulled out of a tournament due to injury . The Serbian player , ranked number one in the world after his stunning U.S. Open triumph earlier this month , announced he was pulling out of the China Open after injuring himself in a recent Davis Cup match . The injury has also put Djokovic 's appearance in next month 's Shanghai Masters in doubt . World number three Roger Federer and Frenchman Richard Gasquet have already pulled out of the event . The injuries come at the end of a grueling season where several top players have raised the prospect of a strike over the amount of tennis being played .	Maria Sharapova pulls out of the Pan Pacific Open in Japan after twisting her ankle She was losing 4-3 in the first set of her quarterfinal match against Petra Kvitova World number one Novak Djokovic also announced he was pulling out of the China Open due to injury Players had threatened a strike due to tournament ` burn out '
CNN  -- At Romotive , we are obsessed with robots . We 're a team of nerds , and we grew up watching science fiction that prominently featured robots doing extraordinary things to help or protect their human counterparts . We figured that as adults , our lives would be better because of robots . Unfortunately , that has n't happened yet , and robots remain one of the great unfulfilled promises of science fiction . We think that 's going to change over the next decade . First , the barriers to entry in robotics that have typically precluded individuals or small teams from building robots are falling away . The rise of cheap rapid-prototyping tools like 3-D printers is making it possible for just about anyone to design and print physical products from the comfort of their homes . Moreover , open-source electronics platforms like Arduino mean that hobbyists can now create custom electronic systems without having to go through the expensive process of manufacturing custom circuit boards . Also , crowdfunding websites like Kickstarter are making it possible for companies to test the traction of new robots and secure initial orders before choosing to scale production . Even more importantly , the ubiquity of smart devices is changing the way that people are thinking about robotic controllers and robots themselves . Smart phones today have powerful processors , an array of sensors , and a user interface that everyone already understands . These are crucial assets for a robot , and many startups are now exploring the possibilities of using smart devices as controllers or even brains for a wide variety of robotic creatures . Finally , the ubiquity of Wi-Fi and data networks means that robots can be designed with the Web in mind . This will ultimately allow teams to build much lighter , more affordable hardware platforms on the assumption that any computationally intensive tasks can be offloaded to the cloud . Instead of needing to load every possible routine onto a robot before it ships , designers will be able to build robots that will download new "  apps " on a situation-by-situation basis . Basically , the cloud will make it possible to build cheaper robots that learn new things over time . But there 's still a lot of work to do . In the Web and mobile ecosystems , a lot of the most incredible innovations over the last decade have been design innovations . Companies like Twitter , Pinterest , and Airbnb are n't revolutionary because they pushed human technology forward ; they are revolutionary because they made technology more usable . Surprisingly , the exact opposite trend has occurred in robotics . At a research level , there have been incredible technological innovations over the last 10 years . See this striking example , or this one . But these systems are too expensive and complicated for nontechnical people to buy and use . As we think about how robots will begin helping us in all different aspects of our lives over the next decade , we believe that design innovation in robotics will be at least as important as tech innovation in finally making robots available to a majority of people in the world . And we think that it wo n't be until robots are truly accessible -- 14-year-olds hacking on Wi-Fi-connected , computer-vision-capable robots in their garages on the weekends -- that innovation in robotics will really take off in earnest . My company , Romotive , builds a small , affordable robot that uses an iPhone as his brain . Romo can learn new things over time and can stream two-way video with any iOS device , anywhere in the world . In order to become part of our daily lives , robots will need to be friendly , simple , and robust . Romo is a small step in that direction . Roy Amara , longtime president of the Institute for the Future , said that people tend to overestimate the effect of a new technology in the short run and underestimate the effect over the long term . That 's absolutely the case in robotics , where it 's easy to dismiss early attempts as toys but hard to imagine how robots will fundamentally change our lives over the next few decades . Robots will be able to guard your house while you 're away , babysit your kids , or keep you company when you 're alone . Drones could tend to gardens and farms while people control telepresence robots on the other side of the world via heads-up displays like Google Glass . Corporations are n't going to build these robots , but hackers will . That 's why making robotics accessible and affordable is so important , and why I believe we 're finally poised to build the robots that we fell in love with in sci-fi movies decades ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Keller Rinaudo .	Keller Rinaudo : His company is a team of nerds with sci-fi dreams of robots that enhance lives He says combination of smart phones , Wi-Fi and the cloud enables dreams to become real Hackers are in position to innovate with robots in many ways , he says
Editor 's note : Ken Ballen is president of Terror Free Tomorrow : the Center for Public Opinion , a nonprofit institute that researches attitudes toward extremism . Amjad Atallah co-directs the Middle East Task Force at the New America Foundation , a think tank that promotes ideas across the ideological spectrum . Kenneth Ballen says Iranians overwhelmingly favor better relations with the United States . CNN  -- In a new public opinion poll before Iran 's critical June 12 presidential election , by large margins , most Iranians said they support an American-Iranian rapprochement for bringing a new era of peace to the Middle East . Surveyed on a wide range of issues , Iranians overwhelmingly favor better relations with the United States and greater democracy for Iran . The poll shows that the Iranian public remains far removed from the stereotypes of apocalyptic fanatics commonly asserted in some circles in the United States . The survey suggests that Iranians instead are a people with self-confidence and hope in a more democratic future . It also reveals a population with a strong awareness that the United States is as much a potential ally as it is now seen as a current threat . This holds much promise for U.S. national security interests in the region . These are some of the many findings from a new nationwide public opinion survey of Iran , to be released Monday . Independent and uncensored nationwide surveys of Iran are rare . Typically , pre-elections polls in Iran are either conducted or monitored by the Iranian government and other affiliated interest groups . Consequently , they are notoriously untrustworthy . By contrast , our poll -- the third in a series over the past two years -- was conducted by telephone from a neighboring country , uncensored , with time-tested methodology . Funding for the survey was provided by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund . The poll was led by Terror Free Tomorrow : the Center for Public Opinion and the New America Foundation , with fieldwork by KA Europe SPRL . The full results and methodology are available at terrorfreetomorrow.org . The survey was conducted from May 11 to 20 , with 1,001 random interviews proportionally distributed covering all 30 provinces of Iran , and a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points . Though our poll results show President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the lead , it appears that that none of the presidential candidates will pass the 50 percent threshold needed to automatically win ; a second-round runoff between the two highest finishers -- as things stand , Ahmadinejad and Mir Hussein Moussavi -- is likely . Regardless of whom they may vote for , the No. 1 priority Iranians have for their government is improving the Iranian economy , very closely followed by ensuring free elections , a free press and better trade and relations with the West . It is in this context that the Iranian people strongly support a fundamental change in American-Iranian relations . Right now , Iranians consider the United States and Israel as the greatest -- and only -- threats to Iran . As a result , more than six out of every 10 Iranians oppose any peace deal with Israel and are in favor of the government of Iran providing military and financial assistance to Palestinian groups such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as well as providing military and financial assistance to Iraqi Shiite militias . A majority of Iranians also favor Iran developing nuclear weapons . These "  hard-line " attitudes dramatically change , however , as part of a potential deal with the United States . More than 70 percent of Iranians favor providing full access to inspectors and a guarantee not to develop or possess nuclear weapons , in return for outside aid and investment . In another consistent trend over the past two years , 77 percent of Iranians also back normal relations and trade with the United States . Indeed , as part of a deal with the United States , 54 percent of Iranians would endorse the Iranian government ending support for Iraqi militias instead of providing military assistance . Rather than supporting the destruction of the state of Israel , as they do now , as part of a deal with the United States , a majority of Iranians would even favor recognizing the state of Israel . Greater democracy , economic progress and good relations with the United States are the ultimate goals for most Iranians . In another indication of the public 's strong support for a more open and fully democratic system of government , 77 percent said they support a political system where the supreme leader , along with all leaders , can be chosen and replaced by a free and direct vote of the people . The vision of the Iranian people for a more democratic future , with normal trade and relations between Iran and the United States , remains the consensus over our three nationwide surveys . Iranians also view their support for Ahmadinejad -- or whoever might be elected the next president of Iran -- as consistent with those goals . The Iranian people are apparently looking to their next president , whether or not it 's Ahmadinejad , to be a Persian Nixon going to China . They want a tough negotiator to bring home a deal for Iran . His mandate is not to continue current hard-line polices with the United States but to change -- if the United States , in turn , is willing to recognize the Islamic Republic and end its policy seeking regime change in Tehran . For Washington , this means that the Iranian people are not an obstacle and that a real bargain can be struck that would find popular support . But the Iranian people are endorsing a negotiating position that leaves little time and much room for miscalculation . President Obama needs to integrate this reality into his strategy for the greater Middle East and , once the elections are complete , engage Iran on the potential of a new strategic relationship . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen and Amjad Atallah .	Ballen , Atallah : Most Iranians are not extremists ; they favor peace with U.S. They say poll shows overwhelming support for negotiations Poll finds Iranian support for a deal regardless of whether Ahmadinejad is re-elected
CNN  -- One of the 78 wives of jailed polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs left the Arizona community of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints this week and is receiving medical treatment at a shelter , authorities said . The woman , who is not being named by the Washington County , Utah , Sheriff 's Department because she 's considered a victim of abuse , was taken to the shelter after a tense standoff with church members Monday . The woman fled to the home of Willie Jessop , a former top church associate expelled by Jeffs . Jessop said the woman came there because she knew he would protect her . Warren Jeffs found guilty of sexual assault The standoff began when men from the FLDS arrived at Jessop 's office , wanting to take her back to the community , Jessop said . Detectives removed the woman and took her to the shelter . Jeffs , leader of the 10,000-member Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , is serving a life-plus-20-year term for sexual assault . He was convicted in early August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl Jeffs claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " Warren Jeffs ' life sentence raises questions about future of breakaway sect The FLDS is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , as well as on its Yearning For Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago .	The woman is receiving medical treatment in a shelter , authorities say Warren Jeffs led the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints He is serving a life-plus-20-year term for aggravated sexual convictions
CNN  -- Juan Salgado was 16 when he started cutting sugarcane , in a town near the Pacific coast of Nicaragua in 1966 . His symptoms began about 35 years later : Fever . Headaches . Poor appetite . Feelings of faintness . For no obvious reason , his kidneys were severely damaged , to the point that doctors said he could n't do agricultural work anymore . Many of his friends had it worse . "  I know , many , many workers who were colleagues of mine , who have already died , and I know also many who are not capable of working anymore because of the disease , " said Salgado , now 65 , who worked near the town of Chichigalpa , Nicaragua . The disease is known by scientists as "  chronic kidney disease of unknown origin , " or CKDu . In rural communities in Nicaragua , it 's "  creatinina , " the Spanish word for creatinine , a biomarker of kidney strength . At least 20,000 people have died prematurely from this mysterious disease in Central America in the last two decades , according to one estimate , but the real scope of the problem is unknown . The illness is not related to diabetes or hypertension -- drivers of kidney disease in the United States -- and affects primarily young men . The disease is concentrated on the Pacific Coast in male agricultural workers , especially those cutting sugarcane . El Salvador , Nicaragua and Costa Rica seem to be hotbeds of the illness . Scientists believe that a multitude of factors could be contributing to the disease , but that there 's likely at least one factor that is job-related . Making matters tricky , the sugarcane industry has been a provider of funding for major studies on the illness , raising concerns that companies could be influencing the results . In Salgado 's opinion , the Nicaraguan sugarcane industry players "  know well the cause of this disease . " Jason Glaser , a documentary filmmaker and community advocate , is not as sure . It is not yet clear to scientists and industry leaders what is causing this increased incidence of kidney disease . La Isla Foundation , which Salgado co-founded with Glaser in 2008 , is dedicated to improving the well-being of sugarcane workers with the disease and promoting prevention , and is collaborating with researchers to better understand what 's causing this enigmatic illness . The organization is convening a meeting in July with CDC representatives , and researchers from various institutions to explore possibilities for more research . "  This is a complex problem , " said Dr. Reina Turcios-Ruiz , resident adviser at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Central America Regional Office in Guatemala . "  It 's going to take some time to find an answer , but I think it 's important that we stick to it . " "  None of the scientific investigations that have been made have established a link of causality between the sugar activity in Central America , and therefore our company , and CKD , " Ariel Granera Sacasa , spokesperson for Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited , said in an e-mail . Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited is the company that owns Ingenio San Antonio , where Salgado worked for decades . What is CKDu ? In the United States , a typical patient dies of chronic kidney disease their 70s or 80s , said Daniel Brooks of Boston University School of Public Health . But in Central America , men often get it in their 20s or 30s , and die by their 40s or 50s . There are no early-stage signs . When patients experience symptoms such as fatigue , pain and high blood pressure , "  a lot of the kidney function is already gone , " said Brooks , who has been studying the illness . "  In order to be able to help people , they  screenings  need to be done on people who are asymptomatic , " he said . Stage 3 is considered chronic kidney disease , Brooks said . Stage 5 is "  end-stage " -- where the only way to stay alive is to be on dialysis or get a transplant . Different people progress at different speeds . Kidney dialysis and transplant -- both expensive undertakings -- are not accessible to many people in Salgado 's region of Nicaragua . "  The people who are mainly affected are poor workers , typically in agricultural situations , " Brooks said . "  There 's really not much availability of the treatment options . "  Most people just live 'til they die . " Out in the fields Why Pacific regions of Central America are especially affected is a mystery . So is the specific connection to sugarcane cutting . "  Some studies have indicated that greater than 20 % of men may have it in the areas where people are employed in sugarcane , " Brooks said , although there are also high rates of the disease reported in miners and stevedores . To some familiar with the disease , it seems clear that something about sugarcane working conditions is relevant . "  This epidemic is an occupational disease with possibly one or more yet unknown environmental components interacting with occupational dehydration , " said Catharina Wesseling , researcher at the Universidad Nacional in Heredia , Costa Rica , and the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , who has studied the disease . "  The unknown factor  s  may be a pesticide , arsenic , an infectious agent , use of nephrotoxic drugs , or other environmental pollutants . But there is no room for much doubt that chronic dehydration is one major factor . " Wesseling was co-author on a 2012 study measuring markers of kidney function , including creatinine , in 256 men and 408 women in five communities in El Salvador . They found a correlation between markers of decreased kidney function and people who performed labor on lowland sugarcane and cotton plantations . Men had a higher prevalence , but women may still be at risk , the study authors said . In a hot climate , performing physically intense labor , agricultural workers are probably facing dehydration , Turcios-Ruiz said . What 's more , it 's common for the workers to drink sugary soft drinks as they toil , which some mice studies suggest could be an exacerbating factor in kidney failure . "  Acute dehydration has been linked to acute kidney injury . But there has not been evidence that repeated dehydration is related to chronic kidney injury , " Turcios-Ruiz said . There could be a genetic explanation , researchers said . It 's possible that genetics could interact with environmental risk factors , such as those encountered in agricultural work , Wesseling said . One of Brooks ' next studies will look at genetic susceptibility or predispositions that could affect the likelihood of developing CKDu . Another study will test children and adolescents for kidney damage before adulthood . Funding controversies It is troubling that the sugarcane industry is financing research into the causes of CKDu , Wesseling said , because companies have been very resistant to the idea that working conditions could be related . So far , Wesseling 's research has not incorporated industry funding . She has partnered with La Isla Foundation to study the disease further . She and colleagues are looking to do a study that will test different hydration and rest-time protocols . You ca n't do an intervention without the cooperation of the sugarcane companies , she said . "  But you need independent sources to be able to keep your independence . " Upcoming research by Brooks and colleagues will be partially funded by the sugarcane industry , with the money channeled through the CDC Foundation , a nonprofit established by Congress to connect the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to other groups and individuals , Brooks said . "  The donors have no involvement in the research beyond providing funding . The CDC Foundation is administering the grants , " according to the CDC Foundation . There are conflict of interest policies to maintain independence from the funding source , Brooks said . Also , an external advisory board will be established to review the studies . "  CDC is providing technical assistance to Boston University on investigations into chronic kidney disease . Some of these investigations are funded through the CDC Foundation , others are not , " Turcios-Ruiz said . Brooks ' previous studies also received industry funding -- specifically , from Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited and a professional group to which it belongs , the Comite Nacional de Productores de Azucar . La Isla Foundation would like to work with sugarcane companies on improving working conditions , provided they acknowledge that working conditions could be contributing to the illness , "  and need improvement independent of that , " Glaser said . What can be done ? The rise of CKDu in Central America , on top of conventional cases of kidney disease , is "  overwhelming local health care systems to the point of collapse , " Wesseling and colleagues wrote in 2013 in the American Journal of Public Health . The disease is incredibly expensive , and will break the bank of any ministry of health , said Turcios-Ruiz . Nicaragua Sugar Estates Ltd. has followed recommendations from Boston University to update its protocols on hydration , rest and shade , Granera Sacasa said , and health and security personnel on the fields has doubled to implement these policies . The company is developing a program that "  includes adequate hydration , balanced diet and pauses in the work process to avoid overexertion and fatigue . " Some sugarcane companies have even started screening employees for the kidney disease biomarker before they start work , Brooks said . La Isla Foundation is working on evaluating treatment programs and helping improve the quality of health care for people with the disease . Nicaragua 's health system is "  overwhelmed and underfunded , " said Dorien Faber , public health project coordinator for La Isla Foundation . In El Salvador , Faber and Glaser are looking at how adequate care can be delivered to patients with low resources . "  There are two to three funerals a day when people drop off during the dry season , " said Glaser . "  It 's just a burden for the people . We want to do something that has nothing to do with politics . " Nowhere else to work Salgado is lucky compared to many with CKDu . He has never been on dialysis or needed a kidney transplant . He still has occasional fluctuations in blood pressure , but a low-fat diet and less physical exertion away from the sugarcane fields , have prevented severe kidney failure , according to his colleagues . Salgado said he receives social security of about $ 150 a month because he had been working for so long , but did not receive any compensation from his company , he said . Three of his sons -- ages 26 , 29 , 33 -- work in sugarcane . Two operate machines , one is a cutter . His daughter 's husband , who is like a son to him , works in irrigation . "  There is nowhere else to work , " he said . "  The whole agricultural area is sugarcane . " With few jobs in the area , Salgado 's sons have little choice , but he fears for their health . "  I 'm afraid because I 've seen so many young people who are already in advanced stages , " he said . "  I know many young people of almost the age of my children , who have already left Ingenio San Antonio and can no longer work , and who have an advanced illness , and who are truly already candidates for dying . "	CKDu is a complex health problem with unknown origins The disease is especially prevalent among sugarcane workers Kidney dialysis and transplants are often too expensive for employees Some research on the disease is funded by the sugarcane industry , causing controversy
