CNN  -- It cost his newspaper a thumping $ 1.6 million in legal costs . He was the subject of vilification from both cycling fans and officials -- not to mention from a man who had become a global sporting icon . But not once did David Walsh waver in his quest to unveil the truth about Lance Armstrong and his doping lies -- despite the almost insurmountable obstacles placed in his way . "  People find this strange , but for me it was the time of my life , " Walsh told CNN 's Changing Gear series in an interview before the start of the Tour de France . "  I loved it . I thought ` This was journalism , this was what our game was about ' -- asking questions that people did n't want to answer was actually the life blood of journalism for me at that time . " The award-winning Sunday Times journalist spent 13 long and sometimes lonely years pursuing Armstrong . Labeled a "  Little Troll " by the American , Walsh was finally vindicated when the disgraced cyclist confessed earlier this year . It was Walsh 's finest hour and he even gained an apology from Armstrong during the course of the Texan 's televised interview with Oprah Winfrey earlier this year . No elation But the 58-year-old Irishman did not feel any sense of real elation -- only the satisfaction of a job well done . "  For me , it was n't a conclusion that was thrilling , or exciting , or interesting -- it was the chase , " said Walsh . "  I 've used the expression that the hunt was better than the kill , and it very much was . I loved getting new information about Armstrong . " Back in 1999 , when the world was in thrall to the cancer survivor after Armstrong 's remarkable comeback to win the Tour de France that year , Walsh was immediately skeptical . "  It was perfectly obvious to anybody with half a brain that Armstrong was cheating , " said Walsh . "  We were told this is a clean Tour , but it was the fastest in history -- completely illogical ! " Armstrong 's treatment of the French rider Christophe Bassons , who was renowned for his anti-doping stance , only served to further raise Walsh 's suspicions . Bullying tactics "  I mean , Armstrong bullied him , most of the peloton bullied him and I thought : ` If you were anti-doping , that 's not how you would treat somebody who clearly was riding clean . ' " It was the start of a crusade to uncover the truth , though at first nobody wanted to listen . In the aftermath of the 1998 Tour de France -- blighted by doping , with police raiding teams to find illegal products -- cycling had been desperate for a good news story and was prepared , in Walsh 's words , to "  suspend disbelief . " "  An American guy comes from Texas , single-parent family , he 's come through life-threatening cancer , he 's in the lead , " explained Walsh . "  It 's a story that could take the Tour de France from its knees and put it standing up again and the race organizers embraced that . " As Armstrong 's winning run continued -- eventually to total an unprecedented seven Tour wins in a row -- so in Walsh 's view the American 's web of deceit grew and he alleges others were complicit in the cover up . Walsh was determined to publish his version of events and when LA  Lance Armstrong  Confidential hit the bookshelves in 2004 and a story based on it was published in the Sunday Times , the libel suits and the threats intensified . Singled out Walsh was at an explosive Tour media conference later that year and Armstrong , when inevitably asked about the book , singled him out , as the journalist vividly recalls . Armstrong said : "  Well as the esteemed author is here , I will answer this . "  And then he said ` Extraordinary allegations , no , extraordinary accusations must be followed by extraordinary proof . ' Everybody thought that was a great one-liner . " Walsh had based his book on interviews with Betsy Andreu , the wife of cyclist Frankie Andreu , a former teammate of Armstrong , Emma O'Reilly , who had acted as personal masseuse for the now disgraced cyclist , and a former teammate from the 1990 's , Steven Swart . When details of the systematic doping carried out by Armstrong and his team finally emerged in a report by the United States Anti Doping Agency  USADA  in 2012 , it vindicated the whistleblowers ' stance -- as well as Walsh and his co-author Frenchman Pierre Ballester . But back in 2004 , with Armstrong at the peak of his fame , it was inevitable he would challenge such damaging revelations to protect his reputation . Libel action The Sunday Times stood by their man and his story , but when libel action in the UK courts was commenced by the litigious Armstrong , they knew the outcome would probably be in the American 's favor . Walsh recognized the seriousness of the situation , but admitted his judgment became clouded . "  I 'm there saying ` Well I do n't care , I just want this stuff out there . ' "  And I was n't seeing reason to be honest . I would have been a bit of a nightmare from the legal department 's point of view and they were right . "  It did cost the Sunday Times a million pounds , but the newspaper were tremendously supportive as was my sports editor , " added Walsh , referring to the out-of-court settlement reached with Armstrong in 2006 . By then the Texan had retired from the sport for the first time , though the rumors would not go away . Ultimate responsibility Walsh believes that cycling 's governing body -- the International Cycling Union -- bears a heavy responsibility for not cleaning up its own sport in the face of overwhelming evidence of doping , not just by Armstrong but other leading riders . He is heavily critical of its chiefs past and present , Hein Vergruggen , who resigned in 2005 to be replaced by Pat McQuaid . "  They were the people whose ultimate responsibility it was to ensure that the riders riding clean were protected . They did n't do their job , " said Walsh . "  McQuaid said he was very anti-doping , but he did n't want to find out the truth about Lance Armstrong . He wanted basically , to sweep it under the carpet , and in my opinion , his organization now can not have any credibility as long as he 's president . " Walsh 's fellow Irishman McQuiad has a different perspective . "  Hindsight is an exact science and hindsight is 20-20 vision , " McQuaid told CNN as part of the Changing Gear series . "  Of course you would do things differently but that does n't mean that I regret anything that I did . "  Many , many federations around the world told me that under no circumstances should I contemplate resigning , " added McQuaid defiantly . McQuaid is being challenged for the top job at the UCI by British Cycling 's Brian Cookson , and Walsh , while not specifically backing any candidate , is convinced a change is urgently needed . "  I have been saying this since the whole controversy unfolded -- the people who were in charge during this fiasco , should n't still be there . "  If cycling could find a credible candidate within its own ranks to take over from Pat , it would immediately change the perception of the UCI and people would say ` You know what ? Let 's give this new guy a chance . "  And let him reassure us that anti-doping really is going to be the number one item on the agenda . " Ringleader Armstrong came out of retirement in 2009 to ride for the Astana team and finished third in that year 's Tour de France . He raced two more years with Team RadioShack with diminishing success before quitting in early 2011 . By then he was the subject of a U.S. federal investigation into doping allegations and more former teammates , notably Tyler Hamilton and Floyd Landis , came forward to specifically implicate the Texan as the ringleader . Once again , Walsh had been ahead of the game , having published From Lance to Landis : Inside the American Doping Controversy at the Tour de France in 2007 . The federal case against Armstrong was eventually dropped , but the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency persisted in its investigations . Grilling his former teammates and other close connections , the USADA formally charged Armstrong in June 2012 with using illicit performance-enhancing drugs in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen . " Walsh , who has won a string of press awards , was finally vindicated as he recounts in his book Seven Deadly Sins : My Pursuit of Lance Armstrong . New era For the first time since 2004 , Walsh will cover the Tour de France after Britain 's Team Sky Cycling team , who won the Tour last year with Bradley Wiggins , gave the journalist exclusive behind the scenes access to the 2013 race . "  I 'm really looking forward to it , but I 'm looking forward to it because I feel that the Armstrong era has been dealt with and we can start again , " said the Irishman . "  We can start tentatively believing in some of what we see , and that 's why I 'm back . " Not that Walsh believes the doping culture in cycling has been completely eradicated and points to last year 's race where Luxembourg 's Frank Schleck fell foul of the testers . "  The one certainty is that Frank Schleck was n't the only guy who doped in last year 's Tour de France , " said Walsh . "  That 's absolutely certain . "  Nobody of sane mind would believe that the people who get caught are the only people who dope . " Walsh has spent four weeks in total with Team Sky as they prepared for this year 's Tour where Chris Froome , second last year to Wiggins , who will be absent this time , is regarded the favorite . The journalist has had to soak up some criticism on Twitter that he has become a "  PR agency for Sky " but Walsh remains unabashed . "  They say they 're clean . I 've seen nothing to make me suspicious that they 're telling a lie when they say they 're clean , though that does n't mean that things could n't be happening behind my back . "  The conclusion I 've come to given the time I 've spent with them is that they certainly do n't have an organized doping program within the team . "	Irish journalist David Walsh spent over a decade pursuing Lance Armstrong Sunday Times writer was convinced from 1999 onwards he was doping His co-authored 2004 book LA Confidential enraged the American cyclist Armstrong apologized to Walsh during his 2012 televised confession
CNN  -- At this point are there any celebrities left who have not done the Ice Bucket Challenge ? All across the Internet the famous are taking a dousing in the name of raising money -- and bringing awareness -- to Lou Gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . The participants include such figures as Iggy Azalea , Lady Gaga and Chris Pratt . Some , like Justin Bieber , have taken the challenge more than once . "  All right , second Ice Bucket Challenge , " Bieber said in a video posted on his Instagram account . "  Today I nominate my Beliebers all over the world . I know you guys got an ice bucket . " CNNMoney : $ 15 million pours in from Ice Bucket Challenge "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star Pratt attempted a different twist by drinking Blue Ice Vodka and Smirnoff Ice instead of dumping an ice bucket on himself . But he did n't get away with his scam as a pair of friends proceeded to pour cold water over him multiple times from a balcony above . "  Really , " Pratt sputtered . "  That 's so cold ! " Pop star Lady Gaga was one of the latest celebs to post her video on her Instagram account . The singer was silent as she sat in a chair , dressed in what appeared to be a studded bathing suit and poured ice water over herself from a massive silver bowl . "  Scandal " star Kerry Washington accepted two bucket challenges -- one as a stand-in for the cast and one for herself . And she was n't the only celeb from a Shonda Rhimes show to get on board . The cast of "  Grey 's Anatomy " also participated . Once the stars have completed the challenge , they have in turn challenged fellow celebs to take the plunge themselves . Others celebs participating include Oprah Winfrey , the cast of "  The Voice , " Jennifer Lopez , Robert Downey Jr. , Nina Dobrev and James Van Der Beek . Friend of man behind Ice Bucket Challenge dies	Celebrities are stepping up to take the Ice Bucket Challenge It benefits funding and awareness of ALS , or Lou Gehrig 's disease Some celebs have done the challenge more than once
Editor 's note : CNN affiliates report on where job seekers are finding work across the country and how those looking for employment are coping with the situation . Baltimore Mayor Sheila Dixon , shown in April , once worked in a city jobs program as a youth . CNN  -- Some of the stimulus money from the U.S. government is going to programs that help young adults find jobs . In Baltimore , Maryland , the city wants to put more than 7,000 to work , mostly in local government jobs . It will use more than $ 6 million from the federal government and sponsorship money , according to WBAL-TV in Baltimore . Baltimore Mayor Sheila Dixon recalled her days as a young worker . "  I worked at a camp , and then in high school , I was able to continue to work in the program , " she said . Read the full report on WBAL In Palm Beach Gardens , Florida , Kahtoya Wesley , 20 , has had difficulty finding a job , but she has a better chance of finding work now because she has joined the Summer Youth Employment Program , according to WPBF-TV in West Palm Beach . So far 200 people have landed jobs through the program , an initiative of the Workforce Alliance of Palm Beach County , WPBF reported . The organization is using $ 3 million of stimulus money to fund the positions the young adults find , the station said . iReport.com : Share your job hunt story The group also prepares the job seekers for interviews and provides seminars in how to deal with work-life situations . "  I got fired like five times . It was bad , " John Hill told WPBF . He chose a seminar on working better with a supervisor . "  Because I usually do n't , " he told the station . Read the full report on WPBF The state of Arkansas is using federal money to fund jobs for at-risk students in Springdale , according to KHBS-TV in Fort Smith , Arkansas . The town 's youth center hired five teens to work in clerical and maintenance positions , KHBS reported . David Cook told the station he has had trouble motivating himself to go to school . The summer job was helping him with a shift on focus . "  It gives me a sense of responsibility of showing up on time , working on a schedule and with other people , " he told KHBS . Read the full report on KHBS West : FedEx center brings 650 jobs to Oregon Even before a new FedEx shipping center brings hundreds of jobs to Troutdale , Oregon , it is helping with employment through road construction jobs , according to KPTV-TV in Portland . The new hub , which is expected to be completed in July 2010 , will bring more than 1,000 additional cars to the area , so the Oregon Department of Transportation called for two additional lanes at a nearby major intersection , KPTV reported . FedEx is expected to employ 650 workers at the facility once it opens , according to KPTV . "  We 're creating family wage jobs , because this project will take place this summer , " Troutdale Mayor Jim Kight told the station . Oregon 's unemployment rate was a record 12.4 percent in May . Read the full report on KPTV South : No job ? Create your own He was once a senior loan officer who had been laid off and was looking every day for a job anywhere there might be an opportunity . When he could n't find the right chance , he created his own . Kenneth Hodge is now a small business owner , the founder of SFG Records . "  If you look at your failures , if you stare at your failures too long , you 'll never go anywhere , " Hodge told WPBF . "  But if you look beyond your failures , you can move to and fulfill your dreams . You can do that . I think I can do that , and we are doing that . " Six recording artists are featured on his Web site , and Hodge told the West Palm Beach station that he has already hired seven employees . Read the full report on WPBF Midwest : Iowa town sees trickle-down effect from stimulus Federal stimulus money indirectly helped an air conditioning company bring 110 workers back to its plant in Marshalltown , Iowa , according to KCCI-TV in Des Moines . The town 's economic development director told KCCI that Lennox was able to hire back the workers because of increased demand . "  There 's money from the federal level from tax rebates , and there 's usually always money on the other side from the electric company helping out with tax rebates and most people are saying ` Yes , I want to do that , ' " Joel Akason told the station . Lennox is being cautious in its hiring , Akason told KCCI . Most of the positions are temporary , but 45 are permanent , the station reported . Read the full report on KCCI Around the nation	Baltimore , Maryland will hire 7,000-plus teens to work city jobs FedEx center in Oregon bringing jobs now and in future Man starts record label after losing position as loan officer Lennox plant needs more workers due to pickup in air conditioning business
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch launched a new British tabloid Sunday to replace his disgraced News of the World , seven months after the best-selling Sunday paper was shut down over a phone-hacking and bribery scandal . The "  new " newspaper is n't entirely new -- it 's a Sunday edition of Murdoch 's Sun tabloid , which had been a six-day-a-week paper until now . Its leading editorial on launch day took a defensive tone in discussing the closure of the News of the World . "  The Sun has been a tremendous force for good , " its editors insisted . "  It is worth reminding our readers , and detractors , of that as we publish our historic first Sunday edition . " The parent company of both tabloids , News International , "  closed our sister paper the News of the World over the phone hacking scandal . Since then some of our own journalists have been arrested , though not charged , over allegations of payments to public officials for stories , " the editors said . "  We believe those individuals are innocent until proven guilty , " they said . The first edition of the Sunday tabloid sets a tone like that of its weekday sister , leading with the story of a television presenter 's difficult childbirth and putting a scantily-clad picture of singer Kelly Rowland on page three -- a slot occupied by topless models during the week . Nelson Mandela 's hospitalization at the age of 93 makes page 8 , under the headline "  Nelson Tum Op " and above a picture of actress Kate Winslet in a low-cut dress accepting an acting prize . Under Murdoch , News of the World specialized in undercover investigations and salacious stories that earned it the nickname "  News of the Screws . " But revelations last year that it had paid for the hacking of voice mail messages to murder and terrorism victims and fallen troops , as well as celebrities and politicians , forced the paper to close . Police are running three separate investigations -- into phone hacking , e-mail hacking , and police bribery -- and two parliamentary committees and an independent inquiry are also probing British press practices . Murdoch testified before one of the panels of lawmakers last year , calling it the "  most humble day of his life . " A former spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron , ex-News of the World editor Andy Coulson , is among those arrested . No one has been charged . The Sunday Sun launched with a print run of 3 million , far more than any daily newspaper sells in Britain , but well below the 4.75 million sales for the last issue of News of the World , according to its publisher . News of the World was 168 years old and among the best-selling newspapers in the world when it closed .	The Sun on Sunday launches after News of the World closed in disgrace News of the World was at the center of a hacking and bribery scandal The Sun strikes a defensive tone talking about the scandal in its editorial It 's aiming to replace what was the best-selling paper in Britain
The Hollywood Reporter  Now in its third season , "  House of Cards " has one of those problems that soap operas bump up against all the time : story fatigue . You can only ask your audience to buy into the political shenanigans of Francis Underwood  Kevin Spacey  and wife Claire  Robin Wright  for so long , given the Gumbyesque contortions that the series uses to entertain . That manipulation often comes at the expense of believability -- because "  House of Cards " refuses to restrain itself and often goes , in a parlance that Francis would approve of , balls out in an effort to make the Underwoods ridiculously ruthless and the series ridiculously entertaining . Unfortunately , after holding out against the cruel intrusion of reality , at some point in season two of "  House of Cards , " ridiculous was the key word for pretty much everything in it . "  Do n't Be Gentle : " 10 Ruthless Quotes From ` House of Cards ' Season 3 That would n't be much of a problem if "  House of Cards " was , like a true soap opera , keenly aware of its reputation  like , say , "  Scandal "  . Meaning , if "  House of Cards " really believed that its ridiculousness was a wink-wink at the audience , its diversions from believability would n't be so troubling . Instead , "  House of Cards " has been the poster series for both the popularity of Netflix as a streaming service with strong original content and as a big player for the service at awards shows . It takes itself very seriously . In that role , "  House of Cards " is often touted as a prestige drama a la "  Breaking Bad , " "  Mad Men " and "  The Americans , " among others . But if season two proved anything , with its collapsing parade of paper tigers standing up to Frank 's quest for ultimate power , it 's that the series is far more entertaining than it is great . Power wielded by a ruthless married couple as they sack Washington D.C. is a pretty fun thing to behold , soapy as it is racing toward the assured victory , the stakes-free gamble . There just was n't much gravitas in the midst of it as the bubbles got in your eyes . I 'm certainly fine with "  House of Cards " being that show . If you buy into it as a sweet , sparkling wine to be guzzled without care as you binge your way through it , that seems very apropos of what you 're getting . The danger is confusing it with actual Champagne . It 's not that . Awards shows are still making this qualitatively dubious connection  as they 've done to an even worse degree with another soap opera , "  Downton Abbey "  . I worry that the creative forces behind "  House of Cards " will blindly accept the accolades and not address the more glaring issues critics  and fans  began harping on in season two . Early episodes of the third season of "  House of Cards " indicate a change of direction might be afoot , though plenty of worry remains that this will be only temporary and the Underwoods will continue to fool and rule the world with the ease of master puppeteers as the season goes forward . But at least in the early going , creator Beau Willimon and the many executive producers with a hand in this series seem to agree that maybe the Underwoods , now known as the President and First Lady of the United States , need to hit some road blocks that they ca n't immediately get around . ` House of Cards ' Showrunner on Leak : Fans Have n't "  Figured Everything Out " A series like "  House of Cards " has a lot of twists to be spoiled , but there 's no point in doing that here -- a good soap keeps the twists coming and that 's what the audience wants . But at least in dealing with the basic moving parts of the series , it 's safe to say being President and First Lady is n't as easy or as satisfying as Frank and Claire expected . Both want more . Frank wants , naturally , to avoid being a placeholder president and focus on getting reelected . But everything he 's tried in office -- and most of it has been ambitious -- has eroded his approval ratings . Times are tough . He 's not being very effective and Democrats are dubious as to whether he 's the face of the future , especially as the Republicans are lining up in solidarity behind Hector Mendoza  Benito Martinez  . For her part , Claire -- in a storyline that harkens back to the Clinton years -- is n't satisfied just being First Lady . She wants to lead and do something . She wants to be political because that 's what 's in her blood . And in a lovely reflection of their odd relationship , Claire has no qualms in telling Frank that if he 's going down in the next election , she plans to ascend at the same time . Power and politics -- these two understand it , even if it means telling the other that you 'll carry on if they fall . After all the cream-puff politicians and supposedly brilliant strategists that the Underwoods have fooled all too easily in the first two seasons , a little payback and a little failure plays well for "  House of Cards . " However , the worry remains that now that they have the ultimate seats in politics , Frank and Claire wo n't go down without swinging and , in true "  House of Cards " fashion , will hit and destroy everything they swing at . If that unbelievable sense of dramatic stakes returns , "  House of Cards " will find itself in a scandal about how good it really is . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Early episodes of the third season indicate a change of direction might be afoot Being President and First Lady is n't as easy or as satisfying as Frank and Claire expected After the Underwoods ' smooth climb to power , a little payback and failure plays well
CNN  -- There has been much speculation about whether the ads that President Barack Obama 's campaign and its supporters have been running that are critical of Mitt Romney 's tenure at Bain Capital will be effective . There is also lots of critiquing of the reasons and effectiveness of first lady Michelle Obama 's appearances on talk shows and reality shows  "  The Biggest Loser , " "  Late Show With David Letterman , " "  The Daily Show , " etc.  . But something I saw last night indicates the Bain ads are starting to have an effect , and that women view Michelle Obama as a positive -- a conduit to the president . I was invited to sit in remotely on two focus groups of so-called "  Wal-Mart " moms in Richmond , Virginia , and Las Vegas . Both groups -- 23 women , in all -- were screened to ensure the moms were not strong partisans on either side , and most identified themselves as independents and undecided . The Las Vegas group was all Latinas . It was a fascinating exercise that confirmed just how tight the presidential campaign will be . But what struck me most was that while Mitt Romney is still largely an unknown with these women -- and as such still has room and opportunity to define himself -- many of them said they did not like what they had heard described from ads about his time as head of Bain Capital . They gave him kudos for being a businessman , saying that would be a good attribute for a president in creating jobs , but they also underscored what they had heard in the ads that had been running in their hometowns . They used phrases like "  I heard that while he was the head of a company , many workers lost their jobs ... " "  That scares me . " When asked to use one word or phrase to describe Romney , the words or phrases they used included "  Do n't know that much about him , " "  selfish , "  businessman who is concerned with making himself some money , " "  concerned about the wealthy , " "  ca n't be trusted , " "  scares me , " and "  lackluster " -- again , echoing some of what is being said in the Bain ads around the country . They did admire him for being a "  good family man , " and some of the women appreciated his corporate success but others followed up with "  the country is more than a business ... a country has to take care of its people . " Sound familiar ? Some also gave him credit for having passed a health care plan in Massachusetts , one he is now running away from on the campaign trail . Opinion : ` Anti-business ' label could hurt Obama 's chances So while in the minds of many of these women , Mitt Romney is largely undefined , what they apparently do know and feel about him seems to echo those Bain ads -- and look to represent a beginning sketch of someone they can not trust . To be clear , these women were not in the tank for Obama -- but that was the whole point for the exercise to begin with . Many have been disappointed with his "  lack of keeping his promises , " and many said they have n't seen the change that he talked about so much in 2008 . When asked to use a word or phrase to describe Obama , they used "  false promises , " "  not a lot of change , " "  big government . " But by and large , the women in both of these groups would then follow up with phrases or explanations that would seem to indicate they understood just how difficult a situation he was handed when he came into office . Many stated "  he ca n't do it in three years , " or "  he has been productive but he is hitting walls , " and "  he came into a big mess and has made some improvements . " It seemed very fertile ground for the Obama campaign to make the FDR argument also used by President George W. Bush 2004 , the one about not changing horses midstream . Based on their words , these women were most concerned about the economy , jobs and housing . And again , words associated with Romney , such as "  concerned for the wealthy , " seemed to indicate a disconnect with what families were struggling with . Interestingly , neither group had any idea what the "  gender gap " was . But as they were led in a conversation about issues important to women -- which were inextricably linked to the economy and concern for the health and future of their children -- women in both groups volunteered that Michelle Obama was someone to further the interests of women and their families . The president "  listens to Michelle , " they said . Some in the Latina mom group went further and said that Michelle Obama 's interests are their interests because she is a woman and a minority . And because of this , the president would make sure their interests are represented . In their eyes , she was them . There is no doubt there are opportunities here for Romney to work on filling in the blanks , because there are many . But if the old adage is right , that in politics you need to define yourself before your opponent does , then the Romney campaign will need to more fully explain his time at Bain , including why he made millions even as he fired workers and closed companies , denying workers their health care and pensions . Because right now , what has the potential to sink in is an image of Mitt Romney as head of Bain Capital . That , at least with this small sliver of moms in key battleground states , is one that scares them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona	Maria Cardona says she observed two focus groups of women asked about candidates She says most still know little of Romney ; many thought he put business before people She says ads tying him to job losses , takeovers while he was at Bain Capital are working Cardona : The women think the first lady would represent their interests
Paris  CNN  -- With his razor-sharp cheekbones and youthful appearance , Olivier Rousteing looks like he could be fresh out of design school . Instead , the 28-year-old is at the helm of one of the most venerable fashion houses in the world -- Balmain . Since taking over in 2011 , the Bordeaux-born prodigy has been credited with bringing a fresh , popular-culture aesthetic to the house , while staying true to its spirit and tradition . His richly embroidered , luxurious designs have earned him legions of fans , and his so-called "  Balmain Army " of supporters includes some of the most glamorous women in the world , from Naomi Campbell to Rosie Huntington-Whitely . Rousteing , who at 25 was the youngest creative director of a Parisian label since the legendary Yves Saint Laurent took the top job at Christian Dior in the 1950s , has also been hailed as a champion of diversity , casting mixed-race and Asian models in his catwalk shows and advertising campaigns . The designer tells CNN about his love of "  wonder women , " the meaning of luxury , and his friendship with his muse , Rihanna . CNN : What is at the heart of the Balmain DNA ? Olivier Rousteing : Pierre Balmain has always been a big designer like Christian Dior or Monsieur Saint Laurent , and when I had this opportunity to take  on  the house I just felt so flattered ... it was an honor for me . And at the same time I wanted to bring back the archives because Pierre Balmain was known for the Jolie Madame silhouette , amazing tailoring and the most incredible embroideries , but I wanted to twist it with my edge , my generation . And I was excited to express all these feelings -- all my culture I had today with all the past of the house which is so huge and so interesting and impressive . CNN : How does your style differ from former creative director Christophe Decarnin ? OR : I learned a lot from Christophe . And when I was working at Balmain as an assistant and managing the studio , my job was translating everything he wanted in a fashion way . But Christophe was from another age , another generation , loving different muses and icons . He was more into Kate Moss , rock and roll and Sex Pistols , the 1980s . What I loved about him was all the sex appeal that he wanted to introduce to the house . But my generation is all hip hop , a different culture . Even top models that inspire me did n't inspire him -- it is just a matter of generation . And I think what is important for me today is underlining the luxury of the house , maybe less jeans , less street wear , but keeping the DNA of Pierre Balmain and pushing the embroideries and the craftsmanship because this is something that I think is part of me , and part of the house at the same time . CNN : What is it about Rihanna that inspired you ? OR : Rihanna has been my muse from the beginning . I have been listening to her albums since I was young and followed her career . I love women and I love wonder women -- those kind of women who have no boundaries and no  limits  and have this power to express themselves . And I had the chance to meet her two years ago and it was love at first sight -- literally . She showed me how to believe in myself and push the boundaries and limits at the same time keeping control of your life and that I think is the best I could learn from her . CNN : Did you feel pressure for your first show for Balmain in 2011 ? OR : Actually , I think the first show is the easiest one because you do n't know what you expect . But the first minute that I went out on the runway I just realized that my life is going to change . From the second show you realize what it means to be a creative director -- you are more exposed and people do n't see you just as a designer -- your personality is really important and they sometimes do n't judge you only on your clothes . CNN : What has been the greatest advantage -- and hindrance -- of your youth in this industry ? OR : For me it is really important not to lose faith . When you are a baby you just dream to be the President -- you dream to be Miss Universe or whatever -- you do n't have boundaries . And I think youth helps  me  to just believe and think there are no boundaries and no  limits  . If I had this job at 45 or 40 , I do n't think I would do the same clothes , I do n't think I would express myself in the same way and thanks to my youth I believe so much and I push my boundaries so strongly . CNN : Is it hard to stay grounded ? OR : No , because I am close to people who are true and down to earth , and so for me it 's not like , ` Oh I am only with celebrities or the woman who is 60 and wearing my clothes . ' I have met so many celebrities who are arrogant and hardcore -- they are not my friends . I am just a simple person and maybe it seems weird to say that but sometimes the greatest luxury is to remain true to yourself . CNN : Tell us about your love of Instagram . OR : What is important in my career and my way of being a designer is Instagram . Obviously people see I am selling a dress at $ 25,000 and that I have this life with celebrities , taking flights all the time ... but with my Instagram people can realize who I am . I can wake up and do a selfie in my flat , go to the gym like 75 % of the population , you know , just be normal ! CNN : Talk about the inspiration behind this collection . OR : When Rihanna came to my after party last winter she was dressed in my leather skirt a beautiful see-through top , and she was kind of naked underneath . That inspired the whole collection . But it is a happy , joyful collection showing the state of my mind today . I am enjoying my work , I am celebrating my youth , my generation . There is a lot of work behind it , still keeping the couture element , still keeping this dreamy thing that I always have . CNN : What are the last minute preparations in the atelier ahead of the show like ? OR : I 'm really a control freak ! At Balmain , everything needs to come five days before -- that is my limit . But it is still very last minute but really exciting because obviously we get some  pieces  that are really well done , but with others you are like , ` Oh my God , I need to redo it ! ' I have an amazing team that believes in me and the brand . CNN : What , for you , is the sign of success ? OR : When people who I am close to tell me that something is good . You know , in fashion you ca n't trust too many people . But the people who you trust , you can be sure of , and they are going to tell you the truth , when it 's bad and when it 's good and that 's what I want . But the most important thing is to please myself . If you are sure of yourself , if you like your show people are also going to love it . Look : Paris Fashion Week in photos	Balmain 's creative director Olivier Rousteing has brought a note of hip-hop to the venerable house He has been the youngest creative director of a Parisian fashion house since Yves Saint Laurent Rousteing cites Rihanna as his muse and inspiration behind the latest collection
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Thirteen people were killed and 90 wounded in clashes between Coptic Christians and Muslims in Cairo , state-run Egyptian television reported Wednesday . The clashes broke out Tuesday after Copts took to the streets to protest last week 's burning of a church . Earlier , Egypt 's health minister , Dr. Ashraf Hatem , said the death toll was at nine . Coptic Church spokesman Father Abdelmaseeh Baseet reported six deaths previously Wednesday and said all the victims were Christians . The Egyptian military has launched an investigation into the violence , said Mohamed Askar , armed services spokesman . Those involved in "  the incitement of sectarian hatred or involved in the acts of violence " will be held accountable "  to the full extent of the law , " he said . A feud between a Muslim and a Coptic family is said to have led to the church burning in Helwan province last week . In recent weeks , tensions have been high between Egypt 's Muslim majority and its Coptic minority . A Coptic church in the town of Alexandria was bombed on New Year 's Day , killing 23 people . The Palestinian Islamic Army , which has links to al Qaeda , claimed responsibility for what was the deadliest attack on Christians in Egypt in some time -- but far from the only one . Ten days later , a gunman killed a Christian man and wounded five other Christians on a train in Egypt . Also in January , a man was sentenced for his part in an attack on another Coptic church a year ago , Egypt 's state-run Al Ahram newspaper reported . About 9 % of Egypt 's 80 million residents are Coptic Christians . They base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . The religion split with other Christians in the fifth century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ .	NEW : The death toll is at 13 , according to state-run television The Egyptian military is launching an investigation Egypt 's health minister says 90 were wounded The clashes break out after Copts protest a church burning
CNN  -- The checkered flag has only just fallen on the final Formula One race of the year in Brazil but the sport 's top car designer is already predicting a spicy 2014 season . Adrian Newey is the man behind the Red Bull racer that has powered Sebastian Vettel and the team to four straight world championships . But the Englishman is not taking Red Bull 's dominance for granted as major rule changes loom on the horizon . Next year , each team must package its car around a new turbo engine as well as complying with aerodynamic rule changes which will mainly affect the design of the cars ' front and rear wings . "  The aerodynamic changes are big , " explained Newey to Formula1.com . "  But they are smaller than the changes we had in 2009 . "  So yes , there is the chance that one team comes up with a car that is better than their rivals ' , but on top of that you have the engine changes . "  What is absolutely unclear is whether one engine manufacturer will be able to come up with a significant advantage . "  But the car that will brush aside all others will be a car having the combination of good engine and good chassis -- if one side is letting you down you will have a problem . "  Who will come up with the ideal combination ? That 's the big guessing game for all of us and will add spice to the 2014 season . " Red Bull will continue to be powered by Renault while Mercedes and Ferrari will pit their new 1.6-litre , V6 engines against the French engine manufacturer . The 2014 cars will also rely on more hybrid power harvested from Energy Recovery Systems  ERS  . While these elements of the car are out of Newey 's hands , the Englishman , who says he has received offers to join rival teams , remains in charge of Red Bull 's car design as the team 's chief technical officer . There has already been speculation within the sport that the 2014 cars will be less easy on the eye than this season 's sleek racers . It 's a theory that also irks Newey , who still uses a drawing board to sketch out the design of his peerless machines . "  Ideally the car is fast and has a stylish design , " the former Williams and McLaren designer continued . "  But everybody in the paddock will give a fast car preference over an attractive car -- that 's the way it is . "  Yes , for me it would be good if a bit more consideration was given to aesthetics in the drafting of the regulations . But fast is paramount over beauty . " Newey and his team of more than 100 engineers have been working on Red Bull 's 2014 for many months , even while juggling the demands of winning current championships . Amazing brain But the Englishman , rated as the sport 's leading car designer , was still willing to share some tips on preparing for a major rule change -- even if there could be a slight danger that rivals such as Ferrari , Mercedes and McLaren might just pinch some of his ideas . "  The first thing that you do is to read the regulations -- very , very carefully , " he explained . "  You try to read what they actually say , rather than what they intend to say , as this is not always the same thing . "  After that I 'm actually breaking it down into bite-size chunks . Then you try to understand from the regulations the aerodynamic and mechanical packaging that appears to be the best solutions for those different areas . "  You go away and research them and at some point try to bring it all back together again . For me that is the important bit : the end product should be a whole and not pieces thrown together into one cluster . "  Does it still look a good idea after 24 hours ? That decides whether it gets a tick or a cross . "  Actually , you develop a sensibility for that procedure . The brain is an amazing thing : you might be doing something completely different -- maybe making a cup of tea -- and suddenly you know right from wrong ! " The most coveted designer in Formula One will find out whether he has got it right or wrong when testing for the new season begins next January .	Red Bull car designer Adrian Newey says 2014 rule changes will spice up new season He says it is a "  guessing game " which team will have best engine/chassis combination Newey says he would like the rules to consider car aesthetics more than they do Englishman says he has a "  24-hour " rule he applies to all his design ideas
CNN  -- Agnieszka Radwanska faces a nervous wait to see if she will make the WTA Tour Championships after losing to Czech Lucie Safarova in the second round of the Kremlin Cup Wednesday . Victory for the pole would have seen her qualify as the eighth and final player , but Safarova battled to a 6-4 4-6 6-4 win in Moscow . France 's Marion Bartoli , seeded fourth at the tournament , can now pip Radwanska if she takes the title Sunday . The 22-year-old Radwanska came into the event off the back of claiming titles in Japan and China , but continued her poor run against Safarova , who is now 4-1 in their clashes . Safarova will now play Russia 's Vera Dushevina , who beat compatriot Nadia Petrova 6-2 7-6 . Earlier , top seed and home favorite Vera Zvonareva cruised into the quarterfinals with a 6-1 6-1 win over Serbian teenager Bojana Jovanovski in just 64 minutes . "  I took into consideration all of the mistakes I made in my previous meeting with Jovanovski at this year 's Australian Open , " Zvonareva said . Zvonareva had taken three sets to win their clash at the opening grand slam of the season . But Italian Francesca Schiavone , the 2009 champion , went out , losing 6-4 5-7 7-6 to Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi . In the men 's ATP tournament being run at the same time , defending champion and second seed Viktor Troicki of Serbia cruised through his opening match with a 6-4 6-4 win over Spain 's Pere Riba . Russia 's fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko , a three-time champion , saw off compatriot Teimuraz Gabashvili 7-5 6-2 and will next face Germany 's Michael Berrer , who shocked Italy 's eighth seed Andreas Seppi 4-6 6-3 6-2 .	Agnieszka Radwanska crashes out of Kremlin Cup to Lucie Safarova Pole Radwanksa misses chance to seal spot in WTA Championsips Marion Bartoli can claim final place if she wins Kremlin Cup Defending men 's champion Viktor Troicki eases to opening victory over Pere Riba
CNN  -- If you go down to the "  Woods " today , you 're sure of a big surprise -- and if anyone tries to spoil it , my advice would be to shut them up quick . Believe me , you do n't want to know . But this is a movie people are going to need to talk about , so if you 're at all invested in horror movies -- what they are , what they 're for , what they can be -- you best see this one quick , and steer clear of Tumblr until you have . What can I tell you without saying too much ? For starters , you have to know that this is the first feature directed by Drew Goddard , a writer from the "  Buffy , " "  Angel , " "  Lost " school , based on a screenplay he co-wrote with the considerably famous "  Buffy " , "  Firefly " , "  Angel " creator Joss Whedon . Fans of those shows wo n't be disappointed by these horror hipsters ' acidic , postmodern designs on one of the movie industry 's hoariest , least respected staples . Whedon also wrote "  Toy Story " of course -- which may be why the wild , nutso finale seems to owe a debt to another Pixar movie ... but let 's not go there . The outline is as crude as the title suggests : Hollywood has been telling us to be afraid of the backwoods at least since "  The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , " and "  Deliverance "  before that , it was the old dark manse on the hill  . By now the homespun log cabin is more likely to evoke the evil undead than Honest Abe . But just as the clever poster image puts its own twist on the familiar picture , transforming the house into a kind of spinning Rubik 's Cube , Goddard 's movie quickly puts its own distinctive kink on horror clichÃ © s. By quickly , I mean from the very first scene , which wittily undercuts the portentous opening music and sets up the movie 's first puzzle : how do the casually smug , cynical lab-coated technicians played by Bradley Whitford and Richard Jenkins relate to the five bright , sexy college kids we see taking off for a cousin 's countryside retreat ? You could probably figure it out : there are only so many permutations available after all . But then again , you would probably be wrong . "  The Cabin in the Woods " does n't just keep us on our toes , it chops them off at the knee with a rusty scythe . How spoiler culture  mostly  spared ` The Cabin in the Woods ' Goddard winks at horror 's soiled conventions , but does n't denigrate his characters by resorting to camp  well , except perhaps in the scary fundamentalist redneck the kids encounter when they try to buy gas  . One of the questions he wants to explore is how much free will we want to see in a human sacrifice . Or put it another way : If you give a puppet enough rope , will he hang himself ? Thus , Kristen Connolly 's sympathetic Dana -- not quite a virgin , but clearly the designated "  good girl " -- is something more than just the sum of her body parts  even if she is upstaged by a dismembered arm in one scene  , and Fran Kranz 's witty pot-head conspiracy theorist is such an engaging personality the movie risks deflating without him . Yes , they 're archetypes , but they 're not stereotypes -- the dialogue is always a notch or three smarter and snappier than you 'd expect . Maybe -- if we 're being picky -- this is all too self-consciously clever to be truly scary on the visceral , soul-gnawing level of the most unforgettable horror films . But there 's no question that this is one of the most entertaining and invigorating shockers in recent years . It 's also one of the best movies of 2012 so far , in any genre .	"  Cabin in the Woods ' " is directed by Drew Goddard and co-written by Joss Whedon The movie offers quite a few twists and turns on the horror genre Critic : The film does n't just keep us on our toes , it chops them off
CNN  -- There are many reasons why Roz Savage is an extraordinary woman -- she has rowed single-handed across the Atlantic and is now tackling the Pacific , after all . Life changer : From successful career to ocean rower , Savage has been an inspiration for many . But her response to everyday commuter ennui is perhaps of the most remarkable things about her . Back in 2000 a 33-year-old Roz was facing another dreary journey by train to the office . She had a great job as a management consultant , money and a husband ; but deep down she knew something was missing . So , instead of just burying her feelings , she wrote two obituaries of herself . In one she kept going with life as it was . In the other she took a jump into the unknown and did the things she 'd always wanted to . From that moment on her life has never been the same . "  One-by-one , I shed the trappings of my old life , " she writes on her web site . "  The job , the husband , the home , the little red sports car . I moved house with increasing regularity , wherever I could find cheap or preferably free accommodation . "  Little by little I began to realign my life , to put myself on track for the obituary I really wanted . " Eventually she settled on the challenge that would in many ways define her : rowing the Atlantic single handed . It was , of course , incredibly hard , both physically and mentally . She had done some rowing while at the University of Oxford -- but the open ocean was a different challenge altogether . But she emerged a tougher , happier person on the other side , and is now deep into her new attempt to row the Pacific , a journey she hopes to use to raise awareness of environmental issues . The courage she has found , both to take on the might of the open ocean and give up safe , conventional notions of success to pursue her dreams has made Roz a hero to many people that hope to find inspiration in her life -- including a large number of CNN.com readers who have nominated her as a "  Green Inspiration " . "  I feel a little embarrassed about it -- that must be the British in me ! " she told CNN from the middle of the Pacific Ocean . "  I certainly do n't see myself as any kind of hero , just a human being trying to be the best human she can be . But at the same time I want to reach out to as many people as I can , because I wish I 'd had more positive role models to show me how good life can be , and if I can inspire just a few people to change their lives for the better , I 'll feel I 've lived a very blessed life . " Rowing across the Pacific Ocean On her journey she keeps the many people following her up to date with regular blog posts on her website . Posts range from the personal to the global , the reality of life on the open waves to plastic pollution , the North Pacific Garbage Patch , and how people could reduce the amount of waste they generate . "  I try to offer my life as an example of what can be done when a very ordinary person decides to do something out of the ordinary , " she said . "  I love my life , and want to show people how much fun it can be when you get out there and grab life by the horns . It would be very selfish of me to keep this fantastic discovery to myself ! "  Every time I get a comment on my blog from someone who says they have changed their life as a result of reading about me and my adventures -- anything from composting their kitchen scraps to quitting their job to start out on an adventure of their own -- it gives me a huge warm glow of accomplishment . And it makes me feel even better when they tell me how much fun they are having doing it . Because that is what life is all about . " But adventure does n't have to involve months alone in a rowing boat , with only sea birds , the sun and the wind for company . "  Everybody is different , and will find their own way , " she said . "  For me , at the time when I decided to row oceans , I felt the need for a dramatic contrast to the very conventional life I 'd had before , and ocean rowing seemed to fit the bill . I do think that you learn things about yourself in extreme situations that you would n't learn in less testing circumstances . "  But the situation does n't have to be physically extreme . Parenthood , starting a new business , moving to a new town or a new country -- these are all ways to put yourself in a challenging new environment where you have to throw away your old preconceptions about what is or is not possible , and try out new approaches . " Ever action has an effect Roz 's advice for anyone stuck in a rut is do n't be afraid to fail . If you know what you want to do , then do n't be intimidated . Write a list of what you can do to achieve your goals . If there seems to be things on it you ca n't do yet , then Roz says it is n't detailed enough -- any task can be broken down into achievable steps . "  Everything is a learning experience if you allow it to be . I keep a journal -- on land and at sea -- and this really helps me to learn from my experiences , " she said . At the core of her mission in the Pacific is a belief that we can not only transform our own lives through our actions , but our relationship to the natural world around us as well . "  There has been so much bad news about environmental issues that I think some people feel overwhelmed , " she said . "  But there is something we can all do to make a difference -- and it all adds up . "  It 's about more than just using a re-usable bag , or picking up a piece of trash from a beach . It 's about an attitude and a way of thinking . "  Every action has effects beyond the action itself -- other people will see what you are doing and follow your example . It 's the ripple effect . And if we all pull together , we can make a world of difference . " Fundamentally , her message is that life is for living and we learn as much from failure as success if we are open-minded and positive . "  My life now is so much more fulfilling and fun , and I 'm incredibly glad I took that leap of faith . There is nothing special about me that made me able to do it . If I can do it , anybody can -- if they want to . "  Get out there , live life large , make the world a better place -- and have fun ! " Send us an email and tell us who you think deserves to be recognized as a Green Inspiration	British woman swapped career for adventurous life and raising eco awareness Rowed solo across Atlantic ; now attempting same feat across the Pacific Ocean Her positive message has been inspirational to many across the world "  I do n't see myself as a hero , just a human being trying to be the best she can be "
Hong Kong  CNN  On the Korean peninsula , the jittery season is here . Joint military exercises conducted by South Korea and the United States each spring start this week . The drills , involving thousands of troops and state of the art military hardware , do n't go down well with North Korea . It fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the East Sea , also known as the Sea of Japan , on Monday morning after slamming the exercises as "  dangerous nuclear war drills for invading the DPRK . " "  Each year , Pyongyang complains and demands a stop to these annual exercises , which it claims to be offensive in nature , " said Sung-Yoon Lee , a professor of Korean studies at Tufts University . "  North Korea has complained vociferously at least over the past quarter century . " So what 's at stake ? We take a closer look at the drills and the tensions that surround them . The United States and South Korea stress that the exercises , named Foal Eagle and Key Reserve , are defensive and non-provocative in nature . The North Korean regime , however , does n't see it that way , and its state media has characterized the drills as rehearsals for an attack . Leader Kim Jong Un called for full combat readiness and oversaw military facilities , according to KCNA . "  The North Koreans , being paranoid in their own way , have always had this concern : ` If there is going to be an invasion , this would be the time , ' " said Philip Yun , executive director of the Ploughshares Fund , a group that advocates nuclear disarmament . "  But that 's not the intent on the U.S.-South Korean side . " In March 2013 , the North Korean military went as far as claiming that the United States was carrying out the drills with the aim "  to mount a preemptive nuclear strike together with its South Korean puppet forces . " Playing up the threat also helps the North Korean leadership 's propaganda efforts to control the population of the isolated nation , according to Yun . As well as providing practice for the forces involved , the exercises send a message that the United States "  would defend South Korea in the case of a North Korean invasion , " said Tong Kim , a visiting scholar at the U.S.-Korea Institute , part of Johns Hopkins University . Usually , with a lot of angry rhetoric and a series of weapons tests . Near the start of the year , North Korea typically demands the cancellation of the exercises . Threats of doom and the firing of short-range rockets or missiles into the sea tend to become routine as the military exercises approach . That was underscored this year on February 8 when North Korea fired five short-range missiles into the East Sea , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . The barrage into the waters , also known as the Sea of Japan , came just a day after the North announced it had successfully tested a "  cutting-edge " anti-ship missile . The U.S. and South Korean militaries announced Tuesday that the exercises will run from March 2 to April 24 . Some furious statements from North Korea followed , including a statement on KCNA that the drills were a smokscreen to "  to cover up their surprise invasion of the north . " Pyongyang 's outrage ignores the fact that its forces carry out their own drills each winter that analysts view as offensively minded . Yes , amid nuclear negotiations with Pyongyang in early and mid-1990s , Washington held off on the drills several times . "  There is precedent , we have done this before , " said Yun . But he qualified that "  circumstances have changed significantly since that period of time . " North Korea has determinedly pressed on with its nuclear weapons program , thumbing its nose at the international outcry . It has carried out a series of underground tests and launching long-range rockets that could be used as intercontinental missiles . In January , Pyongyang suggested it would halt nuclear tests if the United States canceled the joint drills , drawing a sharp response from Marie Harf , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman . "  The offer , as I understand it , which we see as an implicit threat , is for the U.S. to stop doing something that is routine , that is transparent , that is defensive in nature , and that is annual ... in exchange for the North Koreans not doing something that is prohibited under multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions and that they are not supposed to be doing , " Harf said . "  That 's really a false choice here . " The tone was set by North Korea 's long-range rocket test in December 2012 , followed by its third nuclear test two months later . The United Nations responded with sanctions , and Pyongyang continued to ramp up its threats of nuclear war against South Korea and the United States . One North Korean government website even uploaded a YouTube video showing an imaginary missile attack on Washington . The U.S. decision to fly B-2 stealth bombers , which are capable of carrying nuclear weapons , over the region only served to further antagonize North Korea amid the annual military drills . "  That was a really bad escalation of the tensions in the Korean peninsula , " Tong Kim said of the period . But Pyongyang 's decisions to carry out the rocket launch and nuclear test were most likely carefully timed , according to Yun , who was part of U.S. teams that negotiated with North Korea under former President Bill Clinton . "  They game everything out . They do n't do things off the cuff for the most part , " he said of the North Koreans . "  If they 're going to do something very provocative , they have an extensive decision tree laying out many options . " The moves appeared to be aimed at advancing North Korea 's technology and making Kim Jong Un , still a relatively new leader , look strong inside the country , Yun said . They also coincided with political transitions in South Korea , China and Japan . Predicting the secretive North Korean regime 's next move is a notoriously difficult game . Last spring , its behavior was less provocative than in 2013 , although it did fire off a series of weapons that included medium-range ballistic missiles . Tong Kim said that he did n't expect a new nuclear test or long-range missile launch this year , but that short-range missile firings could be a possibility . An escalation of rhetoric around the military exercises is also likely . Lee was less optimistic about the near future , saying that , if a major provocation takes place , "  no one should be surprised . " "  North Korea has shown itself to be calculating and strategically minded , " he said . "  There 's a political need to raise the stakes , there 's probably a technical need to test a long-range missile or a nuclear test -- it 's been a couple of years . " Yun said he was concerned that a miscalculation in an already sensitive area , like the disputed waters off the Korean peninsula 's west coast , could lead to a rapid escalation of tensions . "  There are a lot of things that can happen with a significant number of military assets around and on the peninsula , " he said . Kim Jong Un is "  similar in action but stronger in rhetoric " than his father , Tong Kim said . "  Except that North Korea under Kim Jong Un has newer and more formidable weapons . " Some of the techniques seen under Kim Jong Un certainly recall those employed during his father 's rule . During the tensions in early 2013 , North Korea declared that the armistice agreement that halted the Korean War in 1953 was no longer valid . The announcement sounded unsettling , but North Korea had already said in 2009 that its military was no longer bound by the armistice because South Korea was joining a U.S.-led anti-proliferation plan . In 2013 , the North also tried using the silent treatment , cutting off a military hotline with the South . That was similar to an approach it had adopted in 2009 when it stopped responding to calls after the military exercises started . But during 14 years of Kim Jong Il 's rule , the United States and South Korea "  had a track record of what North Korea would do and a sense of what to expect , " Yun said . "  Kim Jong Un was new , you did n't know how far he would go , which added to the uncertainty . "	Thousands of U.S. and South Korean troops are preparing to conduct their annual military drills North Korea views them as provocative despite carrying out its own military exercises Analysts believe Pyongyang uses the "  threat " from the drills for its own propaganda efforts at home
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Alcatraz Island was a chilly , unwelcoming place once reserved for infamous criminals . Not even the federal government appeared to want it after the penitentiary closed in the 1960s . Adam Fortunate Eagle remembers "  The Rock " a little more warmly : a place where fellow Native Americans took a stand that may have helped end the U.S. policy of tribal assimilation . Forty years ago Friday , dozens of Native Americans -- mostly California college students -- boated to the largely abandoned island in San Francisco Bay , starting an unarmed occupation that lasted nearly 19 months and captured the attention of media around the world . A revolving group of Native Americans held the island from November 20 , 1969 , to June 10 , 1971 , staying in the former penitentiary buildings without running water , phone service and , for part of the time , electricity . "  We changed the whole course of history , not only for the island , but for the government and its relationship with the Indians , " Fortunate Eagle , who helped organize the occupiers but did n't stay on the island , said during a visit there with a CNN crew . The initial group demanded control of Alcatraz so it could develop several Indian institutions , such as a center of Native American studies , a spiritual center and a museum , partly as replacements for a San Francisco Indian center that had burned down . The island was ready for the taking . The federal government , which closed Alcatraz 's prison in 1963 , considered the island surplus property , though there were moves to find a private buyer , said Craig Glassner , a U.S. National Park Service ranger on Alcatraz . But another motive for the occupation was the government 's general treatment of Indians . The U.S. 16 years earlier had begun a policy of terminating Indian reservations and relocating the inhabitants to urban areas . " -LSB- The Alcatraz occupiers -RSB- wanted to focus attention on broken treaties , broken promises and termination of tribal areas , " said Professor Troy Johnson , chairman of the American Indian studies program at California State University , Long Beach , and author of several publications on the occupation . The landing party -- calling itself Indians of All Tribes -- was led by Richard Oakes , a Native American and student at what was then San Francisco State College . Many of his comrades were Native American college students he recruited , largely from the University of California , Los Angeles , Johnson said . The government warned the occupiers to leave , and for three days the U.S. Coast Guard tried to blockade the island . But humor -- and the Bay Area 's counterculture climate -- would work for the trespassers . Fortunate Eagle , who said he generally remained at his Bay Area home but helped the occupiers with logistics , released a public declaration of the group 's intentions . In it , he took shots at European explorers of centuries past , saying the group members claimed Alcatraz by right of discovery and that they would pay for the island with $ 24 worth of goods . "  The liberal people of San Francisco -LSB- and -RSB- Oakland , the Bay Area ... they loved what we were doing because we used satire and humor , " Fortunate Eagle , now 80 , recalled . The press covered the occupation , and the public began delivering supplies by boat -- ignoring the blockade , he said . The FBI intended to remove the occupiers , but the White House told it to back off and ordered an end to the blockade , Johnson said . In time , other Native Americans would join the occupation , with the high population point coming on Thanksgiving 1969 , with 400 people , Fortunate Eagle said . Fortunate Eagle 's daughter , Asha Nordwall , was 15 at the time . She said she remembers staying at the island on weekends , choosing for fun -- as other kids did -- to sleep in the old penitentiary 's cells while adults generally slept in buildings meant for the prison 's staff . "  We were just kind of happy to be a part of all these Indians coming from everywhere , " Nordwall said . The population changed over time , with newcomers from across the country boating in and veterans departing . One of them was now-TV and film actor Benjamin Bratt , who as a child arrived with his siblings and mother , who is a Quechua native from Peru . "  Forty years later , Native people still recognize the occupation for what it was and remains : a seminal event in American history that brought the plight of American Indians to the world 's attention , " Bratt and his brother Peter said in a statement . "  It 's easy to pass off the Alcatraz event as largely symbolic , but the truth is the spirit and dream of Alcatraz never died , it simply found its way to other fights , " the Bratt brothers said . "  Native sovereignty , repatriation , environmental justice , the struggle for basic human rights -- these are the issues Native people were fighting for then , and are the same things we are fighting for today . " In January 1970 , Oakes , the leader on the island , left for good after his stepdaughter fell down a stairwell to her death , Johnson wrote in an account of the occupation posted on the National Park Service Web site for Alcatraz . Oakes himself would die in a shooting unrelated to the occupation in 1972 , Johnson said . In 1971 , authorities decided to end the occupation by going in when the group was at its smallest . Police and federal agents removed 15 people on June 10 , nearly 19 months after the occupation began , Johnson wrote in the online account . The occupiers did n't get their demands . But President Nixon ended the U.S. tribal termination policy in June 1970 , while they still were on the island . This was a result of the public spotlight that the occupation put on Indian issues , Johnson and Glassner said . "  It might have happened anyway , but Alcatraz had the attention of the nation , and it led to those changes being initiated in the White House , " Glassner said . Today the island is part of the National Park Service , hosting hundreds of thousands of people for tours each year . Fortunate Eagle , who now lives on a reservation in Nevada , said the occupation was the most significant event in Native American history since the 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn : "  It brought the Indian issues to the forefront of the public awareness . " CNN 's Kristopher Campa contributed to this report .	Native Americans occupied Alcatraz for 19 months , starting in November 1969 Indians wanted to focus on "  broken treaties , broken promises , " professor says Occupiers did n't get demands but may have helped end U.S. policy of tribal assimilation Co-organizer : Move brought "  Indian issues to the forefront of the public awareness "
CNN  -- Brazilian playmaker Kaka was officially presented as a Real Madrid player , after being handed the number eight jersey in front of thousands of supporters and a huge media contingent at the club 's Bernabeu stadium on Tuesday evening . Kaka parades his new Real Madrid jersey after completing his $ 92 million transfer to the Spanish giants . An estimated 50,000-strong crowd , almost three times the anticipated number , turned up to watch the ceremony as Kaka was unveiled as Madrid 's latest addition by club president Florentino Perez and honorary president Alfredo di Stefano . Latest transfer gossip and rumors Kaka , who completed his medical earlier in the day having landed in the Spanish capital in the morning , has penned a six-year contract and has cost Madrid a reported $ 92 million . There had been speculation that Kaka would be handed the number five shirt that Zinedine Zidane had once worn for Madrid , but the new arrival will instead take up the number eight shirt formerly worn by Fernando Gago . The presentation took place on a stage erected on the Bernabeu pitch that also included Madrid 's record nine European Cup trophies , a giant screen and with a backdrop of four huge images showing club legends Raul , Juanito , Di Stefano and Zidane . The 27-year-old Kaka , who was named player of the tournament after helping Brazil win the Confederations Cup in South Africa over the last few weeks , told supporters : "  Today is a very happy day for me . "  I 'm very happy because this new stage of my career will be at Real Madrid . I hope to write my name into the history of this club with many victories and successes . " Kaka was the first signing confirmed by Madrid after Perez returned to the club presidency at the start of June . Soon after bringing in the Brazilian , Perez also agreed a world-record 80 million euros fee with Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo . That deal was finalized on Friday night and will come into effect from Wednesday , with Ronaldo , who like Kaka will be tied to the Spanish giants until 2015 , being presented on July 6 . Aside from Kaka and Ronaldo , Madrid also struck a deal to sign Valencia defender Raul Albiol last week for a fee believed to be around 13 million euros , while the likes of Franck Ribery , David Villa and Xabi Alonso are all being linked with moves to the Bernabeu as Perez relaunches the famous ` galacticos ' policy that he presided over during his first tenure at the club . Then , while president from 2000-06 , Perez sanctioned the big-money signings of superstars such as Zidane , David Beckham , Luis Figo and Ronaldo , a policy that reaped indifferent rewards with Madrid winning seven trophies under Perez in total but none in his final three years .	Kaka is unveiled as a Real Madrid player after completing his move from Milan The Brazilian playmaker is handed the No. 8 shirt in front of thousands of fans 27-year-old just helped Brazil to victory in the Confederations Cup tournament
CNN  -- Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky faces additional child sex charges involving two more alleged victims , bringing the total to 10 , according to Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly . Sandusky was arrested Wednesday and charged with four counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and two counts of unlawful contact with a minor , allegedly involving two men who were boys at the time of the encounters . "  Today 's criminal charges were recommended by a statewide investigating grand jury , based on evidence and testimony that was received following the initial arrest of Sandusky on November 5th , " Kelly said in a news release . Each count is punishable by up to 20 years in prison and $ 25,000 in fines . The former coach also faces one new count of indecent assault and two counts of endangering a child 's welfare , each punishable by up to seven years behind bars and $ 15,000 in fines . And Sandusky faces a single new count of indecent assault and two counts of corruption of minors . "  As in many of the other cases identified to date , the contact with Sandusky allegedly fit a pattern of ` grooming ' victims , " Kelly said in the news release . "  Beginning with outings to football games and gifts ; they later included physical contact that escalated to sexual assaults . " Sandusky , who maintains his innocence , will face a preliminary hearing at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday . His attorney , Joe Amendola , blamed prosecutors for turning the case into "  a media circus , " adding that Sandusky would have willingly turned himself in . Sandusky surrendered when he faced the initial charges . Amendola , who learned of the new charges from a CNN producer in his office , said he was unhappy prosecutors did not make sure he was aware of the arrest before the media . "  I had a few words with the prosecutor , " Amendola told CNN 's Kathleen Johnston . "  What I told them essentially is , if we are going to play hardball , both sides can play and I was a pretty good pitcher in my day . " "  The question begs to be asked , why would the attorney general 's office decide not to tell me ... and why did they go to his house and take him out in handcuffs ? " Amendola said . "  I think the answer is self-explanatory . " Amendola said he expected his client might not be able to post the $ 250,000 bail before Thursday because he did n't have time to make the arrangements . The alleged victims -- identified by authorities as Victim 9 and Victim 10 -- are believed to have encountered Sandusky at The Second Mile charity , a nonprofit organization he founded for underprivileged children . Victim 9 was between 11 and 12 years old when he first met the former coach back in 2004 . Sandusky allegedly gave the boy gifts and money and took him to university football games , according to the grand jury presentment . The alleged victim testified he would make overnight visits to Sandusky 's home and stay in a basement bedroom . He described a pattern of sexual assaults over a period of years , the grand jury said . "  The victim testified that on at least one occasion he screamed for help , knowing that Sandusky 's wife was upstairs , but no one ever came to help him , " the report states . Sandusky allegedly met Victim 10 , then about age 10 , in 1997 after a counselor recommended the boy attend the charity "  because of difficulties in his home life . " That witness said Sandusky performed oral sex on him and indecently touched him in an outdoor pool on campus , according to the grand jury . A grand jury report made public last month detailed 40 charges of rape and molestation against the former coach in a child sex abuse scandal that , at the time , involved eight alleged victims . Wednesday 's announcement came on the heels of an attorney 's statement on behalf of a 19-year-old man who stepped forward with claims that Sandusky gave him whiskey and sexually abused him , also in 2004 . The man pointed to a single incident at the university 's football building , according to attorney Chuck Schmidt of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . He was 12 at the time and it allegedly occurred while he was staying overnight during Second Mile activities , the attorney said . It is not clear if the man can be identified as Victim 9 . Schmidt says he plans to file a lawsuit against Penn State , the charity and Sandusky in coming weeks . "  He thought he was the only person this had ever happened to and when he found out there were others , that gave him enough courage to come forward , " he said of his client . The Second Mile , meanwhile , reported Wednesday that it had "  lost significant financial support " in the wake of the scandal and plans to reduce its staff . "  We at The Second Mile are saddened by the need to make these cutbacks ; however , our foremost concerns reside with the victims of the horrific abuse reported by the Attorney General and with the children we serve , " the charity said in a written statement . Sandusky , the longtime Penn State defensive coordinator , has said he only "  horsed around " with the disadvantaged boys in his care . An attorney for some of the alleged victims Monday blasted Sandusky 's recent interview with The New York Times in which he attempted to clarify his relationships with young people . "  If I say , ` No , I 'm not attracted to young boys , ' that 's not the truth , " Sandusky said , according to the interview published Saturday . "  Because I 'm attracted to young people -- boys , girls . " His lawyer , who was present at the interview , spoke up at that point to note that Sandusky is "  not sexually " attracted to them . "  Right . I enjoy -- that 's what I was trying to say -- I enjoy spending time with young people . I enjoy spending time with people , " Sandusky added . "  I mean , my two favorite groups are the elderly and the young . " The former coach told the paper that prosecutors had twisted his decades of work with troubled youths as part of his charity . CNN 's Kathleen Johnston and Susan Candiotti and journalist Sara Ganim contributed to this report	Sandusky 's attorney says his client may not make bail until Thursday Charity faces financial troubles and reduces staff Additional child sex charges against Sandusky are announced Sandusky was arrested Wednesday and faces a preliminary hearing on December 13
CNN  -- Futoshi Toba 's wife was killed by last year 's tsunami but as a father of two and mayor of Rikuzentakata in Japan 's Iwate Prefecture he has little time to grieve . Toba 's daily routine starts by driving his two sons -- 13-year-old Taiga and 11-year-old Kanato -- to their elementary and junior high schools ; two structures that were not affected by the tsunami and the reason they were not victims of the disaster . Fortunately for Toba the route does n't take him past his old house where his wife perished . He says he does n't like to see it and be reminded of his loss . Like many overstretched single parents , Toba sees his shortcomings before his successes . "  To be honest , I have n't done enough for my boys as a father , " he says , the weariness of the year weighing on the 47-year-old 's face . "  But I try to be with them when I have time . " As Mayor of Rikuzentakata , time is in short supply for Toba . The work to rebuild the town 's entire downtown that destroyed by the tsunami is almost overwhelming . The cost of the damage is estimated at $ 1.6 billion . Much of the rubble has been cleared away but the shells of many of the larger structures still stand . The mayor has laid out an eight year reconstruction plan and recently secured funding from the Japanese government . The first three years are dedicated to mapping out the infrastructure and design of a new city , which includes moving its center to higher ground . Send in your memories of last year 's disaster in Japan Toba spends most of his days fielding questions and demands from residents , while prioritizing the endless needs of a city on the mend . He 's also an advocate for the city , urging the remaining 22,000 residents to stay through the long rebuilding process . More than 1,000 people have n't heeded his call and have abandoned the city . Fumiko Suzuki is one resident who is sticking it out in Rikuzentakata . A nurse at a local hospital destroyed by the tsunami , she was in shock immediately after the disaster and recounted how she had to leave bedridden patients to drown in their hospital beds . "  The patients could n't walk . I looked out and the wave was as high as the fourth floor window , " she said when interviewed soon after the tragedy . " ` I 'm sorry , ' I told the patient , and I ran upstairs . It is the biggest regret I have . " Suzuki was set to retire this year but has continued to work in a temporary building that is the city 's hospital . She lost her home and relatives in the disaster and sees little joy in giving up what 's left in her life . "  One year is n't enough to heal , " she says . "  My job is to be with people and share their pain . " Suzuki says without the survivors ' personal sacrifice and determination to stay and rebuild , the town will disappear . Mayor Toba is a potent symbol of that personal sacrifice . He does n't want to be seen as a brave man and uses his work as an escape from his terrible sorrow . "  My job as mayor takes precedence to being a father right now . I do n't have time to be alone . I do n't have time to feel sad or cry , which may mentally help me survive right now . "  It is hard for me to live without the person who was supposed to always be with me . I feel her telling me to work hard for this town . Someday soon my sons will look at this town and understand why their father was n't around more . "	Mayor of city in Iwate prefecture lost wife in 2011 tsunami Personal struggle to raise his sons and rebuild the city of Rikuzentakata Hopes that residents of city will stay , although 1,000 have left
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- The last time Thomas Hudner was in North Korea , he was fighting for his life . On Sunday , more than six decades later , he paid his respects to the ruler who led that fight against him and his fellow Americans . Hudner , a retired U.S. Navy captain , is leading a delegation to search for the remains of Ensign Jesse Brown , the Navy 's first African-American aviator . Hudner and fellow Korean War veteran Richard Bonelli went to Pyongyang 's Palace of the Sun -- the most hallowed site in North Korea -- on Sunday . Following protocol , each man stopped and bowed before the glass caskets of Kim Il Sung , North Korea 's founder , and his son Kim Jong Il , who ruled for 18 years following his father 's 1994 death . "  It was a matter of respect , " Hudner , who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his attempt to save Brown , told CNN . The visit comes ahead of the 60th anniversary of the armistice that ended three years of fighting in Korea on Saturday . Hudner , Bonelli and the rest of the group are scheduled to travel to North Korea 's Chosin Reservoir , the scene of some of the most desperate fighting of the conflict , in search of Brown 's remains . There was heavy rain in northeastern North Korea , the site of Brown 's crash , making it impossible for travel . Bridges and roads were out from the rains . The Americans said they did n't plan to stay for the July 27 massive military parade on what Pyongyang calls "  Victory Day , " but the meeting with the North Koreans seemed to go well . Hudner told CNN that he believes the discussion with the North Koreans , at which CNN was present , would work to help foster better diplomatic relations between the United States and North Korea . The North Korean military said it would do everything to help Hudner and Bonelli track down the remains of their former colleague . In a promising sign for the recovery of Brown 's remains , a senior North Korean colonel said at the meeting that North Korea wanted a joint recovery effort to continue . Hudner 's biographer , Adam Makos , said the 88-year-old former pilot showed great dignity by paying respect to the North 's former leaders , as protocol required . "  He wears the gold medal for bravery , but it also represents character , " said Makos , who first suggested the trip to Hudner . "  Because when you study the action of how he earned that medal , it is about great character , risking his life to save a friend . And today , he put his ego aside and he said . ` You know , I 'm going to show respect to a man once considered our foe . ' And that 's the ultimate sign of a warrior . " Brown 's F4U Corsair crashed in December 1950 while providing air cover for American troops who found themselves battling Chinese forces near the frozen reservoir . Hudner , then a lieutenant junior grade , was his wingman . Hudner deliberately crashed his plane near Brown 's to try to save him , but Brown was trapped in his cockpit and died shortly afterward . Hudner was awarded America 's top military decoration for the effort , while the Navy named a frigate after Brown in 1973 . "  It was very different , " Hudner said of his first experience of North Korea . "  That time we were bitter enemies . And I hope that our trip here can foster relations , which will be good not only for our two countries but for the whole world to see this . " In the visitors ' book at the newly renovated Palace of the Sun , Hudner wrote , "  It was a memorable experience . " He now knows more about the achievements of the Korean people , he wrote . Chosin -- known in North Korea as Jangjin -- Reservoir was one of the bloodiest battles of the Korean War . More than 3,000 American soldiers and Marines and an estimated 35,000 Chinese troops were killed during a two-week withdrawal under fire by U.S. and allied forces . Hudner and Bonelli , who was one of those badly outnumbered Marines , also saw two rooms filled with the leaders ' medals , plus the train carriages used to travel around the country and beyond . North Korean officials said Kim Jong Il died in one of those coaches .	Retired Capt. Thomas Hudner received the Medal of Honor in the Korean War He returned to North Korea to search for the remains of Navy aviator Jesse Brown North Koreans tell Hudner and another veteran the country wants to help with search
CNN  -- Richard Strandlof said he survived the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon . He said he survived again when a roadside bomb went off in Iraq killing four fellow Marines . He 'd point to his head and tell people he had a metal plate , collateral damage from the explosion . Richard Strandlof says he did n't mean to cause harm when he lied about being a military veteran . Crowds ate up his story . He canvassed Colorado appearing at the sides of politicians . Inspiring and seemingly authentic , he spoke on behalf of veterans at the state Capitol . It turns out the whole thing was a lie . He was n't at the Pentagon . He was never a Marine . He never served his country . He never graduated from the Naval Academy . He claimed his name was Rick Duncan . He formed a group called the Colorado Veterans Alliance , and the FBI is now investigating whether he embezzled money as a result . Watch Strandlof defend himself " Where was he on 9/11 , the day he said he witnessed heroism firsthand ? "  I was in San Jose , California , watching it in horror on TV with a few other people , " Strandlof told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . He was at a homeless shelter at the time . Strandlof denies being a pathological liar . He says he suffered from "  some severely underdiagnosed mental illness " and that he got caught up in the moment around "  people who are passionate and loved what they did . " He told CNN he had put on a "  production , which I 'm sorry for . " "  Hopefully the people that I hurt can in some way gain closure from that , and I myself do n't know what I can do short of leaving them alone and not being in their lives , to make that happen , " Strandlof said . He said he 's not sure exactly how he 's hurt people . "  It 's not for me to say , and time will tell , " he said . Hal Bidlack , a former Air Force lieutenant colonel , is one of those people . He ran for Congress as a Democrat and had Strandlof appear with him . Bidlack is n't too happy . "  Once one lie fell apart , the whole series of things ... just cascaded into an ocean of lies , " he said . Bidlack was at the Pentagon when it came under attack on September 11 , 2001 . He now realizes that Strandlof stole portions of his own story . "  Now that we know he 's a lying fraud , " Bidlack said , "  I think he was just parroting my own story back to me . " "  There are an awful lot of things that he kept straight to try to fool an awful lot of people for an awful long time . " Doug Sterner has catalogued hundreds of people claiming to be military veterans who never served in the military . He says it 's typical for those perpetuating the hoaxes to claim mental illness . "  I do n't buy that , " Sterner said . "  What he was doing was looking for a cause to promote himself . I see this repeatedly . I 've had a hundred cases just this year like Rick Strandlof 's . ... What they 're doing is building a kingdom of self and feeding their own ego . " Sterner has pushed for a federal database listing the names and citations of all decorated military veterans to help put an end to such cases . He said Strandlof has robbed true veterans of their veracity . "  Doing good does not take away from the bad that he did , " he said . "  Because of Rick Strandlof , the next global war on terrorism veteran that speaks in a school or talks to the media or gets involved in politics is going to be questioned . " According to the Denver Post , Strandlof came to authorities ' attention first in 1997 , when he was sentenced to five years on forgery and bad-check charges . With the FBI now investigating him for fraud , he told CNN he 's innocent . "  We did not take money to use on non-veterans projects . I did not enrich myself on this . I did not gain any money from this , " he said . That 's not the point , said Sterner . "  The one thing he robbed from every veteran that comes out now is credibility . " CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .	FBI investigating man who posed as military veteran for fraud Man said he survived 9/11 Pentagon attack ; he was actually at homeless shelter Richard Strandlof formed veterans group in Colorado Former friend : "  He was just parroting my own story "
CNN  -- If all goes according to plan , cancer survivor Kyle Garlett will compete in October 's Ford Ironman World Championship , a grueling triathlon made up of a 2.4-mile ocean swim , a 112-mile bicycle ride and a 26.2-mile run . Heart transplant recipient and cancer survivor Kyle Garlett will compete in October 's Ironman World Championship . And he 'll do it with another man 's heart pumping in his chest . "  I do n't think there 's anybody who would n't consider me a success story and a survivor , " Garlett said . His medical issues began in 1989 when he received his first Hodgkin 's disease diagnosis as a high school senior . In 1995 , during his third battle with the cancer , doctors ceased his chemotherapy treatment when they discovered it had weakened his heart . Two years later , Garlett learned he had secondary leukemia as a result of chemotherapy to treat the Hodgkin 's , and three more years of chemotherapy ensued . And after five years on the waiting list , he received a new heart in 2006 . Now , the 37-year-old savors his body 's capabilities . "  It 's kind of like the starving person who all of a sudden finds himself in front of a buffet . And now I 've got the buffet . I 've got my all-you-can-eat plate , and I 'm just loading it up , " Garlett said . A heart transplant may seem extremely daunting , but Garlett saw it as a more hopeful operation than his years of cancer treatments . "  Going in for chemotherapy , as a patient you know what 's happening . Your body is being poisoned and you know that when you come out on the other side of it , you 're going to have given up something , " said Garlett , a sportswriter and motivational speaker living in Marina del Rey , California . "  On the heart transplant , though , it was completely the opposite . I knew that from the day of the transplant on , every day I 'd be getting stronger . And they were now doing something that was going to fix me , improve my life . " Garlett , who says he 's "  not a klutz " but "  definitely not a natural athlete , " trains about 15 hours a week for October 's Ironman in Kona , Hawaii . Closer to race time , he expects to spend 20 to 25 hours a week in intense training to achieve his goal of finishing within the 17-hour time limit . Garlett was invited to compete in the elite event because organizers believe he "  demonstrates the Ironman mantra : Anything is possible , " said Blair LaHaye , director of communications for Ironman . LaHaye said a handful of athletes are invited to take part in the event each year , but their inclusion does n't reduce the number of slots for those who get in by doing well in qualifying events , or by winning a spot through the Ironman lottery . Garlett will compete in a half-Ironman or other long-distance event before Kona to validate his selection . The training and competition are demanding enough for competitors without health issues . But being a heart transplant patient comes with the extra challenge of getting the organ to beat at an acceptable rate . "  When the old heart comes out , all the nerves are severed . And when the donor heart comes in , the nerves are not connected , " explained Dr. Jon Kobashigawa , medical director of the UCLA Heart Transplant Program , where Garlett is a patient . In a person whose heart is intact , "  the brain will tell the heart , ` Let 's go , start exercising , let 's start beating faster , ' " Kobashigawa said . A donor heart , however , relies on circulating adrenaline in order to get it going . As a result , heart transplant recipients must warm up thoroughly to get their heart pumping properly . The "  denervated " heart works about 80 to 90 percent as well as a normal heart , Kobashigawa said , "  but through exercise , these patients who do strenuous activities , I believe , do get their exercise capacity almost to the normal range , if not normal . " It 's also possible , doctors say , for the donor heart to re-innervate -- or grow nerves onto the donor heart . Following in his footsteps Garlett is on a trail blazed by Dwight Kroening , the first heart transplant recipient to complete the Ironman , last year in Canada . Kroening , now 49 , got a new heart in 1986 after his swelled to about twice its normal size for unknown reasons . He was 26 at the time -- a gym teacher , coach and athlete . At first , running with his students became a struggle . Within days , he could n't walk up a flight of stairs without stopping to rest . Soon , combing his hair and brushing his teeth became too taxing , he said . When doctors examined him as a candidate for a heart transplant , they told him his heart was working at 8 percent of its normal capacity and he probably had about two months to live . Kroening began exercising a week after the surgery , but soon discovered he was incapable of athletic activities that required sprinting , he said . "  I -LSB- told my doctors -RSB- , there 's something wrong here . I 'm not able to do these things . And they said , ` Of course not , ' " Kroening said . "  So being me , I was more or less bound and determined to prove that they were wrong , that I could actually train myself to be able to do these things , " he said . But overcoming those hurdles was n't easy , even after 22 years of practice . Three-quarters of the way into the Ironman 's bicycle leg , Kroening felt ill and fatigued , he said . He questioned whether he would be able to finish . He did , in 15 1/2 hours -- one hour longer than his target . Watch Kroening compete in the Ironman " "  When we test -LSB- heart transplant recipients -RSB- on the treadmill , their peak heart rate is around 140 beats -LSB- per minute -RSB- and they can maintain that for one minute . ... When Dwight did the Ironman , we recorded his heart rate , and he was able to exercise at a heart rate of 133 beats per minute for 15 1/2 hours , " said Mark Haykowsky , a professor of rehab medicine at Canada 's University of Alberta . Haykowsky studied Kroening for research on exercise habits of heart transplant recipients . Since the Ironman , Kroening has competed in other events , including a marathon and a triathlon . He may compete in another Ironman next year in Arizona , the state where he received his heart transplant . "  I relate -LSB- the Ironman -RSB- to what I guess would be like childbirth , " Kroening said . "  In the process , you 're thinking , ` I 'll never do this again in my whole life . This is absolutely crazy . ' But I think probably about three days later that I started thinking , ` Now this might be something that I might want to do again . ' " ` The ultimate price ' Both Garlett and Kroening say promoting organ donation motivates them to compete in these endurance challenges . Kroening also says he wants to make the most of his "  orphaned " heart . "  I wish I could meet my donor family and ... thank them personally , " Kroening said . " -LSB- I want to let them -RSB- know for 23 years , I 've been taking good care of their son 's heart . " Garlett , too , recognizes his donor 's family , who provided the heart of a 42-year-old construction worker who died on the job . "  I never lost sight of the fact that that moment for my family of great joy was only going to be coming ... with somebody else having to pay the ultimate price like that , " Garlett said . "  And that always was in my head , and this man who gave me his heart would always be with me . "	Cancer survivor and transplant recipient Kyle Garlett will compete in Kona triathlon Last year , Dwight Kroening was first person with heart transplant to finish Ironman The lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patients
New York  CNN  -- Severe weather barreled across the Northeast and mid-Atlantic on Saturday as a powerful cold front brought heavy rain , high winds and at least one tornado into a beachfront neighborhood of New York City . A waterspout with winds up to 70 mph churned onshore and turned into a tornado toward Breezy Point , officials said , a Queens neighborhood on the western edge of the Rockaway peninsula . Amateur video captured images of the twister spiraling a mixture of sand and debris , which was largely flung onto a nearby baseball field , according to Ross Dickman , a National Weather Service spokesman . Are you there ? Send your photos and videos , but stay safe . The funnel churned about 600 yards inland before dissipating , Dickman said . But it still had enough power to knock down trees and power lines , causing minor structural damage to nearby buildings . iReporter : ' I knew a tornado was coming ' A New York fire department official , who declined to be named citing official policy , said fire units deployed to the Breezy Point area in response to reports of overturned cars , broken windows and roof damage . "  It just got real windy and dark , " said Juliana Santiago , who works at the Silver Gull Beach Club . Roughly half a mile away , the Breezy Point Surf Club was damaged and closed after storms knocked out the power , said Santiago . "  I heard a big wind and heard a snapping of a utility pole , " said Jim Brady , who said he watched as the storms rolled in at Breezy Point . "  It literally looked like the Wizard of Oz , " said Jim Brady , a fellow witness . A second confirmed tornado touched down in Brooklyn , another New York City borough , around 11:30 a.m. , according to the weather service . This twister was about 50 yards wide as it traveled a half mile in Canarsie , about 9 miles north of the other reported tornado . iReporter records flooding in Brooklyn neighborhood No one was killed or injured as a result of the Brooklyn tornado , which had 110 mph winds -- meaning it is categorized as a strong EF1 , on a scale from EF0 to the most powerful EF5 . Tornado warnings and watches were in effect for much of the day across parts of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut before expiring Saturday night . The harsh weather forced U.S. Open men 's and women 's singles tennis matches in Flushing Meadows , in the New York City borough of Queens , to be rescheduled to Sunday . In 2010 , three tornadoes ripped through New York City , knocking down trees and power lines and badly damaging several vehicles and buildings . Heavy thunderstorms also whipped through the Washington , D.C. , area on Saturday , leaving tens of thousands without power Pepco reported 65,000 outages at one point . Dominion Virginia Power , on its Twitter feed , said it had restored electricity to 55,000 of 115,000 affected customers . Twelve people at the Prince George 's County Fair were injured as they tried to evacuate Show Place Arena , about 20 miles east of Washington in Maryland , due to pending severe weather , the National Weather Service said on its official Twitter feed . In July : New York state official among 3 killed during powerful storms CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Adam Reiss and Leora Kapelus contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands without power in Virginia , Maryland , D.C. A tornado hits in a beachfront neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York A second tornado hits New York City , this one in Brooklyn 12 are hurt trying to evacuate arena outside D.C. due to severe weather
CNN  -- The Syrian president sacked the governor of a restive province , a day after tens of thousands of anti-government protesters took to the streets of its capital . President Bashar al-Assad discharged Dr. Ahmad Khaled Abdul-Aziz from his post as governor of Hama province , the third provincial governor to be fired since the countrywide protests began in mid-March . No reason was given for the move , reported on Saturday by the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . Hama city , the provincial capital , has been the scene of very large demonstrations and the outpourings there have been compared to the gatherings in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , where daily demonstrations earlier this year forced the removal of Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak . Security forces withdrew from the Hama city center last month and al-Aasi Square has been packed with protesters calling for the downfall of the regime , displays of grassroots anger that have been gaining momentum in recent days . There have been no recent reports of violence in Hama , and observers believe the government might have been allowing the demonstrations in Hama because of the sensitivities over the city 's violent history . The city was the scene of a 1982 brutal military crackdown targeting Sunni Muslims by the Alawite-dominated government of Hafez al-Assad , Bashar al-Assad 's late father . Thousands were killed . Sunni Muslims are the dominant religious group in the country and Alawites are an offshoot of Shiite Islam . Within the past three months , President al-Assad discharged the governors of Daraa and Homs as well . Syria has been wracked with protests that began in Daraa and took hold across the country as government forces cracked down on peaceful demonstrations . The number of deaths in the anti-government demonstrations across Syria on Friday stands at 24 , according to the Local Coordination Committees , an activist group . Most were in the Homs and Idlib regions . Rami Abdelrahman , from the London-based Syria Observatory for Human Rights , said more than 1,360 civilians and more 340 army and security forces have died in the violence . Human Rights Watch , the humanitarian watchdog , issued a report on Saturday elaborating on the crackdown in Homs , saying the government security forces and their allies have killed at least 21 people there over the last two weeks . It said security forces have used clubs to beat demonstrators , "  vandalized private property , and broken into homes where they suspected protesters had sought refuge . Security forces dressed in civilian clothes have detained protesters repeatedly , often travelling in taxis to approach and detain people . " International powers have condemned and sanctioned the Syrian government for its crackdown , and there has been talk by some observers that the International Criminal Court should investigate possible crimes against humanity by the government . Amid the criticism , Syria has talked about reforms and this week permitted opposition members to hold a meeting . The government allowed about 200 activists and intellectuals , including some it had previously jailed , to hold a conference on democratic reform Monday at a Damascus hotel , the first such gathering permitted by the regime . The dissidents gathered in the hotel ballroom , including several signatories of a 2005 declaration that called for a democratic transition . On Friday , government minders escorted international journalists to anti-government protests . But reports of violent reactions to peaceful demonstrators persist . Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , was quoted in the report on Homs as saying that al-Assad 's "  promises of new laws allowing more political participation ring hollow when security forces are still above the most basic laws . " Mark Toner , U.S. State Department spokesman , told reporters on Friday that despite a "  little flicker of progress " this week , there has been a "  continued clampdown by security forces on peaceful protests . " He said the United States wants to see "  dialogue and a transition process " and echoed President Barack Obama 's statement that if al-Assad ca n't lead a reform process , "  he should get out of the way . " Toner said the United States backs the "  universal human right " of peaceful protests and the right of freedom of expression . He said "  arbitrary arrests of innocent civilians " must end , political prisoners must be released , state-run media must stop incitement , and violence must end against peaceful protesters . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	NEW : Human Rights Watch documents recent deadly violence in Homs Hama is the scene of a bloody crackdown in 1982 Hama 's governor is the third to be discharged since the unrest started At least 24 people were killed in Syria during Friday demonstrations
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Arizona shooting victim James Eric Fuller sent his apologies Monday for telling a Tea Party leader , "  you are dead . " Dorothy DeRuyter , a companion of Fuller 's , provided CNN with a statement . "  I would like to tender my sincerest apologies to Mr.  Trent  Humphries for my misplaced outrage on Saturday at the St. Odelia 's town meeting , " Fuller said in the statement . "  It was not in the spirit of our allegiance and warm feelings to each other as citizens of our great country . " Fuller , 63 , was involuntarily committed to a county mental health facility after he photographed Tucson Tea Party founder Humphries and said , "  You are dead " when Humphries began speaking at the event . Fuller "  is apologetic and very sad " about his outburst , DeRuyter said . "  He wishes he could go back and do things differently , " she said . Humphries said Fuller 's comment came when the town hall discussion turned to gun control . "  I was asked to give my thoughts on gun control laws and perhaps the passage of new laws , " Humphries said of the incident . "  I said something to the effect that although gun rights and laws are not necessarily the primary focus of the Tucson Tea Party , our community needs to be given the opportunity to allow some time to pass and people to heal before we start this type of political dialogue . " Fuller , one of 13 people wounded in the January 8 shooting that left six people dead and Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in critical condition , is a disabled veteran and former volunteer for Giffords ' campaign . Giffords is still hospitalized , but her condition has been improved to serious . Fuller , who was shot in the knee , had been very vocal since the incident , blaming rhetoric from the right for the shooting . Jared Loughner , 22 , has been charged in the shooting , but no evidence has been found that could link a motive to incendiary rhetoric . From CNN 's Tom Laabs .	Fuller : "  It was not in spirit of our allegiance " Arizonan was committed for a psychiatric evaluation Fuller was one of 13 wounded in the Tucson shooting that killed 6
CNN  -- As if Saturday 's date -- 12/13/14 -- was n't special enough , it 's also entertainer Taylor Swift 's 25th birthday , and the Internet is celebrating . So , what happens when you 're Taylor Swift and it 's your birthday ? For one , legions of Swifties rejoice , celebrating everything from your red lipstick to your Billboard "  Woman of the Year " award and seven Grammys , making you a worldwide trending Twitter topic . Also , Aretha Franklin sings you "  Happy Birthday " in front of some of the music industry 's biggest names . And , your close pals Jay-Z , Beyonce , Justin Timberlake and Karlie Kloss help you celebrate . Even your bff Selena Gomez gets her nails done in your honor . Even Swift is calling it the #bestbirthdayEVER ... until next year , most likely . The CNN 10 : The Influentials	Taylor Swift turns 25 on 12/13/14 #HappyBirthdayTaylorSwift is a worldwide trending topic
In a closely watched vote , Uruguayan lawmakers approved a proposal to make recreational marijuana legal for adults and to regulate its production , distribution and sale . Once it 's signed by President Jose Mujica , who initiated the proposal , Uruguay will be the first nation in the world to fully legalize the drug . In the year and a half since President Mujica announced the proposal in June 2012 as part of a comprehensive package aimed at fighting crime and public insecurity , a strong coalition of LGBT , women 's rights , health , student , environmental and human rights organizations joined forces with trade unions , doctors , musicians , lawyers , athletes , writers , actors and academics under the banner of Regulacion Responsable  Responsible Regulation  to support the initiative and created a lively public campaign in favor of the proposal . Under the proposal , people will have four ways to access marijuana : medical marijuana through the Ministry of Public Health , domestic cultivation of up to six plants , membership clubs similar to those found in Spain and licensed sale to adults in pharmacies . The bill was approved in the Chamber of Deputies in late July and passed in the Chamber of Senators on Tuesday . Why marijuana , why now and why Uruguay ? The following three simple reasons have a lot to do with today 's outcome : Because it 's the smart thing to do . Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is insanity , and Uruguay knows this . For 40 years , marijuana prohibition simply has n't worked . Billions of dollars have been spent on repression , but marijuana use has only gone up -- along with the number of lives lost to failed policies . The tens of thousands who have died in Mexico 's drug war -- estimates in 2012 ranged from 60,000 to 70,000 over six years -- Central America 's globally high homicide rates and the United States ' racially driven mass incarceration are but a few examples of the human cost of the war on drugs . But rather than closing their eyes to the continuing problem of drug abuse and drug trafficking , Uruguay 's leaders have chosen responsible regulation of an existing reality . Because the winds are changing , and they 're starting to blow in that direction . In recent years , debate and political will for an overhaul in drug policy has gained unprecedented momentum throughout the U.S. , Latin America and elsewhere . In 2011 , Kofi Annan , Paul Volcker and Richard Branson joined former Presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico and other distinguished members of the Global Commission on Drug Policy in saying the time had come to "  break the taboo " on exploring alternatives to the failed war on drugs and to "  encourage experimentation by governments with models of legal regulation of drugs , " especially marijuana . More recently , Presidents Juan Manuel Santos in Colombia and Otto Perez Molina in Guatemala have joined these calls for reform . In May , the Organization of American States produced a report , commissioned by heads of state of the region , that included marijuana legalization as a likely policy alternative for the coming years . In November 2012 , the states of Colorado and Washington approved the legal regulation of marijuana . In August , the White House announced that the federal government will not interfere with state marijuana laws -- as long as a number of stipulations are adhered to , such as preventing distribution to minors . By approving this measure , Uruguay has taken the broad regional discussion on alternatives to drug prohibition one step further , representing a concrete advance in line with growing anti-drug war rhetoric in Latin America and throughout the world . Because Uruguay is used to doing exceptional things . You might hear "  Uruguay " and think of football , yerba mate , beef , tango or , now , marijuana . But this tiny country of just over 3 million people has a history of remarkable political reforms and a strong human rights ethos . Just last year , Uruguay legalized same-sex marriage and abortion . It has long been at the forefront of progressive policies , being one of the first nations in the region to grant divorce rights for women in 1912 , instituting the eight-hour workday in 1915 and including women 's right to vote in its Constitution in 1917 . It has never criminalized prostitution and has legally regulated it since 2002 . In 2009 , Uruguay granted adoption rights for same-sex couples and the legal right to choose one 's own gender identity . This also comes from a country where the church and state have been officially separated since 1917 . It 's a country where the president , 78-year-old former Tupamaro guerrilla Mujica , lives an austere lifestyle after having spent 14 years as a political prisoner during Uruguay 's dictatorship , 10 of them in solitary confinement . He donates 90 % of his salary to charity , shuns the presidential palace and chooses instead to remain on his farm with his wife , also a former political prisoner , working to construct a more fair , more inclusive Uruguay . The consensus is there . Marijuana prohibition has n't worked , and it 's time to try an innovative , more compassionate and smarter approach . Let 's hope more countries soon follow Uruguay 's brave lead . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion .	In Uruguay , a proposal supported across the social spectrum to make pot legal has passed Hannah Hetzer : Uruguay knows prohibition has n't worked and wastes lives and dollars Hetzer : Uruguay 's leaders chose regulation of an existing reality , which also fights crime Hetzer : The world should take a lesson from this tiny country with a history of political reform
Deep in the remote deserts of southern Jordan , not far from the border with Saudi Arabia , lies Wadi Rum one of the world 's most stunning natural wonders . Nicknamed the Grand Canyon of the Middle East , the rugged desert area covers 720 square kilometers and comprises geographical wonders from narrow gorges to towering cliffs and massive caverns . It has provided a backdrop for science-fiction films like "  Red Planet , " starring Val Kilmer , and Ridley Scott 's "  Promotheus . " But perhaps the most famous foreigner to traverse through Wadi Rum , and put this desert on the world map , was British army officer T.E. Lawrence . Imortalized by Peter O'Toole in the 1962 movie "  Lawrence of Arabia " , fittingly parts of the Hollywood classic were filmed in the area . But long before Hollywood celebrities and tourists descended on this UNESCO World Heritage site , its red sands have , for centuries , been the home of nomadic Bedouin shepherds . With scorching sunshine by day , cold winds at night and little to no water , the Bedouins ' desert life has been all about survival . "  Most people believe that the Bedouins are living a romantic life , but in fact , it is a very tough life , " says Yousef Zreagat , Jordan 's tourism expert . Hundreds of thousands of foreigners visit Wadi Rum each year . They hire either a four-wheel drive vehicle or a camel to explore the government-protected desert . Some stay overnight in Bedouin camps , where they can enjoy traditional Bedouin meals . Famed for their hospitality , the Bedouins often invite visitors to their tent homes to share mint tea or cardamom coffee , while sitting by the fire under a starry night sky . Bedouin life in Wadi Rum is increasingly intertwined with the tourism business . Attayak Zalabia , 45 , works as a tour guide and runs a camp for visitors . At his camp site , Zalabia often prepares home-cooked traditional dishes , like zarb , marinated sheep cooked under the desert sand -- the so-called "  sand oven " -- for his guests . It is prepared fresh , with the meat sourced from Zalabia 's own flock of sheep . "  You need to choose younger sheep , or young goats , " he says . "  The meat is softer than old sheep . " Zalabia 's forefathers were among the tribesmen who fought along Lawrence in the 1916-1918 Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire . But today 's Bedouins are facing a new battle : preserving their culture and identity . Young boys , like Zalabia 's son Zeid , prefer playing video games to tending camels and hunting , much to the chagrin of the older generation . But Zalabia insists the 10-year-old should learn the ways of the desert . "  If children grow up in the city , you sometimes find them soft , " he says . "  And Bedouins like the boys to be strong for the desert . "	Wadi Rum , nicknamed the Grand Canyon of the Middle East , is a Unesco World Heritage site in Jordan The rugged desert wilderness is a traditional home of nomadic Bedouin shepherds The most famous foreigner ever traversed this desert is British army officer T.E. Lawrence Lawrence 's adventure was dramatized in the movie "  Lawrence of Arabia , " which was partly shot in Wadi Rum
CNN  -- For years , Candace Eloph searched for her half-brother , who was given up for adoption in 1977 . She found him -- living across the street . "  I never thought it would happen like this . Never . Ever , " Eloph of Shreveport , Louisiana , told CNN television affiliate KTBS . Three decades ago , Eloph 's mother gave birth to a boy at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana . She was 16 and gave him up for adoption . "  They took him from me , " said Eloph 's mother , Joellen Cottrell . "  I only got to hold him for a split second . " Cottrell searched for her son over the years , without success . She eventually left Louisiana and had other children . But she did not keep her son a secret . "  My girls always knew they had a brother , " she told KTBS . "  I always told them . They knew it from the very beginning . And I 've always looked for him . " Fast forward three decades . Eloph moved into a house in Shreveport . Across the street lived a 32-year-old man named Jamie Wheat . "  We were sitting one day , talking , and she said , ` You know what ? I had a brother born January 27 , 1977 , that was adopted , ' " Wheat said . "  I was like , I 'm adopted . " Surprised , Eloph mentioned that her mother was 16 at the time . His mother was 16 , too , Wheat replied . All the details fit , and Cottrell and Wheat decided to take a DNA test . The results : There 's a 99.995 percent probability that the two are related . Watch family open DNA results for first time " Wheat 's adoptive parents are excited about this new stage in their son 's life . "  It just almost knocked me out for the joy , " Wheat 's adoptive mother , Ann , told KTBS . Added his adoptive father , Ted Wheat : "  It was just surprising that they lived across the street from us for two-and-a-half years . When they told us , we said , ` This is the greatest news it could be . ' " Reunited with his birth mother , Jamie Wheat plans to make up for lost time . "  I feel like a weight has been lifted off of me , " he said . "  I can move forward . Like a new beginning . "	Joellen Cottrell was 16 when she gave up her son for adoption in 1977 Cottrell searched for her son over the years , without success Daughter Candace Eloph moves to Louisiana and finds out neighbor is her brother
CNN  -- Capt. Chesley Sullenberger , the hero pilot who safely landed a full passenger jet in the Hudson River , was once again honored with cheers and applause Tuesday during a ceremony for him hosted by the governor of his home state . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger gives hero pilot Chesley Sullenberger a flag and license plate . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , first lady Maria Shriver and other dignitaries greeted Sullenberger at the state Capitol rotunda in Sacramento . Taking a break from difficult negotiations over a troubled state budget , the governor presented Sullenberger with a jacket with the state seal , a California state flag that had flown over the state Capitol , a proclamation and a "  California Hero " license plate . "  Today is a very important day , " Schwarzenegger said . "  There are legislators upstairs that are negotiating and working on a budget -- -LSB- we -RSB- need a great hero in a state capitol . " The Sullenberger family lives in Danville , California . Sullenberger 's response was understated -- as it has been at other ceremonies , including a New York City Hall event when he was given the key to the city by Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  On behalf of the other four crew members of Flight 1549 and also on behalf of the many thousands of aviation professionals whose daily devotion to duty keeps air travel safe , I gratefully accept this recognition , " he said . Sullenberger and his crew safely landed the damaged airplane , believed to have hit a flock of birds , in the Hudson on January 15 . All 155 passengers aboard the US Airways flight survived . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	California governor honors U.S. Airways pilot Capt. Chesley Sullenberger Schwarzenegger : "  We need a great hero " in state legislature like Sullenberger Sullenberger safely landed flight 1549 in the Hudson River in New York Sullenberger accepts recognition on behalf of crew members , others
CNN  -- This Friday , Muslims around the world will bid goodbye to a long month of fasting with three days of feasting and festivities . The faithful usher in the holiday , Eid al-Fitr , with joyous community prayers , acts of charity , visits from far-flung relatives , gift-giving and hearty greetings of "  Eid Mubarak , " or happy Eid . This year , however , one controversy has cast a pall over the celebrations for many Muslims : a Florida pastor 's threats to burn copies of the Muslim holy book , the Quran , on the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  Although the joy of Eid is still there , the sense that we Muslims belong in this society as equals seems to be under threat and there is a somber note in everybody 's preparations , " said Wasima Reza of Raleigh , North Carolina . She said she will take her children to Eid prayer services so they can feel a sense of community . "  I want them to be proud of the fact that they are Muslims and feel that they can practice their religion in their own country , without fear , " she said . Ayaz Hyder of Piscataway , New Jersey , is one of many who feel the holiday -- one of the most important in the Islamic calendar -- has been hijacked by whether or not the Rev. Terry Jones , the head of a small church in Gainesville , Florida , will go ahead with his Quran burning plans . "  He got what he wanted out of this . His 15 minutes of fame , " he said . "  I will have more people at my place for Eid this year than this guy has congregants but yet he 's still dominating the headlines . " Indeed , from Indiana to Indonesia , the planned burning was on many Muslim minds . In Indonesia , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono urged the United States and United Nations to act as he read a statement from the palace grounds on Eid day Friday . "  I am of course aware of the reported cancellation of the deplorable act by Rev. Terry Jones . However , none of us can be complacent until such despicable idea can totally be extinguished , " he said . In Afghanistan , sporadic demonstrations broke out Friday , with the largest demonstration in the northern province of Badakhshan where hundreds of Afghans protested outside a NATO base . NATO officials said two people were hurt , but provincial authorities said one person was killed . The holiday bids goodbye to Ramadan -- a month of dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks and other sensual pleasures . Muslims believe the Quran , the religion 's holy book , was revealed to Prophet Muhammad during Ramadan more than 1,400 years ago . Eid is one of two major holidays in Islam , alongside another called Eid al-Adha . The latter commemorates the prophet Abraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son for God . The night before Eid , entire communities gather on rooftops , scanning the sky with giddy anticipation to see if they can see the crescent of a new moon . Preparations for the feast begin as soon as it is sighted . In Tawab Qurayshi 's home in Lashkar Gah , Afghanistan , the menu includes rice , stew , kabobs and freshly baked Afghan cookies . Like Muslims elsewhere , Qurayshi and his family members don new clothes -- to symbolize a fresh start , he said . The fun continues on the second day with a uniquely Afghan tradition : egg fights . Men , armed with hard-boiled eggs , try to break each others ' . The one whose egg cracks receives light-hearted ribbing . It is a joyous time when even the Taliban cease fighting -- a rare respite in a war-ridden country , he said . "  The day itself is , and has always been , about yummy foods , new outfits , " said Sumi Mehtab of New York . "  This whole Quran burning issue casts a negativeness on what should be a totally joyous occasion and I 'm annoyed at how dumb people can get . " But Ottawa , Canada , native Siffan Rahman was n't going to let the controversy ruin her holiday . "  I turned off the TV because I do n't want to hear about it anymore , " she said . "  Eid should be about celebrating , house-hopping , stuffing our tummies and staying up late with friends . And that 's what I 'm going to do . " CNN 's Atia Abawi in Kabul , Afghanistan , and Kathy Quiano in Jakarta , Indonesia , contributed to this report .	Eid al-Fitr marks the end of Ramadan -- dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food and drinks The Quran burning controversy has upset a lot of Muslims this year Many , however , say it will not affect the festivities
CNN  -- The search for the data and voice recorders from the Air France plane that crashed more than a month ago off Brazil 's coast is entering a new phase , according to France 's accident investigation agency . Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447 . All 228 people aboard the plane were killed in the June 1 crash . The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , commonly known as black boxes , stop giving out acoustic broadcasts after 30 days . But investigators decided to continue listening for the "  pings " for 10 days after that . Now , the two U.S. naval vessels and a French Navy submarine will halt their search for the recorders which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how the plane crashed . The second phase of the search will involve France 's oceanographic ship "  Pourquoi Pas ? " which carries specialized exploration and intervention vehicles , according to the French air accident investigation agency known as the BEA . The French vessel will conduct new searches using diving equipment and towed sonar , the BEA said . Finding the recorders is of "  capital importance , " and "  no effort must be spared in achieving this end , " Air France has said . "  We want to stress that for the sake of the families , we hope that the search for the black boxes will be successful , " an Air France representative said . This month , investigators revealed that the plane bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean . Investigator Alain Bouillard said it was still not clear what caused the crash , the deadliest in Air France 's 75-year history . The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet , BEA officials have said , making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane 's debris -- difficult . "  It is as if it fell in the Andes , " said Olivier Ferrante , chief of the BEA search mission . Flight 447 went down in stormy weather while flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , France . Brazil called off the search for bodies June 27 , having found 51 of the 228 people who died , according to the military . Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , Bouillard said .	Plane went down off Brazil on June 1 , killing all 228 aboard Voice , data recorders stop broadcasting after 30 days Investigators planned to keep listening for 10 additional days French oceanographic ship will conduct new searches
CNN  -- The folks in Buffalo are quite used to bad weather , but Tuesday night they were enduring a brutal trifecta of inclement conditions : unusually cold temperatures , high winds and almost another foot of snow . It was so bad the Buffalo Sabres NHL team did something they have n't done since 2000 : They told their fans to stay home and postponed their game at the First Niagara Center . A blizzard warning is in effect for three counties until 6 a.m. , forecasters said , and CNN affiliate WIVB reported one wind gust of 51 mph . There were also flood warnings in some areas because of broken water mains . During an afternoon news conference , Erie County officials told residents to stay off the roads and said there was a significant number of road closures . Officials said it would be Wednesday afternoon at the earliest before most roads would be cleared . But in a small bit of good news , part of Lake Erie was frozen over , meaning the lake-effect snow system pulled less moisture and snowfall amounts were significantly lower than first feared . Still , one area of Buffalo had 14 inches of new snow Tuesday , WIVB said . The Sabres said their game against the Carolina Hurricanes would be played at a date yet to be determined . Across the nation , many cities were still dealing with the effects of a polar vortex that dropped lower than normal and brought below-freezing temperatures to many states , including Florida . And , unfortunately , the cold weather was also being blamed for one new death from hypothermia , authorities said Tuesday . New York City saw a record low for the date . It was just four degrees in Central Park , breaking a record of six set in 1896 . That 's not quite as bad as the all-time low of 15 below zero in 1934 . But with the wind chill , temperatures still felt well below zero -- a 69-degree drop from Monday , when the weather was a relatively sultry 50 degrees with wind chill . Temperatures plummeted below freezing somewhere in all 50 states Tuesday morning -- most , but not all , due to the arctic blast hovering like an ice chest , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen .  The cold regions of California and Hawaii , for example , had nothing to do with the vortex . In Florida , despite the low temperatures , crops were not damaged , the state 's Fruit and Vegetable Association told CNN . Authorities have blamed at least 16 deaths on the cold so far , including 11 from traffic accidents and three involving hypothermia . A spokesman for the Cook County medical examiner 's office in Illinois said Tuesday that one person had died as a result of the extreme cold . And animals are suffering and dying , too . CNN affiliate WISH reported seven dogs froze to death near Indianapolis after being left outside , according to Marion County , Indiana , animal care officials . At Chicago 's Lincoln Park Zoo , Anana -- a polar bear who never grew the thick layer of fat that bears in the Arctic do -- had to be brought inside Monday . And at the National Aviary in Pittsburgh , bald eagles and African penguins , "  who are used to temperate climates , " were taken off exhibit until the weather warms up , the facility reported . Travel snarled The weather left more than 500 people stranded on three Amtrak trains overnight in western and north-central Illinois , Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said . All three Chicago-bound trains -- two coming from California , and one originating in Quincy , Illinois -- stopped Monday afternoon or evening because conditions prevented them from going farther . At least one was stopped by "  heavy snow drifting in a trenchlike area , " Magliari said . "  The passengers were sheltered in place overnight , " Magliari said . "  It was n't safe to take people off these trains ... because there was n't a good way to get people to and from the trains in the bad weather . " Amtrak worked to make other arrangements , putting some passengers on buses . All the trains had heat and electricity throughout , he said . "  It certainly was n't as comfortable as anyone would have liked , but it was not unsafe , " Magliari said . "  It was the best thing to do in these temperatures in these conditions at that time overnight in that part of the state . " Jeanette Floyd , who boarded one of the California trains in Kansas City , praised the crew for helping to keep passengers positive , but said her trip -- which ended up taking more than a day from start to finish -- still was "  one of the worst  experiences  ever . " "  I ca n't feel my butt because it 's just not there anymore , just sitting for literally 26 hours , " Floyd told CNN Tuesday after arriving in Chicago by bus . Floyd and other passengers said the crew gave them a complimentary meal during the stranding . A fourth Amtrak train was stuck for nine hours Monday night and early Tuesday near Kalamazoo , Michigan , about 300 passengers had to wait more than nine hours to reach their destination , CNN affiliate WXMI reported . "  It was kind of like purgatory , " a passenger told CNN affiliate WLS , adding that it was "  not quite hellish because there was good company . " The train , which was bound for Chicago , finally arrived at the city 's Union Station on Monday night , WLS reported . More than 2,600 flights were canceled within , into or out of the United States on Tuesday , according to flightaware.com . Nearly 6,000 were delayed , the flight-tracking website said . New York resident Mindy Goldberg said her family 's flight back from Mexico had been diverted to Boston because of the weather . "  I just called my kids ' school to tell them they would n't be there , and she said , ` Everyone 's stuck somewhere , ' " Goldberg told CNN affiliate WBZ . Ships ran into trouble as well . The U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Hollyhock had to break through ice in Lake Michigan . In Indianapolis , Los Angeles resident Jason Bentley decided to play in the snow outside the airport after learning that his flight home had been canceled Sunday . It was 15 below zero Farenheit  minus 26 Celsius  . JetBlue cancels Northeast flights to rest crews "  This is the wettest snow I 've ever touched , the easiest snow to make a snowman and to have snowball fights , " Bentley wrote in a CNN Facebook discussion . "  It 's also probably the worst  weather  I 've ever been in because of the temperature . " "  Sick as a dog . Car is dead . Roads are closed . Space heater died yesterday , " Amanda Brooke of Valparaiso , Indiana , said on Facebook . "  Missing doctors ' appointments I 've had for six months . " She described herself as "  cold , sick , and trying not to be miserable . " In Columbus , Ohio , Alexis Mitchell-Tremain posted that she still had to go to work . "  So , it 's layers of clothing , the hubby 's big woolly scarf , and a lot of coffee . " Jason Coppula in Pittsburgh can relate . "  I have about three layers on , two gloves , two  pairs of  socks , scarf and ski goggles , " he wrote on Facebook . Extreme wind chills mean flesh can freeze in as little as five minutes . Several major school districts are closed Tuesday , including those in Minneapolis and Atlanta , to prevent children from waiting outside at bus stops . When will this end ? Temperatures should start edging higher on Wednesday . By Thursday , most of the country will be back to normal , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . In fact , some temperatures may even be a bit higher than usual . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Kait Richmond , Deborah Doft , Matt Smith , Indra Petersons , Stephanie Elam , and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Frozen lake means less snow , but it 's still brutal in Buffalo NEW : Officials warn of flooded streets from broken waterlines More than 2,600 flights are canceled Tuesday One person died in Chicago area due to hypothermia , authorities said
PERUGIA , Italy  CNN  -- A judge was considering Monday whether to grant a request for a fresh autopsy on the body of the British student Meredith Kercher , killed in the Italian city of Perugia . Meredith Kercher was found dead in her villa November 2 with a knife wound to her neck . Kercher 's corpse is still being held in a morgue in Britain as her family awaits permission to bury the 21-year-old who bled to death after she was stabbed in her bed . The request was received from the lawyers of Patrick Lumumba , one of the four suspects identified by Italian police . Carlo Pacelli , a lawyer for Lumumba - who was released by Italian police last week but still remains a suspect in the killing - said they wanted to establish more closely the time of death of the victim . The decision on a second autopsy is expected some time Tuesday , Francesco Marasco , the Kercher family 's lawyer , told reporters in Perugia Monday . Marasco told CNN that Italian investigators would travel to London to carry out a second autopsy if it was granted . Kercher , an exchange student at Perugia 's university , was killed late on November 1 in the villa where she lived , according to police . Investigators found her the next day , half-naked , with a stab wound to her neck . A report issued more than a week ago by an Italian judge suggested she may have been sexually assaulted at knifepoint before she was killed in her bed . The original post-mortem put the time of death at between 10 p.m. and midnight , according to a report from Perugia 's prosecutor general Claudia Matteini . However , Matteini said that Kercher probably suffered a "  very slow agony " as she bled to death and that the wound could have been inflicted as early as 8:30 p.m. and that she could have died at any time up to 11:30 p.m. Lumumba , a Congolese bar owner , says he has a solid alibi for the time of the killing , according to his lawyers . The autopsy request came a day after the latest suspect in the case , Rudy Hermann Guede , 20 , claimed that an unidentified assailant attacked the British student , his lawyer told CNN Sunday . Guede has already admitted being in Kercher 's home the night she was killed , but denies any involvement in her death , his lawyer , Walter Biscotti , told CNN . Last week , investigators said DNA on a vaginal swab taken from Kercher matched Guede 's DNA , indicating the two had sex . Italian police say that they have connected Guede to a bloody fingerprint on a pillow at the crime scene , and that DNA tests on skin cells found on toilet paper there have linked him to the villa . The suspect , arrested last week after fleeing to Germany , claimed he was in the bathroom when he heard Kercher screaming from the bedroom , Biscotti said . He claimed he saw a person , whom he describes as "  the killer , " outside the bedroom door , and that when he went to help the victim she whispered "  A.F " into his ear , his lawyer said . Guede tried to confront the person , but the assailant ran away , according to Biscotti . His lawyer said Guede denies that he and Kercher slept together . Media reports in Italy and Britain say police are looking at the possibility of a fifth suspect involved in the killing following Guede 's claims . But a source in the prosecutor 's office in Perugia told CNN that no fifth suspect was being sought in connection with the killing . Guede is the only suspect to have acknowledged having been in Kercher 's villa the night she died . He is expected to be extradited in the next 10 to 15 days on suspicion of murder and sexual assault . In addition to Guede , two other suspects remain in custody in connection with the killing : Amanda Knox , 20 , Kercher 's roommate , and Knox 's boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , 23 . A source in the prosecutor 's office said forensic police will return to the villa before Friday 's court hearing to determine whether Solliceto and Knox should continue to be held by police . The source said forensics investigators had discovered impressions on the victim 's bra , which was found near her body , and were trying to determine if the impressions are fingerprints . According to a report in the Italian daily newspaper Corriere della Sera Saturday , Sollecito said in a statement to police that Knox lived in a dream world but said she was not a murderer . "  She lives life as if it is a dream , she 's out of touch with reality . But from here to even just imagining that she is a murderer , it becomes impossible , " the newspaper reported Sollecito as saying . Knox , from Seattle , has told police that she is unclear about what took place on the night of Kercher 's death . Even the American 's lawyer has admitted he was confused by his client 's testimony . Both Knox and Sollecito deny any involvement in the killing . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Hada Messia in Perugia contributed to this report .	UK exchange student Meredith Kercher killed in Perugia , Italy November 1 Lawyers for released suspect Patrick Lumumba demand second autopsy Request after another suspect says an unidentified assailant attacked Kercher Other suspects include Kercher 's U.S. flatmate and flatmate 's Italian boyfriend
CNN  -- The 25 victims of the August 26 terrorist bombing of the United Nations House in Abuja , the Nigerian capital , were honored in a memorial ceremony on Thursday . Omabegho Edward-Dede , the 12-year-old surviving son of Dr. Edward Dede , a national professional officer with the World Health Organization , told the grieving crowd at the ceremony at the U.N. House premises that he is taking solace in his memories of his father . "  That fateful morning when I woke up , I did n't know we would hear such a news about the death of my father , " Edward-Dede said . "  There are things that we do n't want to happen for which we have to accept ; things which we do n't want to know , but which we have to learn ; people we ca n't live without , but to circumstances like this , we have to let go . "  However , I take courage and strength when I remember the good life my father lived . " Wreaths were placed to commemorate the victims , who were described as "  martyrs of development " by Uzoma Ihedirimadu-Abudu , the president of the Federation of United Nations Staff Association of Nigeria . Officials representing the Nigerian government and the United Nations joined members of the diplomatic corps , the armed forces and family members of the victims at the ceremony . "  While we ensure the rehabilitation of the U.N. building , we will also bring all those responsible for this act to book , " said Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Ggenga Ashiru on behalf of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan . "  And we pray God will grant the families of the deceased the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss . " U.N. representative Daouda Toure said the deceased did not die in vain . "  They died because they believed in a world of peace , tolerance and social justice . Their deaths should spur all of us as one family to continue to live the ideals for which they died . " According to official figures , 116 people also were injured in the incident , which occurred when a suicide bomber believed to be an adherent of the extremist Muslim group Boko Haram rammed a vehicle into the U.N. House . Of the dead , 11 were U.N. staff and 12 were unrelated to the U.N. Two bodies were not identified . Several of the injured were flown to South Africa for medical treatment .	Ceremony honors 25 who died in bomb attack in Nigeria Victim 's 12-year-old son among speakers at memorial Suicide bomber thought to have been part of extremist group Boko Haram
Beijing  CNN  -- China is calling on the Syrian government and others involved to "  immediately " stop violence , particularly against innocent civilians , and pursue a political solution to the Middle East nation 's grim and bloody yearlong crisis . The position is one part of a six-point framework "  for realizing a political solution " issued by the Chinese Foreign Ministry early Sunday . "  It is deeply worrying that the situation in Syria remains grave , " the statement said . "  China follows closely the developments of the situation in Syria , firmly maintains that the current crisis should be resolved through political dialogue in a peaceful and appropriate manner , and has made unremitting efforts to this end . " China has not been in lockstep with the West and Arab nations on how to stop the deadly Syrian crackdown on protesters and the fighting . Government security forces and a range of opposition fighters , including the Free Syrian Army , are among those that have been battling . China and Russia vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution last month that called for President Bashar al-Assad to step aside . China has been opposed to pushing through a regime change and disagrees with the use and threat of sanctions against Syria . The United States , the European Union , Turkey and the Arab League have planned and initiated such sanctions . Because of the veto , world powers formed an initiative to tackle the crisis through a group called the Friends of Syria , which met recently in Tunisia . Here are the other points in China 's statement : -- China said it welcomes the appointment of a joint special envoy to the United Nations and the Arab League to pursue a political resolution . Kofi Annan , the former U.N. secretary-general , has been named to the post . China also backed Arab League and Arab world efforts to pursue a political solution . -- The Beijing government said an immediate and "  inclusive political dialogue " should be launched among all the parties "  with no preconditions attached or outcome predetermined . " The joint special envoy to the United Nations and the Arab League should be "  impartial " mediators and the sides should agree on a "  detailed road map and timetable for reform . " -- China expressed support for the United Nations ' "  leading role " in the coordination of relief efforts . It said the United Nations or another impartial entity should assess the humanitarian situation "  under the precondition of respecting Syria 's sovereignty . " China said it opposes interference in Syrian internal affairs under a humanitarian pretext . -- The international community should respect Syria 's "  independence , sovereignty , unity and territorial integrity " and "  provide necessary and constructive assistance for the various political factions of Syria to launch dialogue , and respect the outcome of dialogue . " "  China does not approve of armed interference or pushing for ` regime change ' in Syria , and believes that use or threat of sanctions does not help to resolve this issue appropriately , " the statement said . -- The U.N. Security Council should "  strictly abide by the purposes and principles of the U.N. Charter and the basic norms governing international relations , " it said . " As a permanent member of the Security Council , China is ready to earnestly fulfill its responsibilities , engage in equal-footed , patient and full consultation with other parties on the political solution to the Syrian crisis in an effort to safeguard the unity of the Security Council , " the statement said .	China is against armed interference or pushing for regime change Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution last month China says it welcomes the joint special envoy appointment It backs U.N. leadership in relief efforts
CNN  -- Detroit could probably use another Eminem boost following Tuesday 's news that it lost 25 % of its residents from 2000 to 2010 . You may remember the catchy Chrysler ad during January 's Super Bowl . To the sounds of a jangly guitar , the rapper drives through the city 's gritty streets , telling the viewer , "  This is the Motor City and this is what we do . " The spot ends with "  Imported From Detroit , " a message that may have a new meaning , given the latest census numbers . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , Detroit saw its population drop from 951,270 in 2000 to 713,777 last year -- its lowest since the 1910 census . That tells only part of a classic rise and fall of a city that lost residents to the suburbs and the dramatic decline of the auto industry . Buoyed by industrialization and Henry Ford and other entrepreneurs , Detroit 's population skyrocketed at the dawn of the 20th century . Home to 285,704 people in 1900 , the Michigan city enjoyed a peak of 1.85 million residents in 1950 . Detroit once was the fourth-largest city in the country . Tuesday 's news was a double blow to Michigan , which learned in December it was the only state to have a cumulative population loss in the decade . The state 's population fell 0.6 % -- from 9.94 million to 9.89 million -- costing the state yet another congressional district . At its peak , after the 1960 census , Michigan had 19 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The state 's Capitol Hill clout has eroded , one or two seats a decade , since 1980 . Now , it 's down to just 14 . Detroit leaders said Tuesday the census figures were not accurate . "  I do n't believe it will stand up " to the city 's planned challenge , said Mayor Dave Bing , saying the census has a history of undercounting residents in large cities . "  We are in a fiscal crisis and we have to fight for every dollar , " Bing said . If another 40,000 residents are verified , Detroit would meet the 750,000 threshold for ideal federal and state funding , Bing said . Detroit City Council President Charles Pugh told CNN affiliate WIDV the census figure is about 100,000 short . "  That 's clearly less money from the state and clearly less money from the government if we fall below certain thresholds , " Pugh said . Bing told reporters he is committed to help create new jobs and reduce crime . Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said "  figures clearly show how crucial it is to reinvent Michigan . " "  We can not cling to the old ways of doing business , " Snyder said in a statement Tuesday . "  Michigan will not succeed if Detroit and other major cities do n't succeed . "  Losing our best and brightest young adults to other states , or failing to rejuvenate our urban areas , are not acceptable options , " Snyder continued . "  Fundamental change is needed and we will achieve that by working together with relentless positive action . " The state is working to stem the losses . The Detroit Region Aerotropolis Development Corporation , for example , is hoping to tie business development to airports in the region . And the news was n't all bad . Suburban Monroe , Macomb and Kent counties saw population increases . The question now is whether Detroit residents will come out swinging . Their hockey heroes , the Red Wings , may lead the way . Playoff tickets go on sale at noon Saturday .	Detroit has lowest population since 1910 census count City could lose millions in funding Crime , migration and decline of auto industry are factors in losses
CNN  -- Back in July 1969 , I stood on the talcum-like lunar dust just a few feet from our home away from home , Eagle , the lunar module that transported Neil Armstrong and me to the bleak , crater-pocked moonscape . Standing there and soaking in the view , I called it as I saw it : "  magnificent desolation . " As Neil and I walked upon the surface of the moon at Tranquility Base , we satisfied a vision held by humankind for centuries . And as inscribed on the plaque fastened to the ladder of our lander : "  We Came in Peace for All Mankind . " Sunday will mark the 45th anniversary of the lunar landing , when Neil announced , "  Tranquility Base here . The Eagle has landed . " It was , truly , one small step , but more steps are needed to fuel and assure America 's leadership role in deep space exploration . I 'm often asked just how lonely it was on the moon . First of all , what got us there was the tireless effort of some 400,000 people who shared a universal dream . Project Apollo was a unified enterprise that relied on teamwork . Second , while we were farther away from terra firma than any humans had ever ventured -- with our colleague Mike Collins circling the moon in the command module above us -- the three of us were connected to home planet Earth . Close to a billion people watched and listened to our journey . In reflecting back on that thrilling , transformative time , several things come to mind . Standing on that harsh , desolate , yet magnificent terrain , stealing precious moments , I looked back at Earth . Everything I knew and loved lay suspended on a far away and fragile blue sphere that was engulfed by the blackness of space . In the back of my mind were Neil 's words about a step on the moon . Imagine the great magnificence of humanity going from horse and buggy , to railroads , cars , and airplanes , to rockets -- and now walking on the moon . That is a testimonial to the progress of the creatures here on Earth . I could n't have imagined anything more desolate -- knowing it had n't changed in hundreds of thousands of years . You could n't find any place like that on Earth . The airlessness . Brilliant sunlight illuminated the dust , which was everywhere . And the horizon , visibly curving away in the distance , was so clear because no pollution obscured it . Walking across that landscape was much easier than we had thought it would be . When my boot struck moon dust , it flew away in a straight line , a sign of the lighter gravity load , one-sixth that of Earth . I did n't anticipate , returning to Earth , that America 's triumph was viewed as a success for all humankind . People expressed their collective pride by declaring "  We did it ! " -- there was an aura of ownership of the achievement . Although we can revel in taking rear-view mirror looks at the Apollo 11 mission , the urgent need , I believe , is to confront the future . Our space program should not focus on getting back to the moon . We have already blazed that trail . Apollo was part of a clear , get-there-in-a-hurry , space race strategy . To be blunt , that meant we did n't spend time developing re-usability . It 's time for commercial and international interests to move , beyond discovery , to development . Other nations , China in particular , are working toward the exploration and development of the moon with robots and , eventually , crews . Providing U.S. support for international lunar development is in our best interest . By participating in a unified , international effort , we avoid an unnecessary race back to the moon and can still participate in lunar science . Other U.S. government entities -- the National Science Foundation and commercial entities -- should take over in moon exploitation and development . It may well be that NASA is not best suited to run this program . Exploitation has never been its strong point . It 's true , multiple choices need to be made . We could as a country sit around and do nothing . On the other hand , we could accept the role of space leadership that we carved out for ourselves in the 1960s and 1970s . For America , another destination is calling . America 's longer-term goal should be permanent human presence on Mars . The moment to begin could be on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11 's touchdown on the moon . We can make a courageous , Kennedyesque commitment to America 's future in deep space . The U.S. President could utter these momentous words : "  I believe this nation should commit itself , within two decades , to commencing an America-led , permanent presence on the planet Mars . " We must look to re-establish realistic , but ambitious , longer range and more meaningful exploration goals , and we must issue a call -- with the right guidance and sustained funding -- to a new generation . The next generation of space explorers . Again , the Apollo moon program provided one small step . Other steps lay ahead , strides that take us to the surface of Mars . Catching the summer of supermoons Scientists create a mini Mars on Earth Looking up at mesmerizing stars	Astronaut Buzz Aldrin stood on the talcum-like dust of the moon 45 years ago He says all he loved lay on a faraway , fragile blue sphere engulfed by blackness Aldrin : Let 's join an international private-public sector effort to develop the moon But for America , he says , we must pursue permanent human presence on Mars
Timothy Tracy went to Venezuela to make a documentary about the political division gripping the country . Now he 's in the spotlight after being arrested on allegations of funding opponents of newly elected President Nicolas Maduro , successor to the late Hugo Chavez . In a televised address on Thursday , Maduro said he ordered the arrest of Tracy , who he accused of "  financing violent groups . " Tracy , 35 , of Los Angeles , was arrested Wednesday at the Caracas airport as he was preparing to leave the country , Reporters Without Borders said . "  Tracy was just acting as an observer when he was filming , " the journalism rights group said . "  Shooting video is not evidence of participation in what the government calls an ` act of destabilization . ' It is for the police and judicial authorities to investigate and establish from the facts , not for the government to designate Tracy as guilty from the outset . " The U.S. State Department said Friday it was aware an American was arrested in the Venezuelan capital , but declined to comment on the specifics of the case because of privacy considerations . But Patrick Ventrell , a State Department spokesman , said the accusations are the latest in a series of allegations in recent weeks made by the Venezuelan government that "  foreign actors " are attempting to influence political developments in the country . "  These allegations have not been substantiated , " Ventrell said . "  The U.S. continues to categorically reject any allegations of U.S. government efforts to destabilize the Venezuelan government or to harm anyone in Venezuela . "	Timothy Tracy , 35 , was arrested Wednesday at the Caracas airport , a rights group says Tracy is being held on allegations of funding opponents of Nicolas Maduro In a televised address , Maduro says Tracy was financing violent groups
Viktor Frankl was a Jewish psychiatrist who spent three years during World War II living under unspeakable circumstances in several of the most notorious Nazi concentration camps . While imprisoned , Frankl realized he had one single freedom left : He had the power to determine his response to the horror unfolding around him . And so he chose to imagine . He imagined his wife and the prospect of seeing her again . He imagined himself teaching students after the war about the lessons he had learned . Frankl survived and went on to chronicle his experiences and the wisdom he had drawn from them . "  A human being is a deciding being , " he wrote in his 1946 book , "  Man 's Search for Meaning , " which sold more than 10 million copies . "  Between stimulus and response there is a space . In that space is our power to choose our response . In our response lies our growth and our freedom . " The idea of becoming conscious of the subjectivity of our perceptions is an admittedly abstract one -- the stuff of philosophy and science fiction . But human perceptions , and their ramifications , are very real and potentially life-changing . For example , research shows that people may hold an unconscious bias against creativity because it represents uncertainty unless they are able to perceive that uncertainty in a positive light . And consider the role perception plays in helping patients improve in ailments ranging from pain and depression to Parkinson 's disease through a phenomenon known as the placebo effect . Though the placebo effect remains largely shrouded in mystery , researchers attribute some aspects of the placebo response to active mechanisms in the brain that can influence bodily processes such as the immune response and release of hormones . Studies also show that perceived risk can drive behavior change . The perception of the harmful effects of smoking , for example , can influence habit and addiction . So how might we harness the power of perception to live more conscious lives and , perhaps , to even recast the most dire situations in which we find ourselves ? The fiction of reality Perception begins when the human brain receives data from the body 's five senses . The mind then processes and applies meaning to the sensory information . "  I want to start with a game , " says neuroscientist and artist Beau Lotto at the outset of his TED talk on perception . "  To win this game , all you have to do is see the reality that 's in front of you as it really is . " As it turns out , seeing that reality is n't as easy as it sounds , even when it comes to basic shapes and colors . Lotto uses a series of optical illusions involving light , color and space to show that even the most fundamental of our senses -- the way we perceive light and color -- can be subject to interpretation . The variable , says Lotto , is context . The exact same image can have an infinite number of sources in the real world . When it comes to perception -- seeing , feeling , hearing , sensing things -- there is no such thing as objectivity . Humans evolved to make sense of things . Every time a stimulus comes to us , our brain does the efficient thing : It responds based on past experience . In so doing , the brain continually redefines normality . It is being shaped , literally , as a consequence of trial and error . "  The brain did not evolve to see the world the way it really is -- we ca n't , " Lotto says . "  We ca n't help but to see things according to history -- our own history and that of our ancestors -- because we are defined by ecology . Not by our biology , not by our DNA , but by our history of interactions . " Sensory information can mean just about anything , Lotto observes . It 's what we do with that information that matters . When context distorts Society gets inside of our heads and habits , says Ruha Benjamin , professor of sociology and African-American studies at Boston University . "  It forms everything from our taste in food , our sensibilities , what we think is good , bad or evil . None of these beliefs occur in isolation . " This profound social influence , known as "  habitus , " is acquired through activities and experiences of everyday life , and is often taken for granted . The concept hails as far back as Aristotle . Quite often relying unconsciously on habitus for context serves us well . Until it does n't . Take an infamous example of mistaken perception plucked from the news : So much of the encounter between Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman had to do with context and perceptions , Benjamin says . "  Think about the different ways in which a majority of Americans see the agency of black men , " she says . "  In certain contexts , like on a court during March Madness , we are perfectly comfortable celebrating these bodies . But take those same bodies and place them in a different context -- walking down the street in a predominantly white neighborhood -- and quickly that perception of black masculinity at the core of our culture changes context . And in this new context , being a black male may suddenly become a life and death issue . " And so we sometimes find ourselves at a crossroads , in a place of uncertainty , faced with perceptions borne of falsehood , misunderstanding , bias or disunity -- perceptions that do not serve us . Echoing Frankl , Lotto says of those types of perceptions : "  We are responding and not choosing . " The beginning of awareness According to Lotto , the creation of all new perceptions begins in the same way , with a single question : "  Why ? " "  Why " is , in that sense , the most dangerous word in history , Lotto observes . Because as soon as you ask that question , you open up the possibility of change . So asking "  why " may be the hardest thing for people to do . Education must be about creating new perceptions , Lotto says . Traditionally education has been about efficiency -- it wants to know what happens at the end . There is a right answer . But people really need to learn to move between the "  why " and the "  how . " Innovation and change are , at their very essence , a "  why " proposition , says Jennifer Mueller , a psychologist and Wharton management professor who studies creativity . The "  how " comes later . It is in this way that perception often becomes the gateway to innovation and change . "  People are so averse to uncertainty that they ca n't see creativity . They are blind to it , " Mueller notes . But by becoming aware of our mind-sets and perceptions , we can step in the direction of breakthroughs . The power to choose a response There are practical ways to start on the path to growth and innovation . You must at the outset be certain that you want change , Mueller says . "  Be clear strategically whether you really are looking for something groundbreaking . Define what that means . Sometimes people call something innovation , but it really is n't . " Lotto says that the underlying aim of his research is to help people transform by enabling them to understand and become part of learning about their own perceptions . "  I hope people will walk away from my experiments , not with an understanding of color , but an understanding of themselves , or at least a question of themselves . " The first step , he says , is through awareness . "  You must see yourself see . It 's about observation and curiosity , having a sense of wonder , becoming aware of the connection between the past and the present . Becoming an observer of yourself enables you to do amazing things . " Benjamin agrees . "  Become aware of how your habitat forms your habits , " she says . What we are fighting for , Benjamin says , is our imagination -- the right to imagine a life and relationships and a social world that are happier , less anxious , more harmonious and more just . "  We are not being diligent enough or deliberate enough about cultivating our imagination . We have to fight for our ability to imagine the world we want . Because one form of oppression is telling people that they 're not allowed to imagine something better and happier . " "  Either there are no illusions or everything is an illusion , " said Lotto at the conclusion of his remarks at the recent Being Human 2012 conference . "  And given that we are pretty much all delusional , you might as well choose your delusion . "	We have the power to choose our responses , Holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl said The power of our perceptions can be seen with the placebo effect during clinical trials The way we perceive even the most basic of our senses is dependent on interpretation
He ca n't even walk yet but Prince George took a momentous step on Monday in what 's set to be a lifetime of royal duties . When he arrived in Wellington , New Zealand , he was carried off the plane by his ever-glamorous mother and greeted by a long a line of dignitaries , including Prime Minister John Key . This was Prince George 's first official public engagement and he was n't in the slightest bit fazed by it , despite the epic journey from London . He was perfectly happy , a natural . This is a family not just born into monarchy , but made for it . And if things carry on like this for the rest of their visit Down Under , the Republican movements in both New Zealand and Australia may have some catching up to do . I was huddled on the runway in a nest of royal photographers who had traveled half way around the world to secure a picture that will be guaranteed a place in history . The weather was dreadful -- windy , wet and cold . Brits are used to that of course , so it was n't a problem for anyone apart from the photographers who were struggling to prevent history being blurred by the condensation on their lenses . Opinion : New Zealand prepares to go ga-ga over blue-blooded baby In the background I spotted George 's new Nanny , Spanish-born Maria Teresa Turrion Borallo , in what was her first official appearance as well . It must have been a moment of reality for her about what she has taken on . The dresser was struggling to juggle hat boxes and dresses in the wind , and there was the hairdresser and eight other members of the royal entourage who are accompanying sizable support teams in each location on the trip . The ground teams have been organizing logistics , not just for public events but also behind the scenes . A royal source told me they have been speaking to the local authorities about "  all aspects of the tour , which you 'll imagine includes the requirements for Prince George and how to accommodate a baby on a royal tour . " As an experienced baby-traveler , I would assume that means everything from cots to nappies to those all-important blackout curtains . There 's also the car seat of course , and that 's been a big talking point here . It was fitted by New Zealand 's national childcare advisory , Plunkett . The problem is , they fitted a forward-facing one when their guidelines tell parents to use rear-facing seats until the age of two . The fact it 's even a talking point illustrates the level of public interest there is in the trip . This may be a lot of fuss about a baby , and he has no idea what 's going on . But when he does realize , Prince George will look back at these pictures and know that this is where it all officially began .	Prince George arrives in New Zealand for his first public engagement Photographers battle dreadful weather to capture the historic moment His sizable entourage includes a new nanny , dresser , and hairdresser
CNN  -- Thomas Beatie , known as "  the pregnant man , " was interviewed Monday by CNN 's Larry King . Joining Thomas was his wife , Nancy . Thomas gave birth in July to the couple 's first child , Susan , and now they 're expecting again . Larry King interviews the Beatie family -- Thomas , Nancy and their daughter , Susan . Thomas ' new book is titled "  Labor of Love : The Story of One Man 's Extraordinary Pregnancy . " The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Larry King : Thomas and Nancy , welcome . Congratulations . How is it going ? Thomas Beatie : Good , thank you . King : Are you surprised at all of this attention , or did you expect it ? Thomas : Honestly , we are quite surprised . We naively thought that we were going to be able to get away with me giving birth without anyone knowing . Watch the couple 's interview with Larry King " King : Let 's break it down so we understand the story . You were a woman , right ? You were a woman ? You now call yourself a man . You were born a female ? Thomas : Yes . King : How did you two meet ? Thomas : We met at a gym 18 years ago , at a gym in Hawaii . Almost 18 years ago . King : How long have you been together ? Nancy : Eleven , going on 12 . Thomas : Yes , going on 11 . We 've been married for going on six . King : Obviously , you look like a man . You are a man . Did you go through surgeries ? Thomas : Chest reconstruction surgery . And I 've had hormone treatment . King : So you are a man to yourself ? Thomas : Yes . King : How did the idea come about that he/she should get pregnant ? Nancy : Well , we both wanted to start a family . I had a hysterectomy . So we thought about adopting and all of these other options , but who better to carry our baby than him ? Hear Larry King 's take on this show " King : So how did it -- how was it done ? Nancy : Well , we had to get -- we got a donor . And we did it at home . I did it . King : You did it ? The donor denotes the sperm ? Nancy : Right . We ordered the sperm and it came to our house . I put it in a syringe without a needle . King : And injected it ? Nancy : Yes . King : So you never had any work done in the lower parts that would change that part ? Thomas : Just from what testosterone does naturally . King : Did he get pregnant right out of the box ? Nancy : Right . Basically . King : He 's pregnant now , right ? How did you know how to do that ? Thomas : We had to look that stuff up online . We had a difficult time finding a physician to help us . We found a physician to finally sign for a sperm bank , and that 's how we could do it at home . But we did look the stuff up online . King : Why did n't you adopt ? Thomas : That 's a viable option and we did consider it . I have a very real need to pass down my genes , so we were going to try that first and then look into surrogacy . But we would have had a lot of problems with surrogacy , because we would need fertility endocrinologists to help out . Nancy : We wanted to have our baby . King : What was it like giving birth , Thomas ? Thomas : Wow . It 's an experience you ca n't quite -- you just ca n't describe it to someone else who has n't gone through it . It 's a life-changing experience for sure . King : Did you run into legal problems at all ? Thomas : We have actually with her birth certificate . King : What does it say ? Thomas : Well , I filled it out as me father , Nancy mother , and they changed it last minute , and they put her as father and me as mother . And then they changed it again and put us as parents . That 's fine and dandy , but we do n't have a domestic partnership . We 're not a same-sex marriage . We 're legal man and wife . King : That 's a big difference . Thomas : Yes . One part of the government recognizes me as male and , now with our baby 's birth certificate , there 's a conflict . So we 're really concerned that it 's going to jeopardize our future . King : What would happen if , God forbid , you pass away ? Would somebody fight over this baby ? Thomas : It 's very likely . That 's what I 'm very afraid of and that 's why we need help . We need an attorney to help us make it right . King : When you met , were you -- what kind of couple were you ? Thomas : A normal couple . King : What I meant was did you consider yourself gay ? Thomas : No . We -- I lived my life as a woman at that point . Legally , I was female . But inside I still felt male . So the way other people perceived us , they saw us as a lesbian couple . King : Do you feel gay ? Nancy : I do n't feel gay . King : So you feel you 're married to a man ? Nancy : Yes . King : Completely ? Nancy : Yes . Even when he was pregnant , he was still a man to me . King : What kind of birth was it ? Thomas : It was natural birth . King : Not Cesarean ? Thomas : No , it was rumored that it was . But it was n't . King : You looking forward to the next one ? How far along are you now ? Thomas : I am ten weeks . King : Same donor ? Thomas : Same donor . King : Where did you learn how to do this ? From the Internet , you said , right . You ca n't have the normal kind of intercourse , right ? Thomas : We can . King : Oh . Nancy : Not to make a baby . Thomas : Because of hormones , my -- my clitoris has enlarged and it looks like a penis . I can have intercourse with my wife . King : That 's fascinating to me . I did n't know that . So you have a clitoris that looks likes a penis so it can fit into having love relations ? Thomas : Basically . Nancy : I 'm the mother . Thomas : I 'm the father . King : Is this the end of the baby sphere ? This baby going to be the last ? Nancy : We do n't know yet . We have n't decided . King : The two of you , really , I think you 're terrific . I think what you 've done is not the easiest thing in the world and especially to come forward . You have a beautiful little daughter . I wish you nothing but the best . All right . That 's Thomas Beatie and his wife , Nancy Beatie , and the book is "  Labor of Love , the Story of One Man 's Extraordinary Pregnancy . " That it is . Amazing story .	Thomas Beatie gave birth to a daughter in July , now is expecting again Beatie and wife Nancy talk to CNN 's Larry King Couple explain relationship , how they became parents Thomas Beatie was born a female but says he always felt he was a man
The trial of a high-profile Chinese activist accused of organizing protests against official corruption wrapped up after a one-day hearing on Wednesday , his lawyer told CNN . Prosecutors alleged that Xu Zhiyong "  gathered a crowd to disturb public order " after a series of small protests when demonstrators unfurled banners in Beijing calling for officials to publicly declare their assets , lawyer Zhang Qingfang said . Zhang added that said Xu could face up to five years in prison if he is found guilty . The lawyer did not know when the verdict would be announced but said he assumed his client would be found guilty because of the political nature of the case . Xu founded the New Citizens Movement , which calls for official transparency and rule of law . In court , Xu tried to read a prepared statement highlighting the goals of the movement and declaring his innocence but was interrupted by the judge when he spoke about wanting top leaders to be transparent about their assets , his lawyer said . "  Calling on officials to reveal their assets was our effort to promote the country 's anti-graft system , " Xu said before being removed from the courtroom , according to his lawyer . "  More than 137 countries and regions in the world have established such systems , why ca n't China ? What are those ` people 's servants ' afraid of ? " The trial has attracted widespread attention and authorities have come down hard on international media covering the case . A CNN crew was prevented from approaching and filming the court house and CNN 's Beijing correspondent , David McKenzie , was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security before being forced into a nearby van and driven away . Embarrassing revelations Xu 's trial began amid new and potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite . The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported that close relatives of China 's top leaders own offshore companies in international tax havens . The report said that confidential files showed that President Xi Jinping 's brother-in-law and the son of former Premier Wen Jiabao had set up companies in the British Virgin Islands . While not illegal , the findings shed light on the wealth of the country 's leaders at a time when President Xi is intensifying his campaign against high-level corruption , the report said . Groundbreaking causes Xu was arrested on July 16 after spending more than three months under house arrest at his Beijing home . A former law lecturer at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications , Xu has a reputation for taking on groundbreaking legal causes . He has campaigned for death row inmates and families effected by a poisoned milk formula scandal in 2009 . Searches for Xu 's name and "  constitutional rule " were blocked on Chinese microblogs and search engines . In December , John Kerry , U.S. Secretary of State , appealed for Xu 's release and that of other activists .	NEW Trial of Chinese anti-corruption activist Xu Zhiyong wraps up Authorities came down hard on international media covering the trial CNN correspondent says he was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security Trial comes amid potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite
CNN  -- The last of the teams to play their opening match take the pitch , and Brazil and Mexico meet in a battle of the Group A leaders . The last time we saw Algeria , they were stunned by Landon Donovan at South Africa in 2010 . They take on Group H favorites Belgium in the first match of the day . After Brazil and Mexico scrap , Russia meets South Korea in the other Group H match . Here 's what to look forward to during Tuesday 's matches at the World Cup : Hulk hurts Against Croatia , Brazilian midfielder Hulk was replaced in the second half by Bernard . During practice Sunday , Hulk was stung by a leg injury and sat out most of the workout . So will Hulk have to take the bench ? And will Mexico 's Javier Hernandez again play a reserve role ? It appears that way . And remember , if either team wins , it will have six points and that likely puts them in the knockout round . New verse , same as the first Mexico and Brazil meet in Fortaleza , just like last year in the Confederations Cup . That match was also the teams ' second group match and it was also played in mid-June . Brazil comfortably won that contest 2-0 and Neymar was man of the match . Brazil will have to play with more passion to have a similar result against a confident Mexican team . Belgian youth Belgium is one of those opponents that make you say , "  No problem , " then they go out and beat you 2-0 . They are tough on defense and they have some of the best young players in Europe . Some clubs in Belgium are taking in some serious coin because many of their young stars move to England to play . In 2012 , a Belgian newspaper totaled the transfer fees and estimated Belgium 's top 11 players were third in the world in such payments . Heading the wrong way South Korea has lost five of its last seven international matches , including a 2-1 loss to Tuesday 's opponent , Russia , in November . On the other hand , Russia has n't lost since August . But Russia is missing injured captain Roman Shirokov and the weather will be much warmer than what their players -- all of whom play domestically -- are used to for game conditions . Reason to love : Algeria Probably the only team whose national anthem was written in blood , at least that 's how the story goes . The words were written in 1956 by Moufdi Zakaria , who was imprisoned in Algiers . Legend has it that he had no pencils or paper so he wrote on the walls of his cell with his blood .	One of Brazil 's stars may have to sit out after a practice injury Belgium has a youth-filled squad that plays solid defense South Korea 's recent results do n't give its fans much hope
OPRAH.com  -- Can an innocent Christmas present plunge a normal family into consensual madness ? Yes , it can , especially if the catalyst is a three-foot My Size Barbie , the first exceedingly popular toy that my daughter , Gaby , ever asked for insistently . Her obsession meant I ended up in some remote Toys "  R " Us  in another state !  one Christmas Eve about ten years ago , vying with other desperately doting dads for the last few items on well-looted shelves . But I managed to bag my first Big Gift . The next morning , Gaby exuberantly unwrapped the My Size Barbie , immediately and inexplicably christening the doll Jessica Lynn Cohen . Why that oddly specific appellation , with its country-western triple cadence , we 'll never know . It was Christmas , and it was her doll , and it stuck . Gaby and Jessica Lynn Cohen became instant BFFs . Gaby lent Jessica Lynn Cohen her clothes , they played school , hosted tea parties , went to the park , sat on the stoop together , reenacted scenes from Disney movies . But then came the inevitable cooling off . Kids tire of gifts . And they abruptly and blithely cast them into oblivion . No big deal . We put Jessica Lynn Cohen in the basement , in a spare room we use as a catchall storage space . Oprah.com : How to stretch your dollars this Christmas In the beginning , we 'd each move her around just to scare one another . But then she seemed to move around on her own . She 'd appear in various rooms without anyone having touched her -- or at least without anyone admitting to having touched her . I 'd go downstairs to attend to a blown fuse and there 'd be Jessica Lynn Cohen in the boiler room . We 'd find her in the pantry with her arms outstretched in a sort of pious Joan of Arc gesture of supplication or in the bathroom with one leg raised high over her head like a Folies Bergère dancer . Coming upon her this way could be frightening . She had taken on the stricken phantasmal look of a ghost from a shipwreck . She also started terrifying other people . I could always tell by the ashen face of some poor plumber or cable guy that he had accidentally stumbled upon Jessica Lynn Cohen in a dark corner of the house . So we decided to get rid of her . But very bad things happened to us whenever we tried to throw her out . Oprah.com : Get organized and tame the holiday madness Within hours of the first time I left her out on the street for the garbage men , my wife , Mercedes , who 'd never had a single related symptom , had a severe gallstone attack and needed to be rushed to the emergency room . I reluctantly brought Jessica Lynn Cohen back inside . A couple of months later , I was hit by a car as I crossed a street in Culver City , California . At the moment of impact , I did not have that common experience of seeing my life passing before my eyes ; I had the unmistakable feeling that Jessica Lynn Cohen was angry . I called Mercedes and asked if anything unusual had occurred in the days preceding my accident . She admitted that she 'd taken Jessica Lynn Cohen to the Salvation Army . Get her back , I said . We tried finding a new home for her . A friend -- a single guy without kids -- finally agreed to take her in . Within two weeks , he 'd developed a pilonidal cyst and his brother in Florida was arrested for embezzlement . Our friend returned her and asked that we never again discuss her in his presence . We eventually had to reach an accommodation with Jessica Lynn Cohen and accept her as a permanent member of our family . She is now the unrivaled centerpiece of our Christmas tradition . On Christmas Eve we keep her in a special "  secret detention room . "  We worry that Santa , because of his facility for seeing into the souls of all things , might discern in Jessica Lynn Cohen something irredeemably bad , and be frightened off before he has a chance to deliver our presents .  But on Christmas morning , there she stands , in her honored place of precedence , next to the tree . Oprah.com : How to start a new holiday tradition Yes , I suppose you could say she 's an evil zombie doll who led our family to madness . But , damn it , she 's our evil zombie doll . We adore her . And we 're never , ever going to abandon her . And so , another Christmas will come and go , under the vigilant , unflinching gaze of Our Gracious Lady of Nonrefundable Gifts , Our Jessica Lynn Cohen . By Mark Leyner from O , The Oprah Magazine , December 2009 Mark Leyner is the author of eight books , including "  Why Do Men Have Nipples ? Hundreds of Questions You 'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Martini . " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Writer 's daughter was thrilled when she received a special doll for Christmas After she outgrew the toy , the family tried several times to give doll away Illness , accidents and arrests happen when doll leaves the house Father : We 're "  never , ever going to abandon " the "  evil zombie doll " we adore
Syria is burning -- scorched for nearly a year by tenacious political resistance , a merciless security crackdown and cries for democracy . The spark that lit the flame began about a year ago in the southern city of Daraa after the arrests of at least 15 children for painting anti-government graffiti on the walls of a school . The community 's blunt outrage over the children 's arrests and mistreatment , the government 's humiliating and violent reactions to their worries , and the people 's refusal to be cowed by security forces emboldened and helped spread the Syrian opposition . Fate of neighborhood uncertain Daraa soon became a rallying cry across the country for what began as a rural and provincial-driven uprising . Syrians compare the dramatic dynamics in the rural city to the moment Tunisian street vendor Mohamed Bouazizi torched himself in December 2010 . Bouazizi 's act and death spawned demonstrations that led to the grassroots ouster of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and fueled other protests across the Arab world . Mohamed Masalmeh -- a Halifax , Nova Scotia-based Syrian activist whose family hails from Daraa -- said Daraa residents broke the people 's "  wall of fear " by defying what he and others call a police state and taking to the street . "  What people did in Daraa was unheard of , " he said . Omar Almuqdad , a journalist from Daraa now living in Turkey , said , "  They started protesting day after day . " "  It was the flame of the revolution . " A slow burn into a firestorm Discontent in Syria has slow-burned for decades . A clampdown on a a Muslim Brotherhood uprising by the current president 's predecessor and father -- President Hafez Assad -- killed thousands in Hama in 1982 . When Bashar al-Assad took the presidency after his father died in 2000 , he gave lip service to reforms . But activists who emerged from the so-called Damascus Spring after the death of Hafez and those in 2005 who urged reforming what they said was an "  authoritarian , totalitarian and cliquish regime " found themselves in trouble with the authorities . There was sectarian and ethnic unrest in the last decade , too , with a Druze uprising flaring in 2000 and a Kurdish rebellion erupting in 2004 . When the Arab Spring unfolded last year , Syrians imbibed the contagious revolutionary fervor spreading across the Middle East . But the anger smoldered under the surface because of the Goliath-sized , all-seeing and all-knowing security and spying apparatus . Protests popped up in Syria as video images of public defiance in Egypt , Libya and Tunisia swept the world -- small outpourings seen by observers as tests to build a Syrian nerve to take to the streets . And then -- Daraa . Remote Daraa sits just a few miles from the Jordanian border . It has had its economic struggles , such as drought and drops in subsidies and salaries . Nevertheless , it had been a reliable bastion of support for the regime and its Baath party . Tribal and predominantly Sunni , Daraa is like many small towns . People know one another and the relationships are close in the city and in the nearby villages and towns . When the schoolchildren were arrested in late February 2011 , they were accused of scrawling graffiti on a school that said "  the people want to topple the regime . " Masalmeh , the activist , said security went to a school , interrogated students and rounded up suspects . It was n't as if this vandalism was rare . Such graffiti was becoming so common in the region that ID was needed to buy spray cans . But these arrests struck a chord . Residents found out their boys were being beaten and tortured in prison . The families of the boys approached authorities and asked for their sons ' release . Activists and observers say authorities shunned and insulted the people . One official reportedly said : "  Forget your children . If you really want your children , you should make more children . If you do n't know how to make more children , we 'll show you how to do it . " "  At some point , the insult is so far below the belt . People do respond to it . They just do n't bow down anymore , " Amnesty International 's Neil Sammonds said . Protests grow On March 16 , a female-led sit-in in Damascus demanded the release of prisoners unfairly jailed . Some of the participants were Daraans , with strong ties back to their home province , and part of the educated , urbanite youth living in Damascus . "  Police dragged protesters by the hair and beat them , " said Mohja Kahf , a novelist , professor and activist in Arkansas with contacts across Syria . "  This built on the gathering outrage over the Daraa children who are prisoners , " A day later , a sit-in in Daraa , with some detained . The next day , on March 18 , a protest against the arrests of the children , according to The Human Rights Watch . "  Security forces opened fire , killing at least four protesters and within days , the protests grew into rallies that gathered thousands of people , " the group said . Activists regard these as the first deaths in the Syrian uprising . People began rallying in other cities across Syria that day -- Jassem , Da'el , Sanamein and Inkhil . Kahf said the government responded with live fire only in Daraa . But the more people demonstrated in Daraa , the tougher security forces cracked down . And as the crackdown worsened , the more resolute the protesters became . The people in Daraa "  did n't want to go against the regime , " Masalmeh said . "  People thought this guy -- Bashar -- was better than his dad . Nobody wanted to go face-to-face with him . "  It 's not like they fought with arms at that moment , " he said . "  They were just defiant . ` All that we want is our children . ' " The youths were eventually freed , but YouTube videos and demonstrations were already spreading . Al-Assad addressed the Daraa unrest in a March 30 speech before lawmakers , blaming the unrest on sedition . "  They started in the governorate  province  of Daraa , " al-Assad said , adding "  the conspirators took their plan to other governorates . " "  That speech had a catastrophic impact , " the International Crisis Group 's Peter Harling said . "  People who wanted to support the regime at the time were shocked by the speech . " The dismissiveness of al-Assad and the lawmakers who applauded his words awakened many Syrian people , says the Human Rights Watch 's Nadim Houry . Two days later , weekly anti-government protests began across Syria . Calls for reforms soon morphed into calls for the removal of the al-Assad regime . "  Courage is contagious , " Houry said . The government launched a full-scale siege on Daraa April 25 , with other towns such as Homs to follow . Mass arrests unfolded and tales of torture spread across the country . The protest movement grew and solidified into an opposition . Paul Salem , director of the Carnegie Middle East Center , points out "  it 's conceivable that if the events did n't happen in Daraa , " the uprising "  might not have occurred . " But the deep-seated political and economic reasons underlining Syrian discontent was an omen . Protest in Syria was "  going to happen " at some point , Salem said . So , out of Daraa , a spark . And a year later , the uprisings blaze on . "  The impact of small events on history can be huge , " Salem said .	The Syrian protests began in the southern city of Daraa School children were arrested for anti-government graffiti A year later , the protests have spread throughout the country
CNN  -- Barcelona produced a masterful second-half display to come from behind and defeat Valencia 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday . The home side went behind after 37 minutes when Pablo Hernandez scored for the visitors . But second half goals from Andres Iniesta and Carles Puyol ensured that Barca secured all three points -- something they have struggled to do at home so far this season , dropping five points in their first three home games . David Villa , who was facing his old club for the first time since his $ 40 million  $ 55 million  summer transfer , had several chances to score but was denied by some excellent saves from Valencia 's keeper Cesar Sanchez . The win puts Barcelona level on 16 points with Valencia at the top of La Liga . Earlier Atletico Madrid secured a 2-0 win over Getafe at the Vicente Calderon stadium . The victory moves them to within three points of the top spot . An own goal from Getafe keeper Jordi Codina in the first half saw Atletico take the lead . A Diego Costa strike after 72 minutes sealed the points helping the reigning Europa League champions move up to fifth place . Meanwhile in Italy , two goals from Brazilian striker Alexandre Pato helped AC Milan to a 3-1 victory over Chievo at the San Siro on Saturday . Pato 's brace made it four goals in as many games for the 21-year-old , while Robinho scored his first goal for the club in the 90th minute to make sure of the victory . The win puts Milan top of Serie A for the first time this season , ahead of Lazio who play Sunday . In Saturday 's other game , Roma beat Genoa 2-1 thanks to goals from Marco Borriello and Matteo Brighi . Genoa only goal came courtesy of Gergely Rudolf in the 78th minute .	Barcelona beat league leaders Valencia 2-1 at the Nou Camp to go joint top of table Atletico Madrid move up to fifth with 2-0 win over Getafe AC Milan got top of Serie A after convincing 3-1 win at home to Chievo
CNN  -- When Edward Snowden decided to expose the administration 's massive surveillance program , the CIA contractor turned to journalists he knew would be sympathetic . By approaching the Guardian 's Glenn Greenwald , a liberal columnist for a liberal newspaper , and filmmaker Laura Poitras , who Greenwald has credited with "  exposing truths that are adverse to U.S. government policy , " Snowden was following an increasingly common path for leakers of sensitive material : Find a like-minded soul in the media . And in doing so , they are bypassing the establishment press , which is then forced to play catch-up . True , Snowden wound up sharing part of his scoop with national security reporter Bart Gellman , who wrote about the government 's Internet surveillance for his former newspaper , the Washington Post . But the fact that Gellman and the Post balked at the source 's request that they commit to publishing all of his batch of Power Point slides -- prompting Snowden to say he could no longer give Gellman the story exclusively -- underscores why some leakers have grown wary of journalists who play by a traditional set of rules . Gellman has said the Post consulted with administration officials about the story and withheld some details at their request . Opinion : Why NSA spying scares the world When I asked Greenwald on CNN why the source had approached him , he cited a history of "  supine behavior , subservient behavior in the American media . " Greenwald pointed to multiple examples of news organizations having sat on classified information "  at the request of the U.S. government , " most notably The New York Times delaying publication of the Bush administration 's warrantless phone surveillance for nearly a year . Greenwald told me he 's not worried about getting caught up in a leak investigation , but if Rep. Peter King has his way , such journalists would be in legal jeopardy . "  If they knew that this was classified information -- I think action should be taken , especially on something of this magnitude , " the New York Republican told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . He added that in such major cases "  there is an obligation , both moral but also legal , I believe , against a reporter disclosing something which would so severely compromise national security . " Fortunately , there is no chance that King 's position , which would criminalize journalism , will become law . Greenwald also works for the American subsidiary of a British paper , which may have felt more freedom to expose U.S. secrets than its American counterparts .  British media are more cautious at home because of their country 's strict libel laws . If that was Snowden 's reasoning -- and he certainly put his full trust in Greenwald , inviting him to his Hong Kong hideout -- he is hardly alone . Twice in the last year , sources with liberal leanings have handed bombshell material to David Corn , the liberal Mother Jones reporter and MSNBC commentator . One was Scott Prouty , the bartender who secretly recorded Mitt Romney saying at a fundraiser that he would never get the votes of 47 % of Americans who had become addicted to government benefits . Prouty not only gave the tape to Corn after communicating through an intermediary -- Jimmy Carter 's grandson -- but revealed his identity to MSNBC 's Ed Schultz . Opinion : Your biggest secrets are up for grabs It was his "  civic duty " to leak the tape of the top-dollar fundraiser , Prouty said : "  There 's a lot of people that ca n't afford to pay $ 50,000 for one night , one dinner , and I felt an obligation for all the people who ca n't afford to be there . " Curtis Morrison , a liberal Kentucky activist , turned to Corn after secretly recording Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and his strategists discussing ways to discredit actress Ashley Judd , a potential challenger for his seat . Morrison came out publicly on the liberal website Salon , saying : "  I do n't subscribe to the lie that activism and journalism can be separated . " That , of course , runs counter to the prevailing view in the Old Media , although newer players from the Huffington Post to the Daily Caller delight in delivering journalism with a topspin . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange split the difference when he did his massive dump of State Department cables in 2010 , giving them to the Guardian but also to two establishment outlets , The New York Times and Germany 's Der Spiegel . But after the Times published a critical profile of Assange , he bypassed the paper months later in releasing a new batch of 250,000 documents to the Guardian and other European outlets .  The Guardian thoughtfully shared its haul with the Times . Snowden , like Assange  now holed up in London 's Ecuadoran embassy while he ducks sexual assault charges  , wanted to control the story . That is evident in the video interview he gave Greenwald , in which Snowden speaks quietly but passionately about being appalled by the surveillance state . But that personalized approach has also made him the overriding issue , an easier and more polarizing debate for the media than government spying and illegal disclosures . The same technology that enabled the administration to keep track of Google searches and Facebook postings also allowed Snowden to gain instant fame by beaming his image around the world . Once sources who wanted public attention had little choice but to approach the mainstream media ; that 's why Mark Felt dealt with Bob Woodward and Daniel Ellsberg went to the Times . But although Snowden opted to work within the media system , some activists now prefer to be their own broadcasters . Opinion : Massive spying on Americans is outrageous James O'Keefe , the conservative activist who pulled off stings against ACORN and National Public Radio , did n't have to hand his undercover video to a news organization . While he has sometimes favored conservative outlets , O'Keefe packages the material himself  and , in the case of ACORN , engaged in misleading editing  . O'Keefe told me in 2011 that "  reporters do a lot of stenography in this country , " but that "  real investigative reporting is showing things for what they are . " O'Keefe 's contention that the press is n't doing its job carries echoes of Greenwald 's argument , from the other end of the spectrum , that the press is subservient to political power . Little wonder , then , that journalists such as Greenwald and Corn are grabbing big scoops that once might have belonged to the MSM . What may be lost is the media 's role as neutral arbiter , a sense that they are holding their sources accountable even while disseminating their information . But in the age of the partisan press , traditional journalists may simply have to take a back seat to those more in tune with the leakers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Liberal journalists have been recipients of some big scoops He says leakers who once might have only gone to mainstream media now have other options Glenn Greenwald says U.S. press has a history of behavior subservient to government Kurtz : Role of mainstream media as a neutral arbiter may be eroding
Atlanta  CNN  -- Kerry Swift stands in the kitchen of her Georgia home , warming food and setting out cutlery for her guests . Another humid summer day in the South nears its end . She is hosting a dinner party tonight with numerous families attending , and her guests are slowly trickling through the door . "  Salaam-a-lakom , " she says , greeting her guests as they enter the foyer . The women are in headscarves , and the men are in modest attire . They respond cordially and thank Kerry , also known as Kareemah Budair . Kareemah is hosting Iftar , the meal in which Muslims break their Ramadan fast . It is often celebrated in a community setting such as this . Kareemah says she was raised as a devout Catholic but converted to Islam 17 years ago . Like many young people , she searched for meaning in her life after graduating from college . "  I started to meet people of different faiths , " she says . "  The Muslims I met , I really connected with . I started asking about the teachings , and I just connected with the ideas . " Kareemah 's features immediately give away her Irish heritage . One ca n't help but wonder what it 's like to see life through her eyes . "  It 's a blessing , honestly , " she says , her green eyes sparkling from within the framing of her headscarf . "  I know that there 's a lot that 's in the news , but the everyday life experience of a Muslim and as an American is that people have decent values . They value life , and they value different cultures . I ca n't say it 's hard . I would feel guilty saying that it 's hard . " Spate of attacks trouble U.S. Muslims In an elegant comparison , Kareemah relates her strict Catholic upbringing to her current devotion to Islam . "  I really valued faith , " she says . "  I mean it 's kind of ironic that I 'm looking like the nuns that I admired . " The sound of prayer playing from an iPod echoes through her house . It is time for her and her patrons to break their fast . The men and women move to separate rooms and sit around their respective tables . In keeping with the tradition of the Prophet Muhammad 's practices , they eat three dates to begin the breaking of their fast . Depriving oneself of water and food , from sunrise to sunset , is the core practice of Ramadan . A moderate Muslim will only honor the fast , but a pious believer 's day is filled with prayer and reflection . "  The miracle of it is that Allah has partnered the fast with the prayer , " says Kareemah . "  It 's an opportunity to purify ourselves , and either one by itself does not work . " After only a few dates and small sips of water , the guests file into their respective prayer rooms , separated by gender . They will recite a final prayer before sitting down to the hostess 's elaborate dinner . The house is quiet and serious , as Kareemah 's husband , Maher , sings out the prayer . It is an awe-inspiring moment , showcasing discipline and devotion in its barest form . This home in suburban Atlanta is suddenly transformed into a house of Islamic worship . More than 20 minutes later , the prayers are over , and it is time to feast . Tonight , Kareemah and her family provide the bounty of food they set out on the table . The guests line up to eat , as Maher piles food on each plate . This evening , Kareemah 's family and friends are among their peers . Every adult in her home tonight abides by the strict demands of Islam and Ramadan . In predominantly Muslim countries , laws strictly enforce Ramadan , banning eating and drinking in public during daylight hours . In the southern United States , most people do n't observe Ramadan , so for the relatively few Muslims there , doing so can be a challenge . "  Sometimes , you are the only fasting person in your workplace or your classroom , " explains Ali Gebril , speaker at the Roswell Community Mosque in metro Atlanta . "  Everybody else is not practicing , but you 're practicing . So you feel that you are doing this alone . It 's not easy , but we do it because we believe that the order came from Allah , and you should do it wherever you are . " ` Do n't call me late for Iftari ' This month , more than 1 billion Muslims around the world are celebrating Eid Al Fitr , which officially ends the Islamic month of Ramadan . Many hope that they can continue to emulate the spirit and generosity of this month throughout the year . "  The idea is to go back to life better than when we entered Ramadan , " says Kareemah . "  To try to improve ourselves and Inshallah  ` God willing '  improve the world through that process . " By the end of the night , the dinner is done , and Kareemah and her guests sit and share stories of how they cope with fasting and the other strict rules of Ramadan . But no one ever questions its purpose or its value . They feel purified by it , ready to begin another year of life , reflection , love and personal growth .	Kareemah Budair hosted a gathering for Iftar at her suburban Atlanta home The feast marks the breaking of the fast during the holy month of Ramadan Raised Catholic , she converted to Islam 17 years ago Of Ramadan , she says : "  It 's an opportunity to purify ourselves "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities are blaming Friday 's deadly attacks in Lahore on militants with ties to the Pakistani Taliban . Akram Naeem , spokesman for the Punjab police , said the attackers are terrorists from the Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan , where the Pakistani Taliban group maintains a strong presence . Interior Minister Rehman Malik said there had been intelligence earlier in the month that an attack could happen in Lahore and that Punjab police did take some steps to react . Then on Friday morning , attackers with bombs and firearms targeted houses of worship in Lahore belonging to the Ahmadi sect , a persecuted religious group . The death toll stood at 98 , officials said Saturday , and dozens more were wounded in the attacks . The scenario jibes with Malik 's belief that the country will endure more sectarian and ethnic violence . He said he believes "  hostile elements " like the Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups "  are trying to destablize Pakistan . " Most of the dead -- 75 -- were killed at the place of worship in the Model Town neighborhood . The remaining 23 were killed in the Garhi Shahu neighborhood , he said . Witnesses and officials said the attackers tossed hand grenades and fired weapons , including AK-47s . In the Model Town attack , one of the gunmen was critically injured and another was detained , police said . Ahmadis regard themselves as Muslim , but the government says they are n't , and many Muslim extremists have targeted them . Sunni and Shiite Muslims say Ahmadis are not Muslim because they do not regard Mohammed as the last prophet sent by God . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , a nongovernmental organization , deplored the attacks and said it had warned the Punjab provincial government about threats to the Ahmadi community center in Model Town for more than a year . Lahore is the capital of Punjab province . The movement was founded in 1889 . Its followers believe that Mirza Ghulam Ahmad , who lived between 1835 and 1908 , was sent by God as a prophet "  to end religious wars , condemn bloodshed and reinstitute morality , justice and peace , " the worldwide Ahmadi group says . The group , which is thought to number between 3 million and 4 million people in the country , endures "  the most severe legal restrictions and officially sanctioned discrimination " among Pakistan 's religious minorities , according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom . The religious freedom commission , an independent , bipartisan U.S. government body , said in its latest annual report that "  Ahmadis may not call their places of worship ` mosques , ' worship in non-Ahmadi mosques or public prayer rooms which are otherwise open to all Muslims , perform the Muslim call to prayer , use the traditional Islamic greeting in public , publicly quote from the Quran or display the basic affirmation of the Muslim faith . " The agency says it 's illegal for the group to preach publicly , pursue converts or pass out religious material , and adherents are restricted from holding public conferences and traveling to Saudi Arabia for the hajj pilgrimage . While the greatest number of its followers are in Pakistan and India , Ahmadis have a presence in many European countries , such as Britain , where the religion 's fifth and current spiritual head , Mirza Masroor Ahmad , resides .	NEW : Intelligence warned of possible Lahore attack Militants said to be from Waziristan tribal region 98 dead , 110 wounded in Friday 's attacks Attackers targeted houses of worship for persecuted sect
CNN  -- Cher sits in a director 's chair in one of the many rooms of her "  Architectural Digest " - worthy home , perched high above a prime stretch of Malibu beach . She 's talking about her infamous "  Farewell Tour , " an extended global trek that ran from 2002 to 2005 , and was supposed to be her swan song as a touring artist . "  I never should have called it that , but it seemed like it at the time , " she tells CNN . "  It was like the tour that would not quit . I wo n't do that again . " A few feet away , members of her entourage burst into laughter . Exactly one week later , the 67-year-old entertainer announced her "  Dressed to Kill " tour which kicks off in Phoenix next March . According to Monday 's press release , Cher is scheduled to headline arenas in 49 North American cities -- but who knows ? The lure of her adoring fans may be too hard to resist once she 's packed her G-strings . In the meantime , she is out promoting her first album in 12 years , "  Closer to the Truth . " CNN 's Denise Quan sat down with the outspoken Oscar , Emmy and Grammy winner about her own truth , and as usual , the star did n't disappoint with her candor . CNN : You seem to always speak the truth . Is that accurate ? Cher : I 'm not so sure that 's the truth . Sometimes I do n't tell the truth , which is telling the truth about not telling the truth . I think people do n't tell the truth when they 're afraid that something bad 's going to happen if they tell the truth . But I got to be this age , and I 'm doing this , and what 's somebody going to do to me , really ? I say things all the time that I could really get into trouble for , but they kind of blow over . CNN : You have to admire women who have the courage to put it out there . Cher : When I grew up , it was a time when women were just supposed to be cute and not have many opinions . My mother and her friends were quite different . They were all the most beautiful women you 've ever seen ... and they were very strong women . When I was with Sonny -- when I met him , I was 16 , so it did n't bother me until I was 20-something -- it started to chafe at me . I really wanted to do what I wanted to do , say what I wanted to say . I did n't want to be shackled to somebody else 's opinion , and Sonny was very much , "  My opinion is your opinion . " So when I decided to leave him , I just thought , "  I have to get back to myself . I have to decide who I am , and just be who I am . " I have to tell you something . It does n't always turn out . It 's not always a happy ending when sometimes you say things that you think , and it goes against the grain of the larger group . CNN : You recently turned down a chance to perform at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , in protest of the Russian government 's stance on gay rights . Cher : Well , first of all , it was back channels . But it was to be an American ambassador , to sing or to do something in the opening . I have a lot of great friends in Russia -- wonderful people , people I really love -- and I have great fans there , too . The Olympics are the Olympics , so it was n't something that I 'd think , "  Ah , that 's sad . " But you ca n't . You just ca n't . If I were an athlete , I 'd think long and hard , because you spend your whole life preparing for the whole moment , and then your life is nothing . Your dream is nothing . So I could n't fault an athlete . But mine was just , "  It would have been fun . " You just ca n't do it . It 's not possible . CNN : Do you think gay rights have taken a backwards turn in some parts of the world ? Cher : I think maybe gay marriage has scared some part of the world . I 've seen many countries where it 's punishable by death . How can people be so afraid of something that 's really not going to involve them ? I just do n't get it . My mother had gay friends . It 's something I was around my whole life . Also , my best fan base is gay guys that have never gone  away  . They 've always been there . All I can hope is that the people that I know in Russia , that there are more people like that . I never felt that when I was there . We had gay guys with us in my show , and it was like , no problem . So I hope this is just a bad period in their history , and it 'll blow over . Look , when I was young , it was against the law . It 's amazing how far we 've come in that amount of time . CNN : You really pushed boundaries in 1989 with your music video , "  If I Could Turn Back Time . " Cher : It seems like nothing now , but the first one to push is the first one to push . So yeah , I got a lot of flack for that . It does n't make any difference . It 's a great video , and it kind of stands the test of time . But when you 're pushing against the people , they either have more judgment , or they do n't see the humor in it . Some people got really unhappy , and that 's why they pulled the video after it had already been on for weeks and weeks . Then they started playing it late at night . I think there are probably some things that kids should n't see . I do n't think that was one of them . If you look at it in comparison to what 's happening today , it 's nothing . CNN : What did you think of Miley Cyrus ' performance on the VMAs ? Cher : You have to give her credit for trying something , for trying to stretch the boundaries . I did n't like it because I did n't think it was very good . If she had come out naked , and done that and pulled it off , I would have said , "  You stretched it . You pulled it off . It was great . " But I did n't love it as an art form . I thought it was sloppy . I did n't think it was professional enough for her . I think she 's got to go back to the drawing board . And yet everybody 's talking about it . I certainly do n't think she deserved all the flak that she got for it . It was just one performance at the VMAs . Who cares ? CNN : It 's hard to believe you 're 67 . Cher : I know ! It 's terrible . I hate that number . I do n't like any of them . I thought I was 10 years younger , and I was upset . But you know , my mom has this saying -- and I 'm not sure I agree with her -- but she said , "  If you do n't pay attention to age , then it wo n't pay attention to you . " And she says it , and it sounds nice , but I do n't buy it . CNN : Are skimpy costumes still part of your stage show ? Cher : Well , not always , but will be as long as I can do it . My friends and I were talking the other day , and we were looking at what we were wearing and it 's the same things that we 've been wearing since we were in our 20s . And I remember thinking , "  When will I have to stop wearing jeans , or when will I have to cut my hair ? " All those things , but it does n't seem like it . I 'm going to die wearing the same things that I love wearing . I 'm going to wear my jeans . I 'm going to wear wifebeaters . I 'm going to wear my leather jacket . I do n't care . As long as I can look good in it , and feel comfortable in it , then I 'm going to do it . CNN : Are we going to see a "  Farewell Tour 2 ? " Cher : Yes , absolutely ! I should n't have called it that , but it seemed like it was at the time . It was like the tour that would not quit . It was crazy long . I wo n't do that again . The reason I 'm doing this is mainly because I know I really will never do it again because I do n't have the energy . It takes so much energy to be on the road I know I have finite energy , and I can probably squeak by this time , but I did the longest tour ever by a woman , and I do n't think there were 20-year-olds who could handle that . Three-and-a-half years is a really long time . So we 'll see . But if I do n't do it now , I wo n't do it . I 'm not like when Tina  Turner  came back and did a tour at 70 . That 's not going to be me . She 's got a great life force . At some point , you have to give up your career -- unless you 're Tony Bennett or Betty White . I still can do it now , so I should . CNN : I think you 'll still be out there at 90 , rocking a G-string . Cher : You think so ? CNN : Yeah . Cher : I do n't .	Cher has announced her "  Dressed to Kill " tour to launch in March She declined to perform at the 2014 Olympics in Sochi because of Russia 's stance on gays Performer says she will wear skimpy costumes as long as she can
CNN  -- Just west of Seville in Spain , a sea of giant mirrors is reflecting the sun 's energy to provide "  concentrated solar power "  CSP  while illuminating the path to a new wave of green energy projects . Shining beacon : The concentrated solar power plant in Sanlucar , Spain is the first of its kind . The 624 carefully positioned mirrors reflect the sun 's heat towards a 50 meter-tall central tower where it is concentrated and used to boil water into steam . The superheated steam is then used to turn a turbine that can produce up to 11 megawatts of electricity -- enough power for 6,000 homes -- according Solucar , the Spanish company that has built the power plant . While traditional solar panels , photovoltaic cells , convert the sun 's power directly into electricity , CSP focuses power from a wide area and uses the vast heat generated to make electricity in a similar way to that produced from coal or oil . The Spanish tower , known as PS10 , is the first phase of an ambitious development . By 2013 it is hoped that additional towers will create a "  solar farm " with an output of 300 megawatts , which would be enough power for 180,000 homes , or equivalent to the entire population of nearby Seville . This $ 1.5 billion project is the largest commercial CSP station in the world -- so far . But many believe the technology will soon take off in areas of continuous hot sun and clear skies , offering a cheaper and more efficient alternative to photovoltaic cells , and bringing jobs and money to arid , often depressed areas . CSP also produces no greenhouses gasses and the only pollution is visual . The European Union has invested over $ 31 million in CSP research over the last ten years . At least 50 CSP projects have been given permission to begin construction across Spain . By 2015 the country may be producing two gigawatts of electricity from CSP , and employing thousands in the industry . One of the strengths of CSP is that it allows the construction of power stations on a scale that can match many fossil fuel based plants , and for an investment far less than that required to install the equivalent wattage of photovoltaic cells . There is also the possibility that production can keep going around the clock -- even when the sun has gone down . Solucar is currently testing technology at a plant near Granada that will pump 50 percent of the electricity generated in the day into the Spanish national grid , and use the other 50 percent to melt salt , which will then act as a kind of battery , storing the sun 's power . When dusk falls , the heat stored in the molten salt can be used to generate power through the night . "  These technologies excite me , " says Dr Jeff Hardy , Network Manager at the UK Energy Research Council . "  One of the real advantages is that you can get a decent sized power plant . "  The main challenge with the technology is working with extreme heat , but then a lot of the back-end is very similar to a traditional fossil-fuel generation ; you are after all just dealing with water heated to make steam and drive a turbine . " Concentrating on promoting CSP worldwide As America looks to increase the contribution of renewables to its overall energy mix -- a key part of the Obama plan before the recession turbocharged Government funding for such "  green " infrastructure projects -- the potential of CSP technology is obvious . The Spanish company responsible for the Sanlucar la Mayor plant has seen the potential and created Solucar Power , Inc. , a subsidiary aiming to develop the market in the USA . There is already a huge Solar Energy Generating Systems ' CSP station in the Mojave Desert , California ; Spanish firm Acciona has built a plant near Las Vegas . Many more are surely on their way . One bold projection estimates that a single plant 100 miles by 100 miles located in the American South West could generate enough electricity for the whole country . It would obviously be a huge undertaking -- politically , financially and scientifically -- but it 's not hard to imagine such a scheme finding a home in the nation 's vast , empty quarter . Other equally arid areas may also find themselves transformed , and CSP may be able to offer valuable foreign earnings for drought-stricken Africa -- while giving Europe the green energy it needs . According to Dr Hardy the technology has a ready application , given the right political , environmental and economic context . "  Concentrated Solar Power is proven to do well in countries like Spain with a favorable government policies and the right climate , " he says . "  I can certainly see the potential for extended networks linking together , and the idea of a North African grid linking renewable resources is a real possibility . " Providing power , jobs and money The Sahara , the world 's largest desert , is fringed by some of the poorest countries in the world and the harsh environment has always been seen as a problem , with it 's vast , waterless interior regularly reaching temperatures of over 45 degrees Celsius . But with large-scale CSP projects , suddenly all that empty space , with its year-round clear skies and hot sun , has a value that could transform local economies . It could potentially turn Africa into a net exporter of energy to power-hungry Europe , and perhaps even do for countries in North Africa what oil did for Saudi Arabia . The sums are dizzying . Estimates vary , but one projection from the German Aerospace Agency puts the amount of solar energy stored in just one per cent of the Sahara -- 35,000 square miles , or a piece of land slightly smaller than Portugal -- as having the potential to yield more power than all the world 's existing power plants combined . Already Spanish firms are exporting CSP technology to Morocco and Algeria , and a British consortium , the Sahara Forest Project , is testing the technology in the deserts of Oman . Costs and benefits However , there is a problem : at the moment costs are still very high . But they are falling as plants get bigger , the technology is perfected and economies of scale kick in . Even so , any plans to power Europe from the Sahara would require a vast infrastructure of CSP plants and cables laid across the Mediterranean -- requiring billions upon billions of dollars in investment . Such sums will only be possible through international co-operation on a huge scale . But on a smaller , more local scale a simple change in the way electricity generators are paid has been hugely effective in boosting renewable power . In Spain and other European countries investment has been encouraged by Governments creating what 's known as a "  feed in tariff , " which pays companies a premium for power sold to the national grid generated by renewable means for a fixed period of time . This enables investors to pay back up front costs more quickly . Where they have been introduced they have brought about a huge increase in renewable power : Germany has 200 times as much solar energy as Britain , generates 12 percent of its electricity from renewables , and has created a quarter of a million jobs in the sector . We 're a long way from a future where the Sahara becomes the world 's largest source of renewable electricity , and the American South West is covered in mirrors lighting and powering cities across the continent . There are many huge issues yet to resolve , but with small steps , we may be moving towards it .	Concentrated solar power projects in Spain leading field in that form of green energy Potential of CSP in desert regions around the globe ; more benefits than power Plans to transform Sara ha would involve huge costs ; small projects breaking through
CNN  -- My kids -- 4 , 6 and 8 -- love the movie "  Wreck It Ralph . " It 's about a video game character that desperately wants to win a medal . Meanwhile , at the Pentagon , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is reviewing a new policy that awards medals to drone operators who might think they 're in a video game . Predatory drones have changed the art of war . As to the question of whether it 's been a change for the good or the bad , that coin is still in the air . This much we know : This is not your father 's brand of warfare . That was more up-close and personal . When your dad served in Vietnam -- let alone , when your grandfather fought in World War II -- they took the fight to the enemy , and they had to step into the theater of war to do it . Soldiers exchanged gunfire . Sometimes , they even engaged in hand-to-hand combat . Fighter pilots were shot down . Those captured by the enemy became prisoners of war . And in recognition of such acts of valor , the military gives out medals -- the Purple Heart , Bronze Star , Silver Star and Medal of Honor . That 's how it has always worked . In defense of your country , you put yourself at risk of death or at least great personal harm . And your country shows its gratitude by giving you a medal . When you receive this kind of commendation , you are assured that your service has been exemplary and your sacrifice significant . Now things are different . Oh , the military still awards plenty of the traditional medals -- the old school way . Yet under a policy approved by Hagel 's predecessor , Leon Panetta , on his way out the door , military officials are also preparing to offer something called "  The Distinguished Warfare Medal . " It recognizes "  extraordinary direct impacts on combat operations . " But -- and here 's the important part -- it has no "  geographic limitation . " So if you kill an insurgent in Afghanistan , you do n't really have to be physically present in Afghanistan . You do n't even have to be in that part of the world . You can be sipping coffee and checking your e-mail thousands of miles away in a control room in Virginia . You press a few buttons and eliminate a few people . Then , at the end of your shift , you wrap up and drive to your kid 's soccer game . It 's all in a day 's work . When it was announced that drone operators would now be eligible for medals , lawmakers and veterans groups raised concerns that the medal would eclipse those typically given for bravery in battle . They do n't want the medal scrapped . They just want it downgraded and put in its proper place in the pecking order . Those objections are fair . But concerns like that are not likely to resonate with most Americans who -- let 's face it -- ca n't tell one medal from another . Critics are right to be angry . But they 're upset about the wrong thing . These special medals are really a bad idea , and the reasons for that have less to do with the pecking order among medals and more to do with the detached way that drone operators carry out their remote-control missions . First , these high-tech cowboys are never in harm 's way . You simply ca n't compare what they do from behind a desk with what others do on the battlefield . Second , the whole concept is morbid . We know that innocent civilians have died in drone strikes in Pakistan . Sooner or later , the criteria for this medal may become : "  How many kills do you have ? " The more kills , the more likely you are to get a medal . Lastly , handing out rewards and incentives for drone strikes only reinforces the fantasy of war as a video game , where you do well when you advance . We have enough of that already among a young generation of soldiers that grew up playing video games . We should n't encourage more of it . Pentagon officials are expected , in the next month , to decide the fate of the medal for drone operators . Heading up the review will be Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey . He could make the award less prestigious , raise the qualifications , do away with it or just leave things the way they are . Here 's the way forward . Dempsey should n't bother downgrading the medal , so the other medals do n't get jealous . He should just recommend that it be scrapped altogether . While there are those who want to turn war into a video game , someone needs to have the decency to pull the plug . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	A policy is under review that would make it feasible to award medals to drone operators Ruben Navarrette : Pentagon officials should scrap this medal altogether He says unlike other medals , drone operators are never in harm 's way Navarrette : Handing out award for drone strikes reinforces fantasy of war as a video game
CNN  -- A friendly fire incident that killed six soldiers in Afghanistan , including five Americans , was a result of botched communication and a series of other errors , the Pentagon said . The June 9 bombing in Zabul province is among the deadliest friendly fire incidents in the 13-year war . It also left one Afghan soldier dead . What started as a battle with insurgents on a hillside descended into a tragedy after failures in equipment and communication protocol , according to a Pentagon report released Thursday . Teams involved did not follow established procedures , and one radio had no batteries , while another had a broken talk button , according to the report . ' A challenging set of circumstances ' In addition , soldiers did n't relay their position correctly , and a supersonic strategic bomber wrongfully relied on a sensor to detect soldiers . "  Though this was a challenging set of circumstances , had the team executed standard tactics , techniques and procedures , and communicated effectively , this tragic incident was avoidable , " Air Force Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Harrigian said in the report . The 300-page report by U.S. Central Command was partially redacted before its release under the Freedom of Information Act . "  The key members executing the close air-support mission collectively failed to effectively execute the fundamentals , which resulted in poor situational awareness and improper target identification , " Harrigian said . At the time , U.S. and Afghan forces were using a supersonic strategic bomber to target insurgents and ensure security at polling places five days before the June 14 presidential runoff election . Bomber mistakes soldiers for enemy To tackle fire better from insurgents , a team on the ground split up at the request of Staff Sgt. Jason A. McDonald , the report said . "  Communication degradation due to terrain " made it difficult for McDonald to tell the crew of a B1-B Lancer in the area that the team had split up and moved to higher ground . McDonald could not contact the team moving to the hillside because one member had a radio that was out of batteries and the other carried one with a broken "  push-to-talk " function . McDonald then sent Spc. Justin R. Helton up the hill to act as a verbal communications link . Meanwhile , at 12,000 feet , a pilot flying the B1-B Lancer scanned the area with night-vision goggles , looking for infrared strobes worn by soldiers to broadcast their presence . All the pilot saw were occasional muzzle flashes , which he thought were from the enemy , the report said . Sensors on the B1-B do n't detect infrared strobes , and the night-vision goggles the pilot used are not designed to see infrared strobes at an altitude higher than 7,000 feet . The bomber did not have permission to fly under 12,000 feet because of the presence of U.S. drone aircraft at lower altitudes . About 7:30 p.m. on June 9 , the B1-B dropped the two bombs that killed the soldiers . Staff Sgt. Scott R. Studenmund , 24 , of Pasadena , California , was wearing the strobe on the back of his helmet when he was killed . McDonald , 28 , of Butler , Georgia , who split the hillside team , was also killed . The other U.S. deaths included Helton , 25 , of Beaver , Ohio ; Cpl. Justin R. Clouse , 22 , of Sprague , Washington ; and Pvt. 2nd Class Aaron S. Toppen , 19 , of Mokena , Illinois .	Teams involved did not follow established procedures , Pentagon report says One radio had no batteries , while another had a broken talk button Six soldiers , including five Americans , were mistaken for the enemy and bombed
CNN  -- In a most public fashion , congressional lawmakers have been grilling Toyota officials this week about safety defects that have caused some of the automaker 's vehicles to accelerate without warning . Accidents and deaths are being linked to these problems . This is prime political theater . Angry lawmakers are aggressively demanding answers , dressing down their corporate counterparts . Toyota officials are largely apologetic . Toyota President Akio Toyoda wept after the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing Wednesday . What 's largely occluded from television cameras , however , are the long , deep ties between Toyota , former federal government employees and current lawmakers , some of whom are  or have been  tasked with providing oversight , upholding public safety and , at the moment , potentially recommending regulatory changes . Of course , ties do not mean tepid congressional questioning , nor do they mean tough regulations will not result from committee hearings . But as consumers -- and citizens -- watch the hearings transpire , it 's worth remembering that Washington is a place where the public interest is n't always politicians ' first or only interest . In 2009 , Toyota employed 31 lobbyists , hired to exert influence and defend the company 's interests before Congress , the White House and federal agencies , such as the Department of Transportation and Department of Energy . So who are these Toyota lobbyists working the back channels of government ? Our research indicates that in many instances , they 're former members of the U.S. government , earning handsome salaries lobbying on behalf of their corporate client . Among the leaders in this small army of lobbyists  and registered as such in 2009  are a former congressman , two former chiefs of staff for prominent senator currently serving , a former Department of Energy assistant secretary , a former assistant director of the National Commission on Air Quality and a former special events director for the Republican National Committee . This is a group that ca n't be easily dismissed by congressional leaders and their staffs . In politics , just like any social realm , it 's simpler to say "  no " to a stranger than someone who used to work for you or with you , or someone you may have even campaigned for . Now , in Toyota 's period of political peril , the company will probably need the help of its lobbyists to mitigate damage to its corporate interests . By December , Toyota had spent about $ 5.4 million on federal lobbying efforts for 2009 , more than Honda , Volkswagen , Nissan or any other foreign automaker . During the past five years , Toyota 's federal lobbying expenditures total nearly $ 25 million , about enough to buy two new Prius hybrids for every member of Congress . Among automakers , only General Motors and Ford have each spent more money to lobby the federal government during that time . As for lawmakers themselves , they , too , have connections to Toyota . In 2008 , the most recent year for which data are available , seven members of Congress reported owning Toyota stock . Rep. Jane Harman , D-California , who represents that district in which Toyota 's U.S. headquarters is located , declared in her 2008 personal financial disclosure report that she and her husband owned $ 315,000 in Toyota assets . Harman , who serves on the House Energy and Commerce Committee , which is investigating Toyota , said this week that she 'd recuse herself from committee proceedings and votes , an appropriate step to avoid any actual or apparent conflict of interest . No other member of Congress has publicly followed suit , including Rep. Michael Burgess , R-Texas , another Toyota stock owner in 2008 who also sits on the committee . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , a Democrat from West Virginia , does n't own Toyota stock , but he was instrumental in wooing Toyota to build a factory in his state , once saying he "  felt like a full-fledged member " of Toyota 's site selection team . Rockefeller , chairman of the Senate 's Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , is slated to serve as the Senate 's lead investigator into Toyota 's safety issues  hearings begin next week  and whether the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration properly monitored safety concerns about the company . The agency 's new chief ? He 's David L. Strickland , a former lawyer and senior staff member for Rockefeller 's Senate committee . A spokeswoman for Rockefeller told the Washington Post this week that the senator fought "  for good-paying manufacturing jobs but never shirks from holding those same companies ' feet to the fire when it comes to safety and consumer protection . " Lawmakers are also the beneficiaries of money Toyota has directly donated to their political campaigns . Although Toyota itself can not create a political action committee through which to make donations to politicians -- foreign firms are banned from doing so -- the U.S.-based Toyota distributor , Gulf States Toyota , faces no such restriction . Gulf States Toyota 's political action committee has contributed at least $ 1,000 to each of 10 federal political candidates this election cycle after making donations to 29 federal candidates during the 2008 election cycle . Included on this list -- for 2007 and 2008 -- are members of the congressional committees investigating Toyota : Reps. Joe Barton , R-Texas ; Gene Green , D-Texas ; Charles Melancon , D-Louisiana ; Steve Scalise , R-Louisiana ; and John Sullivan , R-Oklahoma . Since 1999 , Toyota employees in the United States have also individually donated more than $ 100,000 to congressional members . Taken separately , these associations may not amount to a smoking gun of profit and politics over people . But together , they represent a ruck of entanglements and potential conflicts of interest that must be adequately checked by the press . And the public must be mindful of these ties , lest they deliver on their potential to render safety subservient to a financial bottom line . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheila Krumholz and Dave Levinthal .	Toyota hearings were a major event on Capitol Hill Less visible were ties between Toyota and current , former members of Congress , co-authors say They say the public should be mindful of potential for abuses
CNN  -- Police arrested a woman Friday who they said accepted stolen beer from a delivery truck driven by the man who killed eight people and then himself in Connecticut this week . East Windsor , Connecticut , police arrested Christy Quail , 33 , and charged her with sixth-degree larceny after getting a videotape showing her accepting beer from a truck driven by Omar Thornton , according to dispatcher Sharon Bourke . Thornton went on a shooting rampage Tuesday after his employer , Hartford Distributors , said it had asked him to resign for stealing and selling alcoholic beverages . Thornton is not clearly shown in the videotape , which police are not releasing to the news media , Bourke said . Thornton 's girlfriend told CNN he was being racially harassed at work , but Hartford Distributors ' president said Thursday that there were no grievances filed with the company or with Thornton 's union . The company said it hired a private investigator to follow and videotape Thornton for several weeks after it was suspected he was stealing from his truck , according to CNN Hartford affiliate WFSB . Quail was processed at the East Windsor Police Department on Friday and released on bond , Bourke said . Her court date is set for August 17 . CNN 's Meg Miller contributed to this report .	Police say they have a videotape of the woman accepting stolen beer The Connecticut shooter is not clearly visible in tape Omar Thornton 's employer said it asked him to resign for stealing and selling its beverages
CNN  -- Mapping apps on phones have already replaced dedicated navigation devices for many drivers trying to find unfamiliar addresses . Now , Google Maps will notify drivers about more traffic jams as well . Google announced Tuesday that its mobile maps will now include real-time updates about accidents , construction and other potential sources of traffic snarls . The information will come from the 50 million users of Waze , the social-mapping app that Google bought in June for $ 1.1 billion . Google Maps already had some real-time traffic data from third-party providers and by pinpointing Android users ' GPS signals to estimate congestion on highways . But now that data will be bolstered by reports from actual drivers on the roads . Israeli startup Waze has built a vast network of motorists who crowdsource such data as commuter routes and road closures to help each other outsmart traffic jams in more than a dozen countries . Frequent users can even earn badges and real-world prizes . Waze won an award for Best Overall Mobile App award at the 2013 Mobile World Congress . Apple and Facebook were reportedly interested in buying the company before Google snapped it up . Starting Tuesday , Waze users ' reports on road conditions will appear on the Google Maps app for Android and iOS in the United States as well as Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador , France , Germany , Mexico , Panama , Peru , Switzerland and the UK . Users of Waze apps will now benefit from Google services as well . The Android and iOS versions of Waze have been updated with Google Search to help users find local businesses and landmarks . And Waze 's crowdsourced Map Editor now includes Google Street View and satellite imagery .	Google Maps ' mobile app now includes real-time updates on traffic , accidents Users ' reports of construction or road closures also will appear on the app The information comes via social-mapping app Waze , which Google bought this year
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Fay made landfall in southwestern Florida early Tuesday , coming ashore at Cape Romano just south of Marco Island , the National Hurricane Center said . Satellite image shows Tropical Storm Fay along Florida 's southwest coast at 11 p.m. ET Monday . Forecasters immediately dropped hurricane warnings for the storm as it never reached the 74 mph threshold necessary for hurricane status . It was the third landfall for the storm , which came ashore in western Cuba Sunday night and then again over Key West Monday afternoon . Voluntary evacuations were urged Monday evening on Marco Island , a community of about 12,000 people near Naples on southwestern Florida 's coast . However , a CNN crew reported many people seemed to be staying and few had boarded windows there . At of 5 a.m. ET Tuesday , the storm was moving north-northwest at 9 mph  15 km/hr  and was on the Florida coastline at Cape Romano , or about 55 miles  90 km  south of Fort Myers . Maximum sustained winds were near 60 mph  95 km/hr  , with higher gusts , and forecasters expected some strengthening prior to landfall . Tropical storm force winds extended up to 125 miles  205 km  . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video Fay is expected to continue in a north-northeasterly direction throughout the day , passing near Orlando , and entering the Atlantic as a tropical depression off the coast of northeastern Florida early Wednesday . Watch wind , rain batter Key West " A tropical storm warning wraps around the bottom of the Florida peninsula from Longboat Key on the Gulf Coast to Flagler Beach on the east . The Florida Keys from Ocean Reef to the west end of the Seven Mile Bridge are also included in the warning . Rainfall amounts up to 10 inches are expected across portions of southern and east-central Florida , with 4 to 8 inches elsewhere along the storm 's path . Isolated tornadoes are possible over the Florida Keys and the southern Florida peninsula , the center said .	NEW : Fay made landfall at Cape Romano just south of Marco Island NEW : Hurricane warnings dropped as Fay 's winds never reached 74 mph It was the third landfall for the storm , which came ashore in western Cuba Sunday Track Fay with CNN 's Hurricane Tracker
CNN  -- Forget old conspiracy theories about snake bites and fatal poisons . Egyptian King Ramesses III died after a brutal throat slashing , a new study says . The study provides the latest twist in a mystery that has long perplexed researchers . Did a venomous viper take him out ? Poison ? An assassination plot in a reign tainted by war ? And if it were the latter , who did it ? Read more : King Tut statue among missing Egypt treasures , minister says Researches say he died at the hands of a killer in a plot planned by one of his wives and a son who wanted to succeed him . Scans conducted after layers of bandages were removed revealed a deep cut in Ramesses III 's throat , probably made by a sharp knife during a royal coup , according to a study published by the British Medical Journal . "  Our CT analysis provides evidence that conspirators killed Ramesses III by cutting his throat , " the study says . His throat , neck and arteries were brutally slashed , causing an immediate death , according to the study , which highlights his final moments . Read more : Mummified cat walled up in 17th century ` witch 's cottage ' "  Damage to the throat after death appears to be unlikely , because the collar around the mummy 's neck was intact and undamaged at the unwrapping in 1886 , where a thick layer of bitumen was removed with a hammer from the mummy , " the study says . Speculation has raged over what led to his death . Read more : The battle for Egypt 's past "  Further evidence of an assassination comes from the presence of a Horus eye amulet in the wound , " the study says . "  The presence of the amulet deep in the soft tissue of the wound together with the homogeneous material that penetrated the wound up to the bone substantiate the supposition that the wound was already present at the time of embalming . " The study singles out one of his wives and her son as conspirators in the killing . A trial found the son , Pentawere , guilty , leading him to take his own life , it says . Read more : Extremist calls for destruction of Egyptian antiquities The unusual mummification of unknown man E , believed to be Pentawere , points to a "  nonroyal burial " that includes use of goat skin to cover his body . The procedure appears to be a punishment for conspiring against the king , according to the study . "  Use of goat or sheep skins in dynastic burials was rare because these materials were regarded ritually impure , " it says . A genetic study shows they had common lineage . Read more : British WWII fighter found in Egyptian desert King Ramesses III , who was referred to as "  the great god " in the study , ruled from about 1187 until 1156 BC . He was succeeded by another son , who was his preferred heir . CNN 's Richard A. Greene contributed to this report	New forensic evidence reveals a brutal throat slashing Scans conducted after layers of bandages are removed reveal a deep cut King Ramesses III ruled from about 1187 until 1156 BC Theories have raged over what led to his death
CNN  -- A woman and three children were killed in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , when a suspected robber fleeing in a car jumped a curb and struck them , police said Thursday . Four people were killed after a car fleeing police struck a home in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Wednesday . "  He literally cut a tree in half , " Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey said , "  then hit the 1-year-old , -LSB- who -RSB- was in a stroller . The other individuals were on the front porch of their own home . He struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose . " Latoya Smith , 22 , died Thursday from injuries in the crash , which occurred shortly after 7:30 p.m. Wednesday in the Fentonville area of north Philadelphia , police Capt. James Clark said . Smith 's daughter , Remedy Smith -- who would have turned 1 on Friday -- died at the scene , as did Alicia Griffin , 6 , and Gina Rosario , 7 , Clark said . Video of the scene showed a crumpled silver Pontiac on the sidewalk , pushed up against the front steps of a house and wedged against a tree . Watch police commissioner describe carnage " Donta Cradock , 18 , the alleged driver of the gray Pontiac , faces charges for theft of a motorcycle , the crime that allegedly triggered his flight , police said . Other charges are pending approval from the district attorney 's office , police said . "  We 're hopeful that it will be four counts of murder , " Clark said . Cradock and an alleged accomplice , Ivan Rodriguez , 20 , stole a motorcycle at gunpoint around 7:30 p.m. , he said . Rodriguez fled the scene on the motorcycle , while Cradock drove away in the Pontiac , Clark said . An unidentified person told a traffic police officer in the area about the alleged robbery and pointed out the Pontiac , he said . The police officer followed the car and tried to stop it at a traffic light , Clark said . "  At that point the Pontiac fled at a high rate of speed , " he said . The officer followed the vehicle , but lost sight of it , Clark said . The officer was not close enough to chase the car , police said , but eventually came across what Clark called a "  horrific accident . " Cradock was thrown from the Pontiac and is in the hospital , Clark said . He said a gun was recovered on the suspect . Rodriguez was arrested at his home , Clark said , and faces a theft charge . Both men have "  very extensive criminal histories , " Ramsey said . Bench warrants were out on them at the time of their arrest , Clark said . It was not immediately clear if the two had retained attorneys . CNN 's Mark Norman contributed to this report .	Donta Cradock , 18 , allegedly fled scene of motorcycle robbery in silver Pontiac Police chase ends when car hits home , killing Latoya Smith , 3 kids "  He struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose , " police say Cradock and accomplice face motorcycle theft charges ; others pending
CNN  It may bear more than a passing resemblance to Barad-dur , the dark fortress of Sauron depicted in the Lord of the Rings trilogy , but the Al Noor Tower could become the tallest building on the African continent if construction begins as planned later this year . The project is slated for the picturesque city of Casablanca in Morocco and is being proposed by Dubai-based construction firm , Middle East Development LLC , in conjunction with French architects Valode & Pistre . Aside from a stylishly swish exterior , features of the 114-story building include offices , apartments , a seven star luxury hotel , an art gallery and a luxury arcade of shops . While a definitive date for breaking ground has still to be settled , its location finalized and full agreement of the Moroccan authorities sought , the tower 's designer told CNN that the project is progressing as planned . "  Our goal is to start the soil testing in June 2015 , " said Amedee Santalo . "  Then the engineering studies will take another few months  six to nine  and the construction should take two and a half to three years maximum to be completed . " If permission is granted , Santalo believes the building will be the first of many large skyscrapers that will spring up across Africa in the coming years . He adds that this a sign of the continent 's growing strength and potential . At 540 meters tall  designed specifically as a recognition of Africa 's 54 countries  Al Noor would currently rank as the fifth tallest building in the world , in between Taipei 101  501 meters  and One World Trade Center  541 meters  , according to data from the Emporis building directory . "  Africa will have , in the next 15 years , thousands of towers , " Santalo said . "  The continent has an amazing potential with a lots of virgin places and a population of over a billion . " Santalo added that Morocco 's stability , favorable landscape and the fact that it was at the gateway between Europe and Africa made it an attractive location for such a large development . The current tallest building in Africa is the 223-meter tall Carlton Center in Johannesburg .	The Al Noor Tower in Casablanca has been proposed by a Dubai-based construction company At 540 meters it would be Africa 's tallest skyscraper upon completion Planning permission is still to be granted and a definitive site for the structure identified
CNN  -- Ronald Reagan once joked , "  Politics is not a bad profession . If you succeed , there are many rewards . If you disgrace yourself , you can always write a book . " Today , that joke would have to be updated to add that not only can you write a book , but you can also be on reality TV show , host cable news programs , run for office again and possibly even win . Disgraced politicians never die . They 're like Jason from the "  Friday the 13th " movies -- you just ca n't kill them . They keep coming at you like the political version of zombies . Sure , some fallen politicians still write books about their "  adventures . " Former Ohio congressman Bob Ney recently made the rounds on the talk show circuit to promote his new memoir . Ney , who resigned in 2006 , served more than a year in prison after pleading guilty to corruption charges in connection with the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal . But books are nothing compared to the other ways sullied politicians can profit off of their newly found infamy . Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer -- who resigned because he was caught frequenting prostitutes -- went on to host not one , but two different shows on cable TV . The first one was on CNN , and the second one was on Current TV . Then there 's exploiting your scandal in the time between when you 're indicted and convicted of the crime . Former Texas congressman Tom DeLay -- while under indictment and awaiting a trial date -- appeared as a contestant on the hit TV show "  Dancing with the Stars . " DeLay was later convicted of campaign finance violations and money laundering . But the guy who set the bar high for all disgraced politicians is former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich . After being removed from office by the state legislature and while under indictment , Blagojevich wrote a book about his scandal , went on "  The Daily Show " and "  Letterman " and was a contestant on Season 9 of Donald Trump 's "  The Celebrity Apprentice . " Blagojevich even appeared at the Wizard World Chicago Comic Con  a comic book convention  , where he charged $ 50 for autographs and $ 80 for a photo with him . He was subsequently convicted of corruption charges and sentenced to 14 years in prison . Among politicians who do n't end up in jail , some try hard to become elected officials again . They want to go back to the very place that caused their problems . It 's like a recovering drug addict asking to work at a meth lab -- not a good combo . Just look at former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who is running to fill a recently vacated Congressional seat . As a refresher , Sanford disappeared for six days in 2009 while governor . At first , Sanford 's office publicly stated that he was hiking the Appalachian Trail . However , we soon found out that he was actually in Argentina visiting the woman with whom he was having an extramarital affair . Sanford seeks ` redemption ' in wild congressional race Sanford later paid $ 74,000 to settle charges that he had misused state resources and campaign funds in conducting his affair . However , Sanford refused to resign and completed his term . Flash forward to March 19 : Sanford came in first in a crowded field of Republicans in the GOP Congressional primary . Recent polls show him with a 10-point lead over his opponent in the Republican primary runoff scheduled for April 2 . Sanford 's quest for forgiveness in return to political life And do n't forget Anthony Weiner , the former Democratic Congressman from New York City . As most people , and all comedians , vividly recall , Weiner had "  accidentally " tweeted photos of himself in his underwear to a young woman on Twitter . Weiner later admitted to having non-sexual but "  inappropriate " relationships with various women on social media . Weiner resigned from Congress a few weeks after the scandal broke in June 2011 . What 's Weiner up to now ? Apparently he has figured out how to use Twitter and is at least considering a return to politics . Weiner revealed he had spent more than $ 100,000 on polls recently to explore possibly running for office in New York City . What does it say about us that these disgraced politicians have success -- however fleetingly -- after their scandals ? Is it because we are a forgiving lot who believe in second chances if the person has sincerely apologized and seeks redemption ? Or is it because we are all infected with the reality-show mindset where we reward fame regardless of how it 's attained ? Plenty of people do n't distinguish between whether a person is famous for good or bad reasons . All that matters is if a person has made it to that semi-exclusive club of celebritydom . After that , enough people will support the person to merit securing a book deal , being cast on a reality show and maybe run for office . Look , I 'm all for redemption and second chances . But I 'm also aware that just like we saw with Jason in "  Friday the 13th " movies , the longer he 's alive , the more damage he will do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Disgraced politicians can write a book , go on TV , run for office again Obeidallah : Fallen politicians never die , just like zombies Just think of Bob Ney , Eliot Spitzer , Tom DeLay , Rod Blagojevich , Mark Sanford , he says Obeidallah : Are we so forgiving because we reward fame regardless of how it 's attained ?
On a dusty , remote ranch across the Rio Grande from this Texas border town , an intimidating drug lord stood over 13-year-old Rosalio Reta and handed him a gun . Reta did n't know who the man was , but it was clear he instilled fear and commanded respect among everyone standing around watching the dramatic scene unfold . The American teen had never before met anyone who carried a pistol adorned with such an unforgettable decoration : the number "  40 " encrusted in diamonds on the handle . The cartel leader looked at Reta and ordered him to shoot and kill a man tied up on the ground . If he refused to murder the stranger , Reta recalls , the drug lord would have killed him . Rosalio Reta 's career as a teen drug cartel assassin had begun . "  I knew that my life had just changed forever , " Reta told CNN this week , 11 years later . "  That 's a day that I 'm never going to be able to forget . After that , I did n't have no life . " Reta 's boyhood friend Gabriel Cardona says he started his life as a criminal by stealing cars and selling them across the border in Mexico . He graduated to smuggling drugs and weapons across the Rio Grande . Cardona says it was n't long before he also became a drug cartel assassin . He was only 16 . Reta and Cardona agreed to give CNN rare interviews from the Texas prisons where both men are serving life sentences for murder . They offered a first-hand glimpse inside the sinister world of drug cartels , a world that plagues innocent people on both sides of the border . The mysterious drug lord who ordered Reta to shoot the stranger at the ranch that day , Reta says , was Miguel Angel Trevino . For years , Trevino was the unrivaled leader of the ruthless Zetas drug cartel until police arrested him last month just outside Nuevo Laredo , Mexico . Trevino , 40 , faces charges of organized crime , homicide , torture and money laundering , a Mexican government security spokesman told reporters in July . There were at least seven warrants for his arrest . Many Zeta leaders often use numbers as their cartel nicknames . On the streets of Mexico , Trevino was known as "  Z-40 . " One of the most feared and powerful drug kingpins in the world , Trevino took drug cartel brutality to never-before-seen levels . Mexican and United States law enforcement agencies accuse Trevino of killing hundreds of people while laundering hundreds of millions of dollars . Although Z-40 virtually ruled northern Mexico without fear , as Reta came to know him he began to see Trevino as a regular guy . Reta watched others respond to Trevino 's tough leadership . Trevino had built control and protection systems to insulate his organization at every level from law enforcement agencies and politicians . To make a point , sometimes Trevino sent messages along with decapitated corpses of rival cartel members , said Reta . "  Absolute control , " Reta said of Trevino 's power . "  In a gun battle , in a confrontation , he 's the first one to get out of his truck and lead his people . He 's not going to ask people to do something that he 's not willing to do himself . That 's why a lot of people follow him . " Entering the narco world ` lifestyle ' Reta , 24 , and Cardona , 26 , still bear signs of their years as feared assassins . Reta has bizarre markings around his eyes ; Cardona has drawings of eyeballs tattooed on his eyelids . A large image of "  Santa Muerte " -- or Saint of Death -- marks Cardona 's back . Denounced by Mexico 's Catholic Church , Santa Muerte is a popular symbol among drug traffickers . CNN was first to broadcast the police interrogation videos from which the world first learned about Reta and Cardona , sparking worldwide fascination with both men and making them infamous legends of a narco world . Cardona and Reta grew up on Lincoln Street in Laredo , just a few blocks from the city 's largest border crossing checkpoint . Over the years the ramshackle neighborhood has developed into a discarded border region where homes sit on dilapidated foundations and families live under crumbling rooftops . Reta was one of 10 children and Cardona was one of five boys whose father disappeared early in his life . "  On the border , a lot of people get dragged into this lifestyle , " Reta said . "  But what we fail to see is that we do it to ourselves . " Reta was a young boy headed down the wrong path . He had followed two friends to the ranch across the border where he was ordered to kill for the first time . The friends were mingling with questionable characters but he was "  curious " about the narco world . When Reta arrived at the ranch , it was a crash course in drug cartel culture . "  They were torturing people and getting information from them , " said Reta . "  I could n't believe what I was seeing . People getting tortured , killed , decapitated . It was kind of hard to believe . " Cardona was also making a name for himself at that time , and impressing the same narco leaders . If eyes are a window into the soul then unraveling the myth of Gabriel Cardona gets complicated . And like everything in the violent world of drug cartels , unraveling truth and myth seems fleeting . On the surface , Gabriel Cardona 's eyes belong to a baby face . If you know nothing about him , it 's hard to imagine he could have been a lethal assassin . But then there are those eyes tattooed on his eyelids . When you see those , they seem like the window into the cold , calculated soul that made Cardona a notoriously effective killer for the Zetas . Cardona smiled when asked how many people he remembers killing for the Zetas . "  I have no idea , " Cardona said . "  It 's a violent world . " After some prodding , Cardona estimates he probably killed close to 30 people in less than two years . Cardona and Reta say they were paid thousands of dollars a week just to be available -- ready at all times to answer the call to kill . When orders from cartel leaders came , the men would begin hunting their prey . Opinion : Horror wo n't end with cartel leader 's arrest It 's hard to pinpoint just how much money they were paid . Cardona claims he was spending more than $ 10,000 a week . The men say cartel leaders provided them with a house and extravagant cars . Cardona was often seen driving around town in a Mercedes . For each ordered hit , they said , they were paid an extra fee -- about $ 10,000 , and sometimes even more depending on the importance of the targeted victim . The money and lifestyle were so seductive and intoxicating that both teenagers dropped out of school and started living the high-rolling , lavish lifestyle . Reta dropped out sixth grade ; Cardona left school in ninth grade . "  It gives you that sense that you could do anything without being touched and having that sense of power , " Cardona said . "  You think that it 's not going to end because it just keeps coming . " In interrogation videos made shortly after his arrest in 2009 , Reta told a Laredo police detective how killing made him feel like "  Superman . " Related : U.S. teens were hit men for Mexican cartel The job of a cartel assassin is n't one most people grow old and retire from . They either end up in prison , or it 's likely their tortured corpse will be left along a blood-soaked path to nowhere in the Mexican countryside . Cardona and Reta did n't last long in that world . They each say they lived the life for about three years , Cardona from age 16 to 19 ; Reta , from age 13 to 16 . Eventually Laredo police detectives zeroed in on the teen assassins . Cardona was arrested and pleaded guilty to killing seven men and to conspiracy to kidnap and kill in a foreign country . He was sentenced to more than 80 years in prison . Reta said he began to fear that rival cartel members were getting close to killing him as retribution , so while working on an assignment in Monterrey , Mexico , he called a contact at the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and surrendered . Reta pleaded guilty to two murders and was handed two prison sentences , of 30 and 40 years . "  I 've come to regret everything I 've done , " Reta said . "  I could n't take it anymore . It was real hard for me . I was n't living my life . " For his part , Cardona is not as remorseful . He does n't spend a lot of time thinking about the violence he wielded , he said . His mind is n't haunted by violent images from his former life . "  I 'm really a good person , " he said . "  It just happened . " "  I always had thought that if I die , it 's going to be by a bullet in the head , " he said . "  I never thought that I was going to die in prison . "	Two men reveal details about their lives as teen drug cartel assassins Now in prison , Rosalio Reta and Gabriel Cardona were hit men for drug lord "  Z-40 " For each killing , they say , they each were paid about $ 10,000 Their stories offer a glimpse into a dark world that threatens countless Mexicans and Americans
CNN  -- Jury selection begins Thursday in a Greensboro , North Carolina , federal courtroom in the trial of former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards . Edwards is charged with six felony and misdemeanor counts related to the money dealings of his failed 2008 presidential campaign . Rielle Hunter , Edwards ' former mistress , is expected to testify at the trial . A major issue in the approaching trial is whether money given to support Hunter , by the former candidate 's benefactors , should have been considered donations toward his presidential campaign . Edwards denies any wrongdoing , claiming the money was a gift . Edwards is accused of conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws . If convicted on all counts , Edwards could face 30 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 1.5 million . Edwards ' attorneys have claimed the investigation and prosecution are politically motivated , and the charges do not clearly establish any violation of election law . Edwards was Sen. John Kerry 's running mate on the 2004 Democratic presidential ticket . His wife , Elizabeth , died of cancer in December 2010 . Elizabeth and John Edwards separated that year , shortly after he admitted that he had fathered a daughter with Hunter , who was hired to make documentary videos for his 2008 campaign . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	If convicted on all counts , John Edwards could face 30 years in prison Edwards ' upcoming criminal trial will look at whether campaign money went to Rielle Hunter Hunter , Edwards ' former mistress , was hired to make documentary videos for 2008 campaign Edwards denies any wrongdoing
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II laid out the British government 's plans for the coming year in a speech Wednesday marked by pomp and tradition . In the speech scripted by politicians but read in the House of Lords by the monarch , she said her ministers would reduce the deficit , strengthen regulation of the financial sector , work to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons and promote stability in Afghanistan . The government will also act on proposals to force banks to split their retail and investment operations , she said . The speech lasted about 10 minutes , less time than it took her to travel by carriage from Buckingham Palace to Parliament . In keeping with custom , her crown made the journey in a separate coach , and she donned her royal regalia in the Robing Room of the Palace of Westminster , the official name for the building where Parliament meets . Once the queen arrives for her annual speech , her official messenger , known as the Black Rod , goes to the House of Commons to summon lawmakers to her speech . By tradition , the door is slammed in his face , and he is required to pound on the door with his rod to get the attention of members of Parliament . The lawmakers then follow the Black Rod to the House of Lords , where the queen reads a speech written by politicians outlining their legislative priorities . The monarch is not allowed to enter the House of Commons , where the elected members of Parliament sit , in memory of the failed effort of King Charles I to arrest lawmakers in the 17th century on the eve of the English Civil War . Elizabeth is celebrating her Diamond Jubilee this year , marking 60 years on the throne .	NEW : Queen Elizabeth II calls for banking reform and warns about Iran British queen delivers a speech each year scripted by politicians for her to read Her messenger , the Black Rod , summons lawmakers to her speech Elizabeth is marking her Diamond Jubilee , 60 years on the throne
CNN  ISIS has apparently taken a heavy hit over the past several days . The bodies of at least 70 fighters for the terror group have been dropped off over four days at a hospital in the Syrian town of Tal Abyad , a Syrian opposition group told CNN . Tal Abyad is on the Turkish border and about 80 kilometers  50 miles  from Raqqa . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took control of Raqqa last year . ISIS uses the once-liberal city as a kind of headquarters where it applies its hardline interpretation of Islamic law , terrorizing the population . Kurdish and Iraqi forces have been battling ISIS on the ground . With the help of airstrikes from an international coalition led by the United States , the foot soldiers are now focused on pushing ISIS back from its relentless attempt to take Kobani , a Kurdish town on the Syrian-Turkish border . It 's unclear who dropped the bodies of the ISIS fighters off at the hospital , but it was likely other fighters from the militant group , because they control Tal Abyad . Sources who work in local medicine confirmed the events to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a group that promotes ending the longstanding regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The group is based in London and first formed when violence broke out in Syria in 2011 , much of it geared toward ousting al-Assad . Kobani now is the scene of an unrelenting battle . On Sunday , the brief moments of calm were punctuated by sounds of firing from both sides . ISIS has shelled the city at least 16 times , sources say , while coalition planes fly low overhead . The strategy against ISIS is working , said U.S. Central Command Gen. Lloyd Austin on Friday . He also said that Kobani could fall . U.S. warplanes struck only twice Friday and Saturday in the city , Central Command said , both times targeting ISIS fighting positions . That 's far fewer strikes than days before . U.S. jets flew at least 14 missions near Kobani on Thursday and Friday , the military reported . It will take "  strategic patience " to beat ISIS , Austin said . The U.S. has generally downplayed the importance of Kobani as a key city in the battle against the militants . U.S. military : Airstrikes alone wo n't save Kobani However , if ISIS takes Kobani , that would mean it would control land between Raqqa and Turkey -- about 100 kilometers  60 miles  . CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	Syrian Observatory says ISIS bodies dropped at hospital in town controlled by ISIS Kurdish and Iraqi forces battle ISIS for control of Kobani on the Syrian-Turkish border Brief calm in Kobani punctuated by sounds of gunfire
CNN  -- Inter Milan cruised into the final of the Club World Cup after beating Asian champions Seongnam Ilhwa 3-0 in Abu Dhabi . The European champions , who have struggled to replicate last year 's form , when they claimed the Champions League , Italian Serie A title and Italian Cup , will now face African champions TP Mazembe in Saturday 's showpiece after this comfortable victory . Despite the setback of playmaker Wesley Sneijder limping off injured early in the match , Inter were always in control and took the lead in just the third minute when Dejan Stankovic coolly slotted the ball home from the edge of the area . And that advantage was doubled in the 32nd minute when same superb interplay between Argentine duo Javier Zanetti and Diego Milito resulted in captain Zanetti sliding the ball past Seongnam goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong . The victory was sealed 17 minutes from time when Milito , making his return to action after five weeks on the sidelines , stabbed home a rebound after Samuel Eto'o 's shot was parried by Jung . Meanwhile , the fifth-place play-off was won by Mexican side Pachuca , who rallied from going two goals behind to defeat local side Al-Wahda on penalties , after the match finished 2-2 . A late double from Dario Cvitanich sent the match into extra time , where no further goals were scored . That left the lottery of the shoot-out and it was the Mexican side who prevailed , winning 4-2 on penalties .	European champions Inter Milan cruise into the final of the Club World Cup Inter defeat Asian champions Seongnam Ilhwa 3-0 in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday They will now play African champions TP Mazembe in Saturday 's showpiece
CNN  -- What happened in Tunisia in the last nine months is momentous , an ongoing event of real historical importance . When in January of this year Zine el Abidine Ben Ali left the country after he indulged in a ` Presidency ' that lasted almost 24 years , Tunisians were hopeful , yet also slightly anxious about the future . Now they have voted in the first free and fair elections in the country 's history . Voter turnout has reportedly been very high . International observers confirmed that the electoral process has been sound . Tunisians have rallied around these elections as a focal point for a new chapter in their history . The Islamically oriented Ennahda has won more seats than any other party . Previously banned , the party is heavily influenced by the ideas of Rachid Ghannouchi who returned to Tunisia from exile in London earlier this year . If at the beginning of his political career , Ghannouchi flirted with rather more radical forms of Islamism , including the revolutionary model in Iran , he made it clear upon his arrival in Tunis that he should not be compared to Ayatollah Khomeini , the leader of the Islamic revolution of 1979 . The success of Ennahda is indicative of a wider ideational trend that has engulfed the Arab-Islamic world for quite some time now : the shift from ideological Islam to civic Islam  al-Islam al-madaniya  or what I have called a "  post-modernised Islam " elsewhere . The democratic commitment of movements such as Ennahda , but also the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , the Justice and Development Party in Turkey and the reformists in Iran is the outcome of changed attitudes towards the functions of religion in the political sphere . What is slowly being engineered is an Islam that is geared to cultural emancipation , rather than ideological indoctrination . Post-modern Islam is politically secular and operates in a distinctly pragmatist mode . As such it is entirely promiscuous in its choice of strategies and allies . There are almost no taboos when it comes to this new breed of "  Islamists . " This is very different from the heydays of modern Islamism whose godfather , Sayyid Qutb , and Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna had very specific and rather doctrinal ideas about the function of Islam in politics . From the perspective of Qutb , Islam was a revolutionary ideology that required a vanguard of committed and pious activists in order to take over the state and to establish an "  authentically " Muslim order . Political power had to be assumed , if necessary by force . Islam would function not only in the cultural sphere as a nodal point for Muslim-majority societies . Islam would constitute the sovereignty of the state and its organs . It would be a total Islam , intrusive and radical . Times have changed . Today , post-modern Islam is primarily geared to the cultural and socio-economic preferences of the burgeoning middle-classes in the region whose politics is certainly not revolutionary . Neither does the emergence of this post-modern Islam necessarily translate into virulent anti-Americanism . Nonetheless , parties like Ennahda are very likely to steer toward a rather more equidistant relationship to the United States . They are also likely to confront Israel more vigorously on the Palestinian issue , quite comparable to the current policies of Turkey which has suspended military and intelligence cooperation with Israel over the killing of Turkish aid workers on the flotilla that was bound for Gaza last year . As such , "  post-modern Islam " retains the emphasis on independence demanded by the first generation of Islamists . So with the emergence of electoral politics out of the Arab revolts , we are witnessing the establishment of viable democratic structures that are carried forward by functioning civil societies . The time of one-man dictatorships that are subservient to outside demands because of a lack of domestic legitimacy is over . During this process of confrontation between state and society , Islamic politics have been transformed from revolutionary Islamism which peaked in Iran in 1979 to the emergence of a post-modern , secularised , democratic , civic Islam that is a part of the political mix in Muslim-majority societies today . Tunisians made the first step to that end in the Arab world and the elections must be considered a milestone in their struggle for freedom and democracy . The Tunisian government that will emerge in the next weeks and months will rule with the mandate of the people and the momentum of a mass revolt behind it . In light of the evidence on the ground , one has to remain hopeful that the new Tunisia will not squander the opportunity that history has given it .	Moderate Islamist party Ennahda wins plurality of votes in Tunisia election Adib-Moghaddam : Election signals shift from ideological Islam to civic Islam Adib-Moghaddam : Time of one-man dictatorships in region is over
CNN  The Seattle Seahawks not only lost the Super Bowl this week , but they also lost a longtime fan . Michael Vedvik , 53 , a Seahawks fan since the 1970s , died early Monday of a heart attack . His wife , Stephanie Vedvik , remembers him as a "  vibrant " football fan with a "  large personality . " During the football season , she says , he wore something with a Seahawks logo on it every day , even to work . An obituary that appeared in The  Spokane  Spokesman-Review describes him as a small business owner in Kent , Washington , who loved his family , his work and the Seahawks . The obit also blames the Seahawks ' "  lousy play call for Mike 's untimely demise , " which Stephanie Vedvik says was a joke meant to cheer up her husband 's loved ones . "  He was his own person , and he would have loved it , " Vedvik said . "  We have gotten a little criticism , but it was an obituary just meant for our family and our friends , and it was meant to lighten it up for us . " His death , Vedvik said , "  just devastated our whole family . " She said she was too upset to write the obituary , so his sister did it . "  She sent me the copy and it was just standard and I said , ` OK , that 's fine , ' and then she said , ` Well , Dan  her husband  wanted to add this line . I think it 's funny . What do you think ? ' and I said , ' I think it 's great , I think Michael would have just loved it . ' If I had read this to him about somebody else , he would have had a laugh and thought it was hysterical , " Vedvik said . "  It was like my last joke , this was a man who married me in Las Vegas in front of Elvis 11 years ago because he did n't want a traditional wedding -- he wanted it to be fun . He would n't have us all sitting around crying like we had been doing . " Vedvik said that they were happy to see the Seahawks win the Super Bowl last year , but that sadly her husband never even learned the score of this year 's big game . The Seahawks lost Super Bowl XLIX to the New England Patriots 28-24 . With seconds to play on the 1-yard-line , Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll called for a pass , and Malcolm Butler made a game-saving interception for the Patriots . A questionable decision to pass , a brawl and other key Super Bowl moments "  He was really looking forward to the Super Bowl all week , but he had n't been feeling well so he thought he could watch it later , " Vedvik said . "  He went up to bed , this had been something going on for a while , and I had been trying to get him to go to the doctor , and I went up to check on him periodically , he had been sleeping . He thought he had indigestion , he thought maybe it was a little bit of stress . ... He did n't think it was serious . " Vedvik said she thinks her husband may have had a hand in making this story go viral . "  He would have loved being famous for 15 minutes . He loved the Seahawks , and he had a great sense of humor , " she said . CNN reached out to the Seahawks for comment but was unsuccessful . Michael Vedvik 's funeral is set for Saturday at a church in Mead , Washington .	Longtime Seattle Seahawks fan Michael Vedvik , 53 , died of heart attack Obituary blames the Seahawks ' "  lousy play call for Mike 's untimely demise " Wife says joke about Super Bowl loss was "  meant to lighten it up for us "
CNN  -- One of the key aspects to gaining control of the fast-moving cholera outbreak in Haiti is the simplest of human necessities , actor and activist Sean Penn told CNN 's "  AC360 ° . " People must stop using contaminated water , he said , noting that they will only do that if clean water is provided . "  So , whether that 's through filtration systems or trucked in water , this is going to be the essential element -- water , water , water , " Penn said in an interview that aired Monday . Penn , a co-founder of Haitian relief organization J/P HRO , visited Haiti over the weekend -- days after news broke about the cholera outbreak in the earthquake-ravaged country . "  It 's bad , " Penn said of the conditions in the Caribbean nation , devastated by a magnitude 7.0 earthquake on January 12 which killed nearly a quarter million people , left more than 1.6 million people homeless and destroyed homes , commercial buildings and basic infrastructure . And the cholera outbreak has made a bad situation worse , he said . "  What we know about it at this point is that it is affecting a very regional area , in particular the epicenter of it , but it 's spreading very fast , " he said . Penn also told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that he was concerned about whether there were enough medical supplies and personnel available in Haiti to treat those infected by the fast-moving outbreak . Reaching patients with medication and treatment within a specific time frame is of the utmost importance , he said , and medical supplies could be caught up in bureaucratic processing at warehouses . "  Now we have this terrible epidemic , and if it hits camps ... we 're going to have a devastation that nobody wants to see , " he said . The actor 's relief organization runs one of the many camps sheltering Haitians until more permanent housing is available , and Penn said his camp is preparing to treat patients with cholera if that becomes necessary . "  We 're stockpiling -LSB- supplies -RSB- now , but it 's slow , and our access has been disappointing to those supplies in country . We have those things that we 're initiating ourselves , and with support , we 'll be able to do a lot more , " he said . With the help of Oxfam , J/P HRO 's camp has chlorinated water , Penn said . "  While it 's not pleasant to drink , it 's safe to drink and to wash with and to wash fruits and vegetables with . There are many , many camps that do n't have those services , " he said . iReport : Experiencing cholera in Haiti In the interview , Penn also weighed in on the slow pace of the recovery effort in Haiti , one of the poorest nations in the Western Hemisphere . To get people out of camps in Port-au-Prince , he said , 400,000 temporary shelters must be built , he said . So far , 17,000 have been constructed , according to U.S. Agency for International Development . "  The camps are a devastation . We have probably the best-organized camp , and it 's a terrible place to live . It does n't provide dignity , pride , health , security on any human reasonable level . And yet , this is where they 're going to be for some time , " he said . "  I do n't want to make predictions on how long it 's going to be . Our job is to work every day to give them other options . But it 's going to be a long time . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Sean Penn says he visited Haiti over the weekend Penn says he 's worried supplies may be stuck in bureaucracy and slow to reach patients The actor says his camp is preparing to treat patients with cholera
CNN  -- Attention passengers : United Airlines is cracking down on travelers with oversized carry-on luggage . The airline says it is motivated not by money -- the airline charges $ 25 for checked luggage -- but by complaints that some passengers are hogging space in the overhead bins . To address those gripes , United recently e-mailed frequent fliers reminding them of the size restrictions for carry-ons . And employees were told to keep an eye out for large carry-on bags . "  This is solely about ensuring the greatest number of customers with standard-sized carry-ons are able to store them onboard , " a spokesman said . The airline stressed it is not changing its policy but is trying to more strictly enforce it . If your bag does n't fit in the bag measure at the security line , be prepared to be directed back to the ticket counter to check the bag for a $ 25 bag fee . Passengers who get through the security checkpoint with an oversized bag will not be sent back to the ticket counter , a spokesman said . Instead , the bag will be gate-checked for free . Even if your large carry-on could technically be squeezed into the bin , United said it takes away space from other customers if it 's not within the size restrictions  9 x 14 x 22 inches , including handles and wheels . The airline retrofitted 152 airbus planes with larger bins . They say their newer planes acquired in the past 10 years also have larger bins . Oversized carry-ons is a frequent problem on domestic flights and less so on international flights , since most international fliers headed to a destination for a longer period usually check luggage . How to avoid baggage fees : Wear your luggage A tale of lost luggage and faith in government restored TSA loosens rules on international alcohol What do you think ? Are you a bin hog ? How should airlines manage bin space ?	United Airlines says it will more strictly enforce its carry-on policy The airline said the move was prompted by complaints about bin hogging The policy has n't changed but more oversized bags may end up checked for $ 25
EW.com  -- The 2013 box office has been stuck in a bit of a rut . For nine of the past ten weekends , overall grosses have lagged behind 2012 totals , and high-profile releases like "  Jack the Giant Slayer , " "  The Host , " "  Beautiful Creatures , " and "  A Good Day to Die Hard " have badly misfired . That 's why industry folks are likely breathing a sigh of relief this morning looking at the box office chart . Not only did "  Evil Dead " and "  Jurassic Park 3D " both open successfully , but six separate films earned over $ 10 million during the Friday-to-Sunday period . It 's an encouraging sign of industry health as Hollywood gears up for the lucrative summer movie season . "  Evil Dead , " a new remake of Sam Raimi 's 1981 cult classic , led the way with $ 24.2 million . Sony is boasting a $ 26 million frame , which includes the $ 1.8 million the film earned at Thursday night shows . The horror film scared up more in its opening weekend than "  Texas Chainsaw 3D , " which debuted to $ 21.7 million in January , but less than "  Mama , " which took of with $ 28.4 million in February . Although "  Evil Dead " is already a big winner for TriStar , FilmDistrict , and Ghost House Pictures , which made it for just $ 17 million , the film will have limited longevity in the weeks to come , as evidenced by its frontloaded performance thus far . "  Evil Dead " dropped 15 percent from Friday  $ 10.1 million  to Saturday  $ 8.8 million  , and a weak "  C + " CinemaScore suggests the film is n't connecting with audiences outside its core horror-junkie demographic . "  Evil Dead " could return to the grave with about $ 50 million when all is said and done . The film 's success must be gratifying for Sam Raimi , who directed the original and has his own picture in the Top 10 this week -- "  Oz The Great and Powerful " finished in seventh place with $ 8.2 million and has now earned $ 454.1 million worldwide . ` SNL ' : Melissa McCarthy does it again Fox 's $ 135 million animated hit "  The Croods " continued to benefit from being the only family release in theaters right now . The cave people comedy dropped 21 percent in its third weekend to $ 21.1 million , giving it a $ 125.8 million total and lots of time to continue evolving . The Croods will easily surpass the domestic totals of Fox 's most recent animated efforts , "  Ice Age : Continental Drift "  $ 161.3 million  and Rio  $ 143.6 million  , and if it maintains its slim week-to-week drops , it should finish close to $ 200 million . Internationally , the film has already passed that mark with $ 206.8 million -- $ 34.1 million of which came from this weekend . High-octane sequel "  G.I. Joe : Retaliation " tied "  The Croods " for second place with $ 21.1 million -- when studios report final numbers tomorrow , the exact rankings will be clarified . "  Retaliation " fell 48 percent from its first weekend and has now commanded $ 86.7 million after 11 days . At the same point in its run , predecessor "  G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra " had earned $ 101.2 million , and the sequel will almost certainly fall short of "  Cobra 's " $ 150.2 million domestic total . Fortunately , Retaliation , which comes from studios Paramount , MGM , and Skydance , is making up ground internationally , where it has earned $ 145.2 million after only two weekends  "  Cobra 's " overseas total was $ 152.3 million  , giving it $ 231.8 million globally . Miranda Lambert wins ACM , salutes Carrie For star Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , who assumed the lead role in the "  G.I. Joe " franchise , "  Retaliation " is kicking off what 's sure to be an impressive few months of his box office career . On April 26 , his Mark Wahlberg action-collab "  Pain and Gain " hits theaters , and on May 24 , surefire smash Fast & Furious 6 will race to profitability . Do you smell what The Rock is cooking ? Hits !  Ok , with the exception of Snitch , which only earned $ 41.8 million earlier this year . Universal 's re-release "  Jurassic Park 3D , " the latest entry in the 3-D re-release fad kickstarted by "  The Lion King " 3D 's $ 94.1 million haul in 2011 , stomped away with $ 18.2 million in its first weekend . IMAX screens accounted for $ 6 million of that figure . The dinosaur film  read a wonderful oral history of it HERE  had better start than Titanic 3D , which debuted to $ 17.3 million , but behind Star Wars : Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace 3D , which opened with $ 22.4 million . All told , the Steven Spielberg classic might score about $ 50 -- 60 million , a tremendous result considering it only cost Universal $ 10 million to convert to 3D . Lisa Vanderpump faints during ` DWTS ' prep The presidential thriller "  Olympus Has Fallen " snuck past Tyler Perry 's "  Temptation " to take fifth place , though both films earned about $ 10 million for the weekend . Olympus dipped only 29 percent in its third weekend , giving it a $ 71.1 million total against a $ 70 million budget . The White House action flick has proven to be a nice performer for star Gerard Butler , who was coming off a string of flops , as well as distributor FilmDistrict . Olympus has surpassed Insidious  $ 54 million total  as the young studio 's biggest hit . Lionsgate 's Temptation , meanwhile , stumbled 54 percent to $ 10 million , giving it a nice ten-day total of $ 38.3 million versus a $ 20 million budget . 1 . Evil Dead -- $ 24.2 million 2 . The Croods -- $ 21.1 million 2 . G.I. Joe : Retaliation -- $ 21 million 4 . Jurassic Park -- $ 18.2 million 5 . Olympus Has Fallen -- $ 10 million 6 . Tyler Perry 's Temptation -- $ 10 million In limited release , the Bradley Cooper/Ryan Gosling drama "  The Place Beyond the Pines " continued to excel . This weekend , the film expanded from four to 30 theaters , where it earned $ 695,000 , giving it another scorching location average of $ 23,167 . Focus Features plans to keep rolling out the $ 15 million film in the weeks to come . Danny Boyle 's "  Trance " also opened in four theaters this weekend , and earned encouraging results . The film , which stars Rosario Dawson , earned $ 136,000 -- yielding a per theater average of $ 36,000 . Fox Searchlight plans to expand the film into 375-400 locations next weekend . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Evil Dead " and "  Jurassic Park 3D " both opened successfully Six separate films earned over $ 10 million during the Friday-to-Sunday period "  Evil Dead , " a remake of Sam Raimi 's 1981 cult classic , led the way with $ 24.2 mil
Leland Yee needed cash . First , the ambitious California state senator had to fund his 2011 race for mayor of San Francisco . When he came in fifth , he was stuck with $ 70,000 in campaign debt that he had to retire before he could mount his next run , for secretary of state -- a costly statewide venture . And that 's how prosecutors say Yee ended up sitting across from an undercover federal agent in a coffee shop in early March , brokering what he was told was a $ 2 million arms deal that would include the purchase of shoulder-fired missiles from Islamic rebels in the Philippines . "  Do I think we can make some money ? I think we can make some money , " Yee told the agent in a conversation recounted in a 137-page arrest affidavit . "  Do I think we can get the goods ? I think we can get the goods . " The veteran Democrat , an advocate for gun control and campaign finance reform in Sacramento , is now one of about two dozen people charged in a sprawling racketeering case brought by the U.S. attorney 's office in San Francisco . His co-defendants include a former San Francisco school board president and a previously-convicted Chinatown mobster dubbed "  Shrimp Boy . " He 's accused of putting his public office up for sale , and promising to push donors ' agendas in Sacramento and in his district in exchange for contributions . The allegations have stunned his constituents in San Francisco and its suburbs and cast a shadow over his state Senate colleagues , who have suspended Yee and two other Democrats who have run afoul of the law in recent months . Yee has been free on $ 500,000 bond since his arrest . Though neither he nor his lawyer have commented to CNN on the allegations , the senator pleaded not guilty in a court appearance Tuesday morning . And he got a sort of backhanded defense from longtime California powerbroker Willie Brown . "  I do n't think any of the allegations are anyplace close to any reality , " Brown told CNN -- but he said that 's because Yee lacked the clout to fulfill any of the pledges he made . "  There 's no way anyone who is seriously trying to influence government by way of money would do it with Leland . Period . He could n't deliver anything , " said Brown , San Francisco 's former mayor and onetime speaker of the State Assembly . ` Careful and cautious ' The 65-year-old Yee came to the feds ' attention during a five-year probe of the Chee Kung Tong , a Chinatown social club that agents describe as the hub of a coast-to-coast criminal enterprise . The original focus of the probe was the club 's "  dragonhead , " or leader , Raymond "  Shrimp Boy " Chow -- a man the affidavit puts at the head of a racketeering ring that had its hands in money laundering , drug dealing , gunrunning , murder-for-hire plots and trafficking in stolen liquor and contraband cigarettes . Chow 's lawyer , Tony Serra , proclaimed his client 's innocence to reporters outside the courtroom Tuesday . Chow had pleaded guilty to racketeering in 2000 , got a lighter sentence for cooperating with the government and still wears an ankle monitoring bracelet , court documents say . In this case , he fell victim to "  agent provocateurs " who tried to lure him into a crime , Serra , said after Tuesday 's hearing . "  It 's a case where ultimately the government created the crime , the government financed the crime and the government ensnared my client , tantamount to entrapment , " Serra said . But according to the court documents , Chow had taken two undercover FBI agents into his confidence . He introduced one , who was posing as a Mafia member from the East Coast , to Keith Jackson , a San Francisco political consultant and former school board president . Jackson started hitting up the agent for contributions for Yee , according to the charges . The agent refused at first . But then he introduced another undercover agent to meet with Yee , who offered to "  perform certain official acts " in exchange for contributions to pay off his mayoral campaign debt , the affidavit recounts . Over the course of the next three years , prosecutors say Yee raked in about $ 50,000 from undercover agents , with Jackson acting as an intermediary . In exchange , according to the charges , Yee lobbied officials in suburban San Mateo County on behalf of a fake software company represented by one of the federal agents ; promised to lobby colleagues on behalf of a medical marijuana bill that would have benefited the supposed interest of another donor ; and for $ 6,800 , secured a state Senate proclamation honoring the Chee Kung Tong . Though Yee periodically said he was n't doing anything for his own benefit and raised concerns about crossing the line into unlawful "  pay-to-play " tactics , he "  never walked away from any quid pro quo requests , " according to the affidavit . And eventually , the agents ' relationships with Yee led to the coffeehouse last month , where prosecutors say he introduced the supposed East Coast mobster to a man he said could provide guns and rockets . It had taken more than three months of cajoling and another $ 6,000 to get to this point , according to the arrest affidavit . The document recounts how Jackson , who served with Yee on the city school board in the 1990s , promised Yee 's associate could supply "  cargo containers full of weapons " from Philippine insurgents . In taking the money , Jackson told the agent that Yee "  fully understood " the money was for being introduced to arms dealer : "  We just talked about that today , " the affidavit quotes Jackson as saying . Jackson is accused not only of being Yee 's bagman but of taking part in other Chee Kung Tong schemes , including a murder-for-hire plot . But in court papers seeking to continue his release on bail , his attorneys argue that the crimes he 's accused of committing "  were all driven by government agents . " "  The government , despite having apparently targeted Mr. Jackson since 2011 , has not charged Mr. Jackson with one dangerous offense that was not inspired by a government agent , " attorney James Brosnahan wrote . "  In short , the government agents created the purported danger that the government now seeks to use to incarcerate Mr. Jackson . " Yee suspected something was up in the weeks before his arrest . In February , he said he believed one of his fellow senators "  was wearing a ` wire ' for the FBI . ' " "  Senator Yee attributed his long career in public office to being careful and cautious , " the arrest affidavit recounts . His partner in that conversation ? An FBI agent . A ` sense of entitlement ' Yee has been in public office since 1988 , when he won a seat on the school board . He moved on from there to the city 's Board of Supervisors , then the Assembly and finally , in 2006 , to the Senate . The son of immigrants who had brought him from China at age 3 , he grew up to attend the University of California at Berkeley and earn a Ph.D. in child psychology from the University of Hawaii . But despite his longevity , Lee was a "  loner , " Brown said -- and that limited his effectiveness as a legislator . "  That 's why it 's such a shock to me , " said Brown , who once endorsed and later fired the aspiring politico . From a "  practical , intellectual standpoint , " he said , "  You do n't bribe or you do n't launder money or you do n't do things with people who ca n't deliver on public policy . " The allegations have rattled many in the city , particularly its ethnic Chinese community , said David Lee , the executive director of the Chinese-American Voters Education Committee . "  It 's really out of the line of imagination for somebody who is in public service to be trading arms for campaign donations , " Lee said . But he said the charges against Yee highlight what Lee called the "  arms race " that campaign finance has become in California , where it can cost millions to run for even a low-level office . "  It also demonstrates the sense of entitlement that many of our elected officials feel they have to hold power , " he said . Yee "  wanted at all costs to hold onto power , and I think voters are tired of it . " Doreen Silk , a constituent and Yee supporter , said the news of his arrest "  surprised all of us . " "  I mean , he 's living in my neighborhood , " she said . "  We all backed him . It 's so surprising . " Silk said she thought his actions were "  an isolated instance " -- one that may prompt a second look at some other local politicians , "  but I do n't think it 's an epidemic . " Yee is the third Democrat in the state Senate to face criminal charges in the past year . Rod Wright was found guilty of perjury and fraudulent voting in January after a jury concluded he was living outside his Los Angeles-area district when elected in 2008 . Another Southern California senator , Ronald Calderon , was charged with taking bribes from undercover FBI agents in February . Lee called himself a "  lifelong Democrat . " But in the wake of those scandals , he said , Californians "  are watching the Democratic Party in this state and what is going to be done . " He urged Yee to resign and allow his constituents to have an untainted voice in the state Senate . "  What purpose does it serve to stay in that position while all this is going on ? " Lee asked .	California state Sen. Leland Yee pleads not guilty to corruption , arms trafficking He 's been accused of brokering an arms deal in exchange for campaign donations The charges are part of a sprawling Bay Area racketeering case His arrest has roiled state politics and stunned constituents
CNN  -- On a June day in 2009 , a 39-year-old man named Ken Milles lay on an exam table at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . A month earlier , he 'd suffered a massive heart attack that destroyed nearly a third of his heart . "  The most difficult part was the uncertainty , " he recalls . "  Your heart is 30 % damaged , and they tell you this could affect you the rest of your life . " He was about to receive an infusion of stem cells , grown from cells taken from his own heart a few weeks earlier . No one had ever tried this before . About three weeks later , in Kentucky , a patient named Mike Jones underwent a similar procedure at the University of Louisville 's Jewish Hospital . Jones suffered from advanced heart failure , the result of a heart attack years earlier . Like Milles , he received an infusion of stem cells , grown from his own heart tissue . "  Once you reach this stage of heart disease , you do n't get better , " says Dr. Robert Bolli , who oversaw Jones ' procedure , explaining what doctors have always believed and taught . "  You can go down slowly , or go down quickly , but you 're going to go down . " Conventional wisdom took a hit Monday , as Bolli 's group and a team from Cedars-Sinai each reported that stem cell therapies were able to reverse heart damage , without dangerous side effects , at least in a small group of patients . In Bolli 's study , published in The Lancet , 16 patients with severe heart failure received a purified batch of cardiac stem cells . Within a year , their heart function markedly improved . The heart 's pumping ability can be quantified through the "  Left Ventricle Ejection Fraction , " a measure of how much blood the heart pumps with each contraction . A patient with an LVEF of less than 40 % is considered to suffer severe heart failure . When the study began , Bolli 's patients had an average LVEF of 30.3 % . Four months after receiving stem cells , it was 38.5 % . Among seven patients who were followed for a full year , it improved to an astounding 42.5 % . A control group of seven patients , given nothing but standard maintenance medications , showed no improvement at all . "  We were surprised by the magnitude of improvement , " says Bolli , who says traditional therapies , such as placing a stent to physically widen the patient 's artery , typically make a smaller difference . Prior to treatment , Mike Jones could n't walk to the restroom without stopping for breath , says Bolli . "  Now he can drive a tractor on his farm , even play basketball with his grandchildren . His life was transformed . " At Cedars-Sinai , 17 patients , including Milles , were given stem cells approximately six weeks after suffering a moderate to major heart attack . All had lost enough tissue to put them "  at big risk " of future heart failure , according to Dr. Eduardo Marban , the director of the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute , who developed the stem cell procedure used there . Cedars-Sinai : Helping the heart heal itself The results were striking . Not only did scar tissue retreat -- shrinking 40 % in Ken Milles , and between 30 % and 47 % in other test subjects -- but the patients actually generated new heart tissue . On average , the stem cell recipients grew the equivalent of 600 million new heart cells , according to Marban , who used MRI imaging to measure changes . By way of perspective , a major heart attack might kill off a billion cells . "  This is unprecedented , the first time anyone has grown living heart muscle , " says Marban . "  No one else has demonstrated that . It 's very gratifying , especially when the conventional teaching has been that the damage is irreversible . " Perhaps even more important , no treated patient in either study suffered a significant health setback . The twin findings are a boost to the notion that the heart contains the seeds of its own rebirth . For years , doctors believed that heart cells , once destroyed , were gone forever . But in a series of experiments , researchers including Bolli 's collaborator , Dr. Piero Anversa , found that the heart contains a type of stem cell that can develop into either heart muscle or blood vessel components -- in essence , whatever the heart requires at a particular point in time . The problem for patients like Mike Jones or Ken Milles is that there simply are n't enough of these repair cells waiting around . The experimental treatments involve removing stem cells through a biopsy , and making millions of copies in a laboratory . The Bolli/Anversa group and Marban 's team both used cardiac stem cells , but Bolli and Anversa "  purified " the CSCs , so that more than 90 % of the infusion was actual stem cells . Marban , on the other hand , used a mixture of stem cells and other types of cells extracted from the patient 's heart . "  We 've found that the mixture is more potent than any subtype we 've been able to isolate , " he says . He says the additional cells may help by providing a supportive environment for the stem cells to multiply . Other scientists , including Dr. Douglas Losordo , have produced improvements in cardiac patients using stem cells derived from bone marrow . "  The body contains cells that seem to be pre-programmed for repair , " explains Losordo . "  The consistent thing about all these approaches is that they 're leveraging what seems to be the body 's own repair mechanism . " Losordo praised the Lancet paper , and recalls the skepticism that met Anversa 's initial claims , a decade ago , that there were stem cells in the adult heart . "  Some scientists are always resistant to that type of novelty . You know the saying : First they ignore you , then they attack you and finally they imitate you . " Denis Buxton , who oversees stem cell research at the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute at the National Institutes of Health , calls the new studies "  a paradigm shift , harnessing the heart 's own regenerative processes . " But he says he would like to see more head-to-head comparisons to determine which type of cells are most beneficial . Questions also remain about timing . Patients who suffer large heart attacks are prone to future damage , in part because the weakened heart tries to compensate by dilating -- swelling -- and by changing shape . In a vicious circle , the changes make the heart a less efficient pump , which leads to more overcompensation , and so on , until the end result is heart failure . Marban 's study aimed to treat patients before they could develop heart failure in the first place . In a third study released Monday , researchers treated patients with severe heart failure with stem cells derived from bone marrow . In a group of 60 patients , those receiving the treatment had fewer heart problems over the course of a year , as well as improved heart function . A fourth study also used cells derived from bone marrow , but injected them into patients two to three weeks after a heart attack . Previous studies , with the cells given just days afterward , found a modest improvement in heart function . But Monday , the lead researcher , Dr. Dan Simon of UH Case Medical Center , reported that with the three-week delay , patients did not see the same benefit . With other methods , there may be a larger window of opportunity . At least in initial studies , Losordo 's bone marrow treatments helped some patients with long-standing heart problems . Bolli 's Lancet paper suggests that CSCs , too , might help patients with advanced disease . "  These patients had had heart failure for several years . They were a wreck ! " says Bolli . "  But we found their stem cells were still very competent . " By that , he means the cells were still capable of multiplying and of turning into useful muscle and blood vessel walls . Marban has an open mind on the timing issue . In fact , one patient from his control group e-mailed after the study was complete , saying he felt terrible and pleading for an infusion of stem cells . At Marban 's request , the FDA granted special approval to treat him . "  He had a very nice response . That was 14 months after his heart attack . Of course that 's just one person , and we need bigger studies , " says Marban . For Ken Milles , the procedure itself was n't painful , but it was unsettling . The biopsy to harvest the stem cells felt "  weird , " he recalls , as he felt the doctor poking around inside his heart . The infusion , a few weeks later , was harder . The procedure -- basically the same as an angioplasty -- involved stopping blood flow through the damaged artery for three minutes , while the stem cells were infused . "  It felt exacfly like I was having a heart attack again , " Milles remembers . Milles had spent the first weeks after his heart attack just lying in bed re-watching his "  Sopranos " DVDs , but within a week of the stem cell infusion , he says , "  I was reinvigorated . " Today he 's back at work full time , as an accounting manager at a construction company . He 's cut out fast food and shed 50 pounds . His wife and two teenage sons are thrilled . Denis Buxton says the new papers could prove a milestone . "  We do n't have anything else to actually regenerate the heart . These stem cell therapies have the possibility of actually reversing damage . " Bolli says he 'll have to temper his enthusiasm until he can duplicate the results in larger studies , definitive enough to get stem cell therapy approved as a standard treatment . "  If a phase 3 study confirmed this , it would be the biggest advance in cardiology in my lifetime . We would possibly be curing heart failure . It would be a revolution . " Miriam Falco contributed to this story .	In a study by Dr. Robert Bolli , 16 patients with heart failure received stem cell therapy Within a year , the heart function of the patients in the study markedly improved "  We were surprised by the magnitude of improvement , " says Bolli "  We would possibly be curing heart failure . It would be a revolution , " says Bolli
Morganza , Louisiana  CNN  -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opened the first of potentially several bays of the Morganza spillway on Saturday afternoon , a move intended to spare some areas from severe flooding while redirecting water into others . "  We think there is a successful operation going on right now , " Col. Ed Fleming , the Corps ' New Orleans District Commander , told CNN an hour after the first floodgate was opened . Fleming explained that the difficult decision to open the spillway , and similar ones made in recent weeks , is being done to address a historic excess of water in the Mississippi River system , including its tributaries . On Saturday afternoon , the river was cresting near Helena , Arkansas , at 56.4 feet -- 12.4 feet above the flood stage , the level at which the river may begin flowing over its banks -- the National Weather Service noted on its website . That crest , or high point of water , was moving slowly and steadily southward . The move in Morganza , about 115 miles northwest of New Orleans , will lower anticipated cresting levels -- as well as lessen the potential for severe flooding caused by things like overtopped levees and cracks in flood-control structures -- along the rising Mississippi River and divert water from Baton Rouge and New Orleans . But it will flood parts of low-lying south-central Louisiana . Fleming said that one or two other additional bays of the flood-control structure would likely be opened Sunday , and more gates could be opened later depending on water levels . The Corps could choose to let out as much as 600,000 cubic feet of water per second , with Saturday 's opening leading to the release of 10,000 cubic feet per second . "  As the river needs it , we 'll open it , " said Fleming , referring to the spillway 's bays . By 2:30 p.m. Saturday , all those "  within the first 24 hours " -- meaning , those who should see flooding caused directly by the spillway 's opening -- had evacuated , Fleming said . The opening came after several days of warning , as residents in the flood zone prepared to move to save their lives , even if their homes were washed away . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal predicted this week the high water resulting from the Morganza spillway opening could impact 3,900 people and 2,600 structures . "  Right now , a lot of people are real nervous about it . It 's sad , " said Larry Doiron , a resident of Stephenville , a town that could face flooding because of the spillway 's opening . "  We need to have protection so that they do n't flood us . " He said his subdivision would likely be fine , as it was built at a relatively high elevation , but that his neighbors were building additional levees and putting out sandbags . Seven Louisiana parishes -- Pointe Coupee , St. Landry , St. Martin , Iberia , Iberville , St. Mary and Terrebonne -- will likely be affected by the first opening of the spillway since 1973 , according to the Corps . Fleming said Saturday that the spillway will likely be open for weeks , and it will be at least until that long that those who have evacuated can safely return . That 's because that , even after the river crests at a certain point , it will take considerable time -- in some cases , weeks -- before it falls back below the flood stage . Morgan City , which sits on the banks of the Atchafalaya River , is among those communities expected to see rising water . The Corps has joined with state and local authorities to build-up safeguards in that community of about 11,600 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . "  Really , we 're just waiting , " said Evie Bertaut , who has lived in Morgan City for 50 years . Officials believe that the levees will protect the city from flooding , but some are taking preliminary precautions , she said . At Sacred Heart Church , where Bertaut works , people spent the day Friday moving important documents such a baptismal , marriage and financial records to the second floor . "  Most people are getting their photographs together , things that you ca n't replace in case you have to go , " she said . The river 's slow pace has given emergency responders more time to prepare , forecasters said . But while the slow-moving water gives residents extra time to get ready , it also means that land could remain under water for some time . Louisiana state authorities have been working with federal and local counterparts to combat flooding -- or , in some cases , prepare for it -- in 19 of its 64 parishes . That includes bringing in 700 National Guardsmen , as well as state police officers and prison inmates to lay down sandbags , direct traffic and otherwise deal with the crisis , the state 's office of homeland security and emergency preparedness said in a release Saturday . They have brought in and laid out thousands of linear feet of HESCO flood-control material , as well as rought in hundreds of yards of reclaimed asphalt , sand and other substances aimed to keep floodwaters at bay . The National Weather Service said that as of noontime Saturday , the river was at 16.8 feet in New Orleans , just a fraction below flood stage . It is expected to crest May 23 at about 19.5 feet . The New Orleans levees are built to withstand 20 feet , according to the weather service . Still , the effects there could be felt soon : The U.S. Coast Guard said floodwaters could close the Mississippi River to ships at the New Orleans port as early as Monday morning . To help New Orleans , the Army Corps of Engineers said Friday that it will open 52 more bays at the Bonnet Carre Spillway just north of the city , diverting water into Lake Pontchartrain . That will mean a total of 264 bays will be open in the 350-bay spillway . In Vicksburg , Mississippi , the river is expected to crest at 57.5 feet May 19 . This would be significantly above the flood stage at Vicksburg of 43 feet . Homes that were built between the levee and the Mississippi River were the first affected . "  We estimate that every home built on the river side of the levee from Memphis all the way to the Louisiana line is flooded , " said Mike Womack , executive director of the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency . Residents near Vicksburg counted on a levee for protection . In addition to the mainline levee along the river , starting near Vicksburg and extending northeast for more than 20 miles , a so-called backwater levee offers shelter . The backwater levee is designed to keep water from backing into the Yazoo River delta and is designed lower than the mainline levee so that water can flow over it . That level is expected to be reached Monday , said Charlie Tindall , attorney for the Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners . The backwater levee was being "  armored " by a heavy plastic coating to prevent it from washing out , he said . "  There 's a chance it might not make it through an over-topping event , " said Mississippi Levee Board Chief Engineer Peter Nimod about the backwater levee . "  There is a risk . We do n't think it will break , but we want people to be prepared . " "  It 's hard to plan for a multi-100-year event , " he said . Nonetheless , 1.4 million acres in Mississippi , including 602,000 acres where crops are growing , could flood , said Rickey Grey of the state 's Department of Agriculture . Across the South and lower Midwest , floodwaters have covered about 3 million acres of farmland , eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn , wheat , rice and cotton , officials said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Mariano Castillo , Mia Aquino and Erica Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : A Corps official says : "  We think there is a successful operation going on " NEW : 19 of Louisiana 's 64 parishes are expected to see flooding , a state agency says One of potentially several bays of the Morganza spillway opens Saturday It will flood the Atchafalaya River Basin , but lessen damage down the Mississippi
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A famous composer celebrated as a "  Japanese Beethoven " for creating hit symphonies despite his deafness has been exposed as a fraud , after confessing another musician wrote his most acclaimed works . And in a surprise twist , the man who says he was the ghost-writer of the works , Takashi Niigaki , claimed in a press conference Thursday that he did not believe the composer was deaf at all . "  I 've never felt he was deaf ever since we met , " said Niigaki . "  We carry on normal conversations . " Niigaki told reporters in Tokyo that over the past 18 years he had been paid about 7 million yen  about $ 69,000  to write more than 20 pieces to order for popular classical composer Mamoru Samuragochi . Niigaki , a teacher at the prestigious Toho Gakuen School of Music , said that at no stage did he believe Samuragochi was deaf , as the composer conversed with him normally , and provided critiques on the music he contracted him to write over the years . "  At first he acted to me also as if he had suffered hearing loss , but he stopped doing so eventually , " said Niigaki . "  Later I found out that he can not even write musical scores . " Samuragochi is hailed as an inspirational genius in Japan for having created immensely popular classical symphonies and video game scores , despite reportedly having been completely deaf for 15 years . He claimed to rely on his perfect pitch to compose after losing his hearing , telling TIME magazine in a 2001 profile that "  if you trust your inner sense of sound , you create something that is truer . It is like communicating from the heart . Losing my hearing was a gift from God . " Niigaki said he had entered into the arrangement with Samuragochi lightheartedly , but subsequently grew concerned about the deception , and told Samuragochi he wanted out . But he said Samuragochi told him he would commit suicide if he stopped composing for him . Niigaki said he considered himself guilty of duping the public and wanted to come clean . "  I am an accomplice of Samuragochi because I continued composing just as he demanded , although I knew he was deceiving people , " he said . "  I ca n't fool the people any more . " The office for Samuragochi 's lawyers , Kazushi Orimoto and Mizuki Wakamatsu , told CNN they were unable to respond to Niigaki 's claims . But when approached by a reporter for Nippon Television , Orimoto said that the firm believed Samuragochi was indeed deaf , and had a government-issued certificate which confirmed his hearing impairment . Earlier , they had issued a statement on behalf of Samuragochi , in which he apologized for having "  betrayed fans " by having commissioned another composer to write his scores for years . The confession is understood to have been prompted by Niigaki 's impending exposure of the fraud in a tell-all interview with a Japanese news magazine . In the statement , Samuragochi claimed he provided the broader ideas for the works , while the collaborator had produced the finished scores . WATCH : Iconic Japanese composer admits to hoax The collaborator had his own reasons for not identifying himself as a creator of the work , read the statement , so Samuragochi presented the work as a solo creation . The lawyers ' statement said that while their client "  should offer a direct apology to his fans , " he was too "  mentally disturbed " by the revelations to express himself properly . The 50-year-old composer , who also spells his name Samuragoch , came to prominence for his ambitious symphonic soundtracks for popular video games , including "  Resident Evil . " His most popular work , "  Symphony No 1 , Hiroshima , " dedicated to the victims of the 1945 atomic blast , became an anthem of Japanese resilience in the wake of the 2011 tsunami , after it was featured in documentary showing the composer traveling to the disaster zone . His confession prompted apologies from NHK , the public broadcaster which aired the documentary , and his record label . "  We were shocked by the news and deeply infuriated , " said a statement from Nippon Columbia Co. , Samuragochi 's label , adding that the composer had previously assured the company that he was the creator of the works . Daisuke Takahashi , an Olympic bronze medalist figure skater who is planning to skate to one of the works in Sochi , has also become drawn in to the saga . He issued a statement saying he had been unaware that Samuragochi was not the composer of the work , but intended to use the composition regardless . Niigaki acknowledged he had wavered over the timing of his revelations due to the impact it may have on Takahashi 's Olympic preparations , but decided to proceed anyway . The potential disturbance to Takahashi 's Sochi ambitions was a major talking point on social media , with many users complaining about the timing . Others noted that Samuragochi had built an irresistible "  modern Beethoven " myth around himself that the public had lapped up . "  I wonder how many people truly love his music ? " asked Twitter user @kenichiromogi .	Japanese composer Mamoru Samuragochi says another person wrote his music Known as the "  Japanese Beethoven , " he has reportedly been deaf for 15 years The man who claims to have written the works says he does not believe Samuragochi is deaf But the composer 's lawyers say he has a government-issued certificate confirming his hearing impairment
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- It started with verbal abuse , and then -- perhaps inevitably -- it got physically , terrifyingly violent . Supporters of Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak flooded into Cairo 's Tahrir Square Wednesday after the president 's opponents dominated the scene for more than a week . Separated at first by barriers , the rival demonstrators exchanged insults , then began throwing anything they could find at each other , including shoes , rocks and sticks . Suddenly the barriers came down . People surged toward each other in a chaotic scene that conjured images of a revolution . Some injured protesters fell . Others stumbled through the crowd . Blood streamed down the faces of the wounded . A few women away from the front line gave the injured water and swabbed at their wounds . Many of the injuries were serious , even though demonstrators wrapped sweatshirts and other clothes around their heads to protect themselves from flying stones . Dozens of wounded were carried away , bleeding from gashes . It was impossible to tell from visits to a makeshift clinic which side was faring worse , CNN 's Ben Wedeman said . He said simply : "  They are all Egyptians . " A mosque served as a makeshift field hospital , staffed by volunteer doctors , he said . The day was spotted with scenes of brutality . At one point , bloodied men from the pro-regime side were dragged toward the center of Tahrir Square by anti-government demonstrators who beat and kicked them along the way . One man ripped out the hair of one of the captives . Police were nowhere to be seen . Army tanks surrounded the square , but the military proved unable or unwilling to separate the two sides . The hatches on their tanks and armored personnel carriers remained closed . Some brave Egyptians tried to stop the violence , putting their bodies between the sides . Briefly they seemed to succeed . There was a lull in the violence . Some protesters from the rival camps embraced . All at once , about 50 or 60 people carrying clubs and riding horses and camels charged into the square , beating some protesters . At least one man was pulled off his horse and beaten . And the frenzy intensified . People tore paving stones out of the streets with crowbars and their bare hands , filling bags with rocks to use as an arsenal in the street battle . Some ripped street signs out of the ground , using the metal as makeshift shields . CNN 's Hala Gorani was threatened by a pro-Mubarak supporter who told her to get out of the area . "  I was a little bit fearful , " she said . Another protester stepped in and protected her , telling the first not to touch her because "  she is with me . " She said she ran as fast as she could back to her colleagues . "  I 'm fine , but I 've got to say , this is a situation that can turn on a dime . There is a lot of anger coming from those protesters . " They are attacking journalists , she said , and will threaten anyone who looks Western . It was unclear whether there was shooting on the square . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Anderson Cooper said they heard shots being fired , although Cooper suggested it may have been troops on the sidelines shooting into the air to try to restore order . The interior ministry denied there was shooting . CNN 's Ivan Watson , overlooking the square from a hotel , did not hear any gunfire , he said , calling that "  a blessing . " And somehow , amid the clashes , pockets of peace remained -- including around small groups who , amid the violence , dropped to their knees and faced Mecca . The time had come for daily prayers . But the battle continued for hours , with regime supporters blocking exits from the square as soldiers largely remained on the sidelines . A group of women sat weeping , terrified by the violence they had seen . As night fell , pro-Mubarak forces began throwing Molotov cocktails , and with the sun going down , flames rose from the square . The army deployed hoses from the sidelines of the square , spraying water over the heads of the demonstrators onto the fires . The troops may be able to extinguish the physical fires . Whether they will be able to put out the metaphorical ones sweeping the city -- if they even want to -- remains to be seen . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Pro-regime forces throw Molotov cocktails , starting fires as night falls Paving stones are torn out of the ground to be used as weapons A mosque becomes a makeshift field hospital , staffed by volunteer doctors Men on horses and camels charge into the crowd with clubs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There was no shortage of superstars in Washington this week , including the middle school students of Atlanta , Georgia 's Ron Clark Academy . Ron Clark Academy students singing their newest song , "  Dear Obama , " in Washington this week . "  There are those Obama kids ! " "  Those are the kids from TV ! " "  Sing for us ! " The middle schoolers ' ode to the political process , "  You Can Vote However You Like , " set to the tune of rapper T.I. 's "  Whatever You Like , " has garnered exhilarating fame nationwide . Invited to perform at inauguration events , the boys and girls were stopped along every block in the capital by people who asked them to sing and pose for a picture . "  I have a sleepy energy , " sixth-grader Kennedy Guest Pritchett said . "  I feed off of the crowd and their cheers . " The students ' new song , "  Dear Obama , " which they have performed this week , offers advice to the president on energy , taxes , financial regulation and al Qaeda and urges him to "  control Ahmadinejad . " "  Dear Obama hear us sing/We 're ready for the change that you will bring/Gonna shine the light for the world to see/to spread peace hope and democracy . ... Fight for health care for the young so that coverage is available to everyone/It 's time to find a renewable way to fuel our needs so we do n't end up depending on Chavez and the Middle East . " Watch the students sing "  Dear Obama " " The kids will perform Tuesday at the Africa and International Friends Inaugural Ball , sharing a stage with Usher and Patti LaBelle , one of many events in their packed schedule highlighted by a luncheon gala Monday to honor the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  I want to do good every song we perform . When the crowd cheers , I feel like we did a good job , " said Willie Thornton , a seventh-grader . "  I feel a lot of adrenaline afterwards . " The students have met the Kenyan Boys Choir , who told their American counterparts what kind of animals they might see when the Ron Clark students travel to Kenya on a school trip in June . At another luncheon , the sixth - and seventh-graders were thrilled to catch a glimpse of actor Ed Norton , the man who played the Incredible Hulk . But he did n't compare to singer Beyonce , who closed Sunday 's star-studded Lincoln Memorial concert and drew giggles and shouts . The kids gained notoriety just before the election when they appeared on CNN , singing "  You Can Vote However You Like . " They became media favorites overnight , appearing on several networks and shows . Dressed neatly in their school uniform of khaki pants , light blue shirts and navy blue blazers , they discussed the Iraq war , the economy and taxes with the composure of adults . Their teacher , Ron Clark , known for his innovation , has used pop music to teach his students . He once changed the words of Rihanna 's infectious hit "  Umbrella " to teach geography . "  You have to give students something they can identify with , something that catches their enthusiasm and spirit , " he said . "  I 'm so proud of them all . They 've taught me a lot . " Before founding his school in the rough neighborhood of South Atlanta , Clark taught in Harlem , where he penned "  The Essential 55 , " a rule-book for educators that caught Oprah Winfrey 's eye . She talked about it on her show , and it soon became a New York Times bestseller . This past Christmas , Clark received another gift from the talk show host : $ 365,000 . Winfrey donated $ 1,000 for each day of the year . Clark has said that the money will help provide scholarships for a year . The teacher said he plans to incorporate Barack Obama 's inauguration into lessons throughout the rest of the school year . "  Our school is about politics and world issues and helping the kids understand that they have an important role in all of that , " he said . CNN 's John Murgatroyd and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Singing Atlanta schoolkids perform at inauguration festivities "  I have a sleepy energy , " one 6th-grader says of the group 's packed schedule Ron Clark Academy singers gained fame for their "  Vote However You Like " song They have written another song , "  Dear Obama , " which offers advice to the president
CNN  -- It is another chance for Benfica to stare down the curse of Bela Guttmann . Seven times they have been European finalists since their former manager laid down his hex in 1962 , and seven times they have lost . Refused a pay rise after leading Benfica to a second successive European Cup triumph , the Jewish Hungarian declared the club would not succeed on the continent for 100 years . It has held firm ever since , but perhaps on May 14 , the spell will finally be laid to rest . Benfica 's modern stars battled and scrapped their way to a 0-0 draw at Juventus to book a Europa League final at the same venue next month with Spanish side Sevilla , who held off a valiant fightback from Valencia . Perhaps it is Juventus who will now feel cursed . The Old Lady were supposed to book a European coronation at their own footballing fortress , and while they remain unbeaten there all season that will come as little consolation . Trailing 2-1 from the first leg in Lisbon , the best chance of a tight first half fell to Arturo Vidal , whose back post header was looping into the net before an intervention from Benfica center-back Luisao . Juventus piled on the pressure in the second half , veteran midfielder Andrea Pirlo forcing Benfica goalkeeper Jan Oblak into a fine save . The Old Lady 's task got a tad easier with a little over 20 minutes to go when Enzo Perez picked up a second yellow card in the space of six minutes and was dismissed . Two more red cards were shown , to unused Juventus substitute Mirko Vucinic and Benfica 's Lazar Markovic , who had not long been replaced , as tempers flared on the bench . Juve continued to pile forward but Benfica held on , Oblak denying former Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez , while Daniel Osvaldo had a goal rightly ruled out for offside . After seven long minutes of injury time the final whistle sounded and Benfica booked their final berth for a second successive season . The Guttmann curse reared its head again in 2013 when they lost the final to a header from Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic with practically the last touch of the match . That heartbreak was added to a long list of losing finals in 1963 , 1965 , 1968 , 1983 , 1988 and 1990 . But on May 14 , it can be laid to rest once and for all . Sevilla will have plenty to say about that though , after they booked their place in a nerve shredding encounter with La Liga cousins Valencia . Valencia wiped out their 2-0 deficit from the first leg inside 25 minutes at the famous Mestalla stadium . Sofiane Feghouli 's slaloming run ended with a powerful shot that deflected past Sevilla goalkeeper Beto and into the net with just 14 minutes on the clock . Less than 10 minutes later , Jonas ' bullet header from a left wing cross hit the bar but bounced in off the unfortunate Beto . Stung into action , Sevilla hit back , former Arsenal striker Jose Reyes forcing Valencia goalkeeper Diego Alves into a point blank save when it looked easier to score . Valencia maintained the same high-pitched pace of attack in the second half and got their reward with 20 minutes to go as defender Jérémy Mathieu stabbed a corner into the roof of the net . But with seconds remaining , Stephane Mbia -- on loan from English second tier club Queens Park Rangers -- nodded home to spark wild scenes of celebration . Sevilla won successive titles in the UEFA Cup , the forerunner of the Europa League , in 2006 and 2007 and only got their place in this year 's competition after Malaga and Rayo Vallecano were forbidden from taking part . It is now their task to ensure the curse of Bela Guttman lives on .	Benfica draw 0-0 at Juventus to seal a place in the Europa League final Portuguese side get another chance to break the curse of Bela Guttman Former manager cursed the club after being refused a pay rise in 1962 Benfica will play Sevilla after they defeated fellow Spanish side Valencia
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Aya Abu Mouwais , a 3-year-old who lives in the West Bank , can barely walk or talk because of a failing kidney and liver . For much of her life , the Palestinian child has needed dialysis to survive . Thankfully , an Israeli man has been able to help her get the treatment she so desperately requires . More than 500 times in the past two years , Yuval Roth and his volunteers have driven Aya and her mother roundtrip from a checkpoint near the West Bank border to Rambam Medical Center , which is an hour away in Haifa , Israel . "  What Yuval has done , no one else has done , " said Aya 's mother , Suhair . "  He is day by day helping us to get her to the hospital . I 'm not allowed to drive an Israeli car , so if not for Yuval , we would n't be able to transport her . I thank him . " Leaving the West Bank is the only way Aya 's family can get dialysis . For one thing , medical facilities are limited in the territory . "  In the Palestinian Authority , it 's very expensive to get health care , and most of the people can not afford it , " Roth said . It 's also expensive to make the trip to Israeli hospitals . Although the Palestinian Authority allows sick children and adults to leave the West Bank for treatment , Palestinians are not allowed to drive past the checkpoints . To get to Israeli hospitals , they 'd have to take a taxi , which would cost at least $ 90 each way . Fortunately , there is Roth and his organization , Derech Hachlama  "  On the Road to Recovery "  . Since 2006 , Roth and his team of volunteers have been giving Palestinians a lifeline . "  The volunteers are driving at least five days a week , " said Roth , a 55-year-old carpenter and professional juggler from Pardes Hanna , Israel . "  Some  drive  in the morning to drop off patients , and others come in the evening to take them back . That makes the whole thing easy , since they can still go to work and do n't have to spend the whole day . " For Roth , the transportation service is a way to recover from personal tragedy . In 1993 , his brother Udi was kidnapped and killed by members of Hamas . After his loss , Roth found a way to channel his anger into peace . "  I heard an interview on Israeli radio with a man who lost his son in the same way that I lost my brother , " Roth said . "  After the interview , I called him ... and he said he had an idea to establish a group to encourage dialogue between bereaved families from both sides , Israelis and Palestinians . " Roth joined the group , called Parents Circle - Families Forum , and befriended many Palestinians . All shared a surprisingly common need : transportation access to Israeli health-care facilities . "  One day ,  a program participant  called and told me his brother might have a brain tumor . He had an appointment at Rambam hospital but no way to go , " Roth said . "  He asked if I could drive him , and I agreed it would be no problem . " That first call for help was more than four years ago . As word of Roth 's generosity spread , transportation demands grew , and Roth began to recruit his friends as driver-volunteers . Today , Roth 's group has grown to 200 volunteers . Transport coordination efforts are run entirely by Roth , who spends many hours on his cell phone inquiring about the location of volunteers and Palestinian families . Each volunteer maintains his or her own vehicle , but Roth helps cover gasoline costs with donation money he has received . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Even though differences exist , including some language barriers , Roth believes that the program helps Israelis and Palestinians learn from and respect each other . "  When we are coming to pick up the sick kids , the  Palestinian and Israeli  checkpoint managers help us a lot , " Roth said . "  It makes our life and their life a lot easier . I think Palestinian families trust me also because I 'm coming as one of them . I feel like they are my family or my friends . " Roth 's group has driven an estimated 90,000 kilometers  about 55,000 miles  in 2010 alone . He says they have helped hundreds of Palestinians get access to health care . "  I lost my brother , but I did n't lose my head , " Roth said . "  This activity gives me an essence for life . I have learned the price of the conflict is a lot more than the price of making peace . We are all human beings . " Want to get involved ? E-mail On the Road to Recovery at roadtorecovery10@gmail.com for more information . CNN 's Allie Torgan , Michael Schwartz , David Hawley and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	Yuval Roth started a service that transports sick Palestinians to Israeli hospitals Many of these Palestinians lack access to the health care they need to survive Roth 's brother Udi was killed by Hamas in 1993 , but he still wants to help others Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
Joe Paterno , whose tenure as the most successful coach in major college football history ended abruptly in November amid allegations that he failed to respond forcefully enough to a sex abuse scandal involving a former assistant , died Sunday , his family said . He was 85 . The longtime Penn State head coach was diagnosed with what his family had called a treatable form of lung cancer shortly after the university 's Board of Trustees voted to fire him . He had been hospitalized in December after breaking his pelvis in a fall at his home and again in January for what his son called minor complications from his cancer treatments . "  It is with great sadness that we announce that Joe Paterno passed away earlier today , " the family statement said . "  His loss leaves a void in our lives that will never be filled . " Paterno died at 9:25 a.m. Sunday , surrounded by his family , State College 's Mount Nittany Medical Center said in a statement . Paterno , who was affectionately known as "  JoePa " by generations of his players and football fans alike , was widely admired in football circles for what he called his "  Grand Experiment " -- his expectation that big-time college football players could succeed on the field while upholding high academic and moral standards away from the gridiron . Outpouring of grief at Penn State Under his leadership , the Nittany Lions won two national championships , went undefeated five times and finished in the top 25 national rankings 35 times , according to his official Penn State biography . At the same time , the program never fell under NCAA sanctions for major infractions while producing 13 Academic All-Americans since 2006 . In 2009 , according to the university , the Nittany Lions posted an 85 % graduation rate . "  The acclaim for Joe Paterno has stemmed largely from the contrast between the high academic and moral standards he has tried to exemplify and the shameless conduct that often embarrasses and dishonors the college sport he cherishes , " author Michael O'Brien wrote in a 1999 biography of Paterno , "  No Ordinary Joe . " How will you remember him ? Penn State 's board of trustees and President Rodney Erickson said in a statement , "  We grieve for the loss of Joe Paterno , a great man who made us a greater university . His dedication to ensuring his players were successful both on the field and in life is legendary and his commitment to education is unmatched in college football . His life , work and generosity will be remembered always . " Dignitaries offer condolences The university is "  considering appropriate ways " to honor Paterno 's legacy , the statement said , and its athletics department is "  consulting with members of the Penn State community on the nature and timing of the gathering . " Paterno was born in 1926 in Brooklyn to second-generation Italian immigrants , according to O'Brien 's book . He attended Brown University , where he played quarterback and cornerback , according to another Penn State biography . When Paterno decided to forgo a career in law and make coaching his career , his family said Sunday , his father , Angelo , had one command : "  Make an impact . " "  As the last 61 years have shown , Joe made an incredible impact . That impact has been felt and appreciated by our family in the form of thousands of letters and well wishes along with countless acts of kindness from people whose lives he touched . " Paterno coached at Penn State as an assistant from 1950 to 1965 and became head coach in 1966 . Decked out in his soon-to-become trademark thick glasses , white socks and sneakers , Paterno quickly became a memorable fixture on the football field , leading the Nittany Lions to undefeated seasons in 1968 , 1969 and again in 1973 and the first national championship of his tenure in 1982 . Named National Coach of the Year five times , Paterno was added to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2006 , but his induction was delayed until 2007 because of injuries he suffered in a sideline collision . He became the winningest coach in major college football history in 2011 with 409 victories . Paterno "  died as he lived , " the family statement said Sunday . "  He fought hard until the end , stayed positive , thought only of others and constantly reminded everyone of how blessed his life had been . His ambitions were far reaching , but he never believed he had to leave this Happy Valley to achieve them . He was a man devoted to his family , his university , his players and his community . " Read family statement In addition to his exploits on the sidelines , Paterno had a significant impact on the university 's academic programs . Paterno and his wife , Suzanne , donated more than $ 4 million to the university over the years for faculty endowments , scholarships and building projects , according to the university . "  Penn State has been very good to both Sue and me , " he said in 1998 , according to his university biography . "  He has been many things in his life -- a soldier , scholar , mentor , coach , friend and father , " the family statement said . To his wife , "  he was and is her soul mate , and the last several weeks have shown the strength of their love . To his children and grandchildren he is a shining example of how to live a good , decent and honest life , a standard to which we aspire . " Honored with glowing words of praise from players and presidents alike -- President Ronald Reagan said Paterno never forgot that "  he is a teacher who 's preparing his students not just for the season , but for life , " according to a university biography -- he received the National Football Foundation and College Football Hall of Fame Distinguished American Award in 1991 . In doing so , he became the first active coach to do so , according to the biography . "  What are coaches ? " he said at the dinner celebrating his award , according to his university biography . "  Number one , we 're teachers and we 're educators . We have the same obligation as all teachers at our institutions , except we probably have more influence over our young people than anyone other than their families , " he said . It was his perceived failure to meet those obligations that led to his downfall as the only coach many Penn State football fans had ever known . In October , state authorities charged two university officials with misleading investigators and failing to report alleged sexual abuse in 2002 , after a Penn State assistant told a grand jury he saw former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky performing what appeared to be anal sex on a boy in a shower at the football complex . The assistant reported it to Paterno the next day , who said he passed the report along to then-Athletic Director Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president who oversaw campus police . Curley went on leave and Schultz retired shortly after the grand jury report was revealed . The next month , the university fired Paterno and Penn State President Graham Spanier . Curley and Schultz , who have pleaded not guilty to charges including perjury and failing to report the alleged 2002 incident , issued statements Sunday expressing their sorrow at Paterno 's death . "  Joe has been an integral part of my life for more than 35 years , " Curley said . "  Joe coached me , mentored me , taught me what it meant to compete with integrity and honor , and above all demonstrated with each day that he lived , the power of humility . " At the time of his firing , Paterno said in a statement released by his son , Scott Paterno , that he was "  distraught " over the sex abuse scandal . A timeline of Penn State child sex abuse scandal In an interview with the Washington Post published January 14 , Paterno said that he felt inadequate to deal with the allegations . "  I did n't know exactly how to handle it and I was afraid to do something that might jeopardize what the university procedure was , " the Post quoted him as saying . "  So I backed away and turned it over to some other people , people I thought would have a little more expertise than I did . It did n't work out that way . " SI column : Legacy more than final chapter Sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994 , has pleaded not guilty . "  Nobody did more for the academic reputation of Penn State than Joe Paterno , " Sandusky said in a statement Sunday . "  He maintained a high standard in a very difficult profession . Joe preached toughness , hard work and clean competition . Most importantly , he had the courage to practice what he preached . Nobody will be able to take away the memories we all shared of a great man , his family , and all the wonderful people who were a part of his life . " Bill O'Brien , who was named Penn State 's head football coach following Paterno 's firing , said Sunday , "  The Penn State Football program is one of college football 's iconic programs because it was led by an icon in the coaching profession in Joe Paterno . There are no words to express my respect for him as a man and as a coach . To be following in his footsteps at Penn State is an honor . Our families , our football program , our university and all of college football have suffered a great loss , and we will be eternally grateful for Coach Paterno 's immeasurable contributions . " Paterno 's family said Sunday he died "  with a peaceful mind , comforted by his ` living legacy ' of five kids , 17 grandchildren , and hundreds of young men whose lives he changed in more ways than can begin to be counted . " In lieu of flowers or gifts , the family requests that donations be made to the Special Olympics of Pennsylvania or the Penn State-THON , a charity dance marathon held by Penn State fraternities and sororities .	Paterno 's family says he "  fought hard until the end " Paterno had been diagnosed with lung cancer He was known as "  JoePa " by players and football fans Paterno was fired in November over allegations he failed to respond to sex abuse allegations
CNN  -- Debbie Phelps , the mother of swimming star Michael Phelps , who won a record eight gold medals in Beijing , is the author of a new memoir , "  A Mother For All Seasons . " Debbie Phelps , mother of Olympian Michael Phelps , tells Larry King her son has strong values . Phelps spoke with CNN 's Larry King about her new book , a recent tabloid report detailing her son 's partying ways and the infamous bong photo . The following is an edited version of the transcript . Larry King : You have this terrific new book coming . If I do say so myself , it 's inspiring . Yet  Thursday 's  lead story in the "  New York Daily News " gate crasher column -- I do n't know who writes that -- "  tsk , tsk , " it says , "  Michael Phelps , partying your face off in public is not the way to reclaim your good guy image . The Olympian was been laying relatively low since his bong smoking scandal in January was out in full force Tuesday night at New York City hot spot Marquis " -- I think is the name -- "  Michael was definitely having a good time , an eyewitness tells us , drinking straight from a bottle of Grey Goose . When the DJ started playing MIA 's ` Paper Planes , ' he got up started dancing like a loon and kept on yelling ` shots . ' Phelps definitely had enough alcohol on hand for several four round . He ordered four bottles of Vodka . " Is this tough for a mother ? How do you react ? Debbie Phelps : It 's one thing that I learn at a very early age is I do n't get caught up in gossip columns . I know my son . He has great values , lots of integrity . That 's what I think about that . King : Did you talk to him about this ? Phelps : I always talk to Michael . I talk to Michael every day . We talked about training today and things of that nature . King : But it would be normal to say , what happened , would n't it ? I would say that to my son . Phelps : We give support . We give guidance . We give an ear to listen . And , again , I do n't get caught up in gossip . King : Therefore , you do n't believe it ? I just want to establish what your feelings are . Phelps : I do n't get caught up in gossip , Mr. King . King : What about something that was n't gossip , the picture with the bong thing . It was a picture . Phelps : It 's a picture , that 's true . But , you know , a picture can say many things . It has many words . It has many meanings . It has many visualizations that you want to think . It depends on the person who is looking at that picture . You know , as a mom , I support all three of my children . I believe that no matter who you are in this country , in this world , there are obstacles that get into your life . I call them speed bumps in school sometimes . I heard someone say lightning bolts . That 's another term for that . But , you know , how do we grow ? How do we learn ? You raise a child through 18 . You send them off to college . You give them the roots . You give them the foundation to be a strong , young man , a strong lady . Life throws curve balls to you sometimes . How do you handle that curve ball ? King : Michael is 23 . That 's an adult . He 's an adult . Phelps : A young adult . King : Young adult . So one could say it 's his life . He chooses to lead it . As our parent , we do our best to guide them , but 23 is 23 . Do you view him still as a kid ? Phelps : I view my 31-year-old daughter as a kid sometimes . You know , I look at each of my children independently and individually of themselves . They have many strong values , strong points , professionalism . I 'm just very proud of all three of them and everything they 've done . King : Do you think these kind of stories -- and you do n't pay attention to them -- hurt your book ? Phelps : I was asked many times and told many times , "  Debbie , you need to write a book some day . " As an educator , I 'm thinking , I would really like to do that . It became a personal goal of mine to be able to publish a book , not knowing exactly what it was going to be . Was it going to be my life ? Was it going to be parenting ? Was it going to be swimming ? Was it just going to be motivational and inspirational ? When I take a look at the book I was able to write , I have great pride in that book because it shows other people , every woman , but not even women -- men can read this book also -- the inspiration and motivation of life . King : The question is , "  Do you think these kind of stories might hurt the chance of people buying the book , which is what you want ? " Phelps : People are going to have to make that decision . King : Do you think it might ? Phelps : Life is life . I do want to say , though , in reference to the Beijing Olympics , we , as a family , I think , made a great impression on the world , on the United States . My son has great love for me . It 's a great bonding relationship . Families are very important . King : Is he still a role model , do you think ? Phelps : You know , when I think of the word role model , I 'll go back to me being a little girl . It was my mom and my dad . They were my role models when I was growing up . When I hear that role model in a sentence with my son , what I think about with Michael is what he does with and for children . It might be things people do n't even know of -- his association with the Boys and Girls Club . For years , he has done that  and  his association with Make A Wish . He touches kids ' lives . So if an individual , wherever they may be , may select my son as a role model , I say that my son has strong values . I say he 's a human being . And I say that from obstacles that get in people 's ways -- we all have them , Mr. King , and you know that -- what do you learn from them and how do you rise above the occasion ?	Debbie Phelps says she does n't get caught up in gossip involving son , Michael Michael Phelps reportedly seen partying at NY bar Phelps apologized in January after photo shows him smoking from bong
New York  CNN  -- Gus Coletti was shaving when he heard a bang on the door of his house on a barrier island in New York . "  Help me ! Help me ! " a woman pleaded when he opened the door , shaving cream still on his face . Coletti says he dialed 911 as the woman bolted , tripping halfway down his steep wooden staircase before unsuccessfully seeking help at a neighbor 's home . Now , a year later , Coletti is convinced that the woman he saw that morning was Shannan Gilbert , a prostitute whose disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover at least eight bodies on a remote stretch of beach in Long Island . In an interview months ago , however , he said he could n't be sure it was Gilbert at his door that day . Police say they suspect a serial killer or killers . Authorities in New York 's Suffolk and Nassau Counties and in New Jersey , along with the FBI , are still searching for Gilbert , a resident of Jersey City , New Jersey . If Coletti did see Gilbert , he may have been the last person known to have seen her before she vanished . Yet he says it took Suffolk County police four months to question him , an assertion the police deny . "  A missing person detective came in August , was asking about her . I said , ` Where have you been ? ' " Coletti said . Investigators in Suffolk County say Coletti gave them a written statement a month after he called 911 to report seeing the woman at his door , but Coletti disputes that . "  They never got a statement from me in June , " he says . Coletti has insisted that he gave police a written statement in December , eight months after he says the woman knocked on his door . The Suffolk County police also say they have spoken to Coletti several times since last May 1 , though they did not specify when those discussions happened . His account is chilling . It was about 5 a.m. when Coletti , 75 , says he heard a knock on the door of his home on the barrier island hamlet of Oak Beach , New York . After the woman dashed away from his house , Coletti says , she hid under his boat , elevated and parked on his lawn , as an SUV drove up . Coletti says he walked up to the vehicle and questioned the driver , whom he described a slim Asian man weighing about 150 pounds . "  I went down , and I stopped him , and I said , ` Where do you think you 're going ? ' " recalled Coletti . The man said he was searching for the woman because she had left a party upset , and he was trying to find her to bring her back to the house , according to Coletti . "  I says , ' I already called the police . Stay right here . ' He says , ` Oh , you should n't have done that . She 's going to be into a lot of trouble . ' I says , ` So are you , ' " Coletti recalled . Gilbert dashed from the boat and ran around the corner toward the beach , Coletti said . The driver then pursued her . Police arrived about 45 minutes later , and Coletti directed them to the road to the beach . Coletti says a detective showed up in August to ask him about what happened that day . In response to Coletti 's "  Where have you been ? " question , the detective told him he had just received the missing person report from New Jersey . "  New Jersey dropped the ball . He blamed it on New Jersey , " Coletti said . Jersey City Police Department spokesman Lt. Edgar Martinez said , "  We have no comment on any ongoing investigation in our jurisdiction . We are investigating a missing person . "	Gus Coletti is convinced that Shannan Gilbert came to his door Gilbert 's disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover eight bodies Police suspect a serial killer or killers are responsible for the bodies
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro said Sunday that his government would allow more private businesses and make it easier for those businesses to hire workers , as the socialist economy struggles to get back on its feet and shed up to one million redundant state jobs . The government "  agreed to broaden the exercise of self employment and its use as another alternative for the employment of those excess workers , " Castro said during a biannual session of the National Assembly . He went on to say that the government would eliminate "  numerous " prohibitions to the granting of licenses for private businesses and to the sales of some products , as well as "  make the contracting of a work force more flexible . " In exchange , those businesses will pay taxes on income and sales , and pay contributions for employees , he said . The measures "  constitute a structural and conceptual change in the interest of preserving and developing our social system to make it sustainable in the future , " Castro said . The decision was part of a series of measures approved by the Council of Ministers to reduce "  the considerably inflated payroll in the state sector , " he added . Earlier this year , Castro said that more than one million state jobs , out of a total of 5.1 million , could be redundant . The government has launched a few , small free-market reforms . In April , for example , barbershops were handed over to employees , who pay rent and taxes but charge what they want . Licenses have also been granted to private taxis . For a couple of years , fallow land in the countryside has been turned over to private farmers . The more they produce , the more they earn . Not surprisingly , output is up . In his speech , Castro also mentioned for the first time the release of political prisoners that started last month . "  The Revolution can be generous because it is strong , " he said . The Catholic Church and Spain negotiated the release of 52 prisoners jailed in 2003 as part of a crackdown on people the government accused of receiving money from the enemy government in Washington . So far , 21 prisoners have been released and flown abroad . Castro did not give details about why Cuba agreed to free the "  counterrevolutionaries " or if he expected any gesture in return . Former President Fidel Castro did not make an appearance despite expectations that he might .	The Cuban president says it will become easier to have a private business Raul Castro says jobs will be cut "  in the considerably inflated " state sector Fidel Castro did not attend his brother 's speech to the National Assembly
Washington  CNN  -- The top lawyer for the Pentagon tried to talk to an attorney who said he represented the WikiLeaks website on Sunday , August 15 , but the attorney never showed for the 10 a.m. telephone call , according to a Defense Department spokesman . Late Wednesday , the Pentagon released a letter from Defense Department General Counsel Jeh Johnson to Timothy J. Matusheski , an attorney in Hattiesburg , Mississippi . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the letter was being released because of inaccurate public statements by WikiLeaks that the Pentagon had contact with the website . "  Today because of the misrepresentations that have been made public , we have released this letter that we sent to this individual , " Whitman said . WikiLeaks told some news outlets that the Army is willing to consider working with WikiLeaks to review classified documents that were leaked and will soon be posted online by the website . Whitman insisted that direct contact had not been made . "  We do n't consider that there has been any direct contact . We came across an individual that purported -- I 'm not going to get into details -- to be an attorney for WikiLeaks . We arranged for a conversation to take place that he was a no-show . " But the attorney told CNN that 's a lie . "  I never agreed to that , " Matusheski said . "  This guy -- Jeh Charles Johnson -- he 's never called me ever . I never agreed to be available by telephone on the morning of Sunday . August 15th . If they had asked me I would have made myself available , I was sleeping . " In the August 16 letter , Johnson said , "  I understand that you represent yourself to be an attorney for Wikileaks and that you , on behalf of that organization , sought a conversation with someone in the US government to discuss ` harm minimization " with respect to some 15,000 classified documents that Wikileaks is holding and is threatening to make public . In response , I was prepared to speak with you , yesterday at 10:00 a.m. EDT and convey the position of the Department of Defense . Despite your agreement to be available by telephone yesterday morning , we could not reach you at that time . " When reached by phone , Matusheski told CNN he received phone calls from a man who said he was an Army investigator . That man , according to Matusheski , did suggest a conversation about WikiLeaks but that was in a voice mail message that Matuskeski said he did not hear until well after 10 a.m. Sunday . He said he has not heard from the man since . CNN attempted to talk to the individual in question who referred CNN to the Army investigation unit media spokesman . Matusheski said he contacted the FBI a few weeks ago when he learned they were looking for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange because Matusheski was concerned his name would come up and he would get a "  surprise visit " from the bureau . He said he did get a phone call back from the FBI but that all subsequent contact has been with the man who said he was an Army investigator . Matusheski told CNN he has done pro bono work for WikiLeaks since 2007 , and he considers himself an attorney for the website . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the government 's position remains firm that it will not negotiate with WikiLeaks . He could not explain what the Pentagon was in fact prepared to discuss with the attorney .	WikiLeaks has said it plans to post thousands more leaked documents A Pentagon official countered reports that the Pentagon had contact with the website A phone call was planned but the WikiLeaks attorney was a no-show , the Pentagon says That lawyer says he never agreed to a call
CNN  -- To guard against public indifference to climate change the United Nations has enlisted a coalition of the world 's leading advertising agencies . The world in their hands : New campaign aims to empower public . Leading up to the U.N. Climate Change Conference  COP15  in Copenhagen in December , the global "  Hopenhagen " campaign has been unveiled . The initiative is aiming to generate active interest and persuade the public into believing they have a say in the negotiations between world leaders that will ratify a new global climate treaty . "  Climate change is one of the epic challenges facing this and future generations . World leaders will come together for the Copenhagen climate change conference in December , and every citizen of the world has a stake in the outcome . It is time to seal a deal . We need a global movement that mobilizes real change , " said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in a press statement . "  It is about global action for a global climate treaty and a better future for humankind . " The campaign is a collaboration between a number of the world 's largest communications companies . The strategy and creative concept for the Hopenhagen idea came from WPP 's Ogilvy & Mather team ; digital framework and direction were developed by MDC Partners ' Colle + McVoy ; and the global PR and messaging plans are spearheaded by Omnicom Group 's Ketchum . Michael Lee , executive director of the International Advertising Association called the coalition of media companies involved "  unprecedented , " adding that it was "  testament to the significance the industry places on the need for action to address climate change . " According to the campaign brief , the aim is to change from the idea that we are just "  coping " with global climate challenges to "  hoping " and ultimately acting to combat the perils of climate change . The Hopenhagen Web site will be the center of an open source campaign where the public can send messages to the delegates of the UN summit meeting as well as raise awareness and debate issues . While the Web site will be developed as the months go by , the IAA also hopes that businesses , governments and NGOs engage in the campaign as well to create a broad global community with shared goals . Unveiled at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival this week , the first elements of the campaign can be seen at New York 's JFK International , LA International and London Heathrow airports . From September a more "  aggressive " consumer launch of the campaign will commence until the conference begins on December 7 . What do you think ? Does climate change need to be branded to keep us engaged ? Are we in danger of "  climate change " fatigue ? Have your say in the Sound Off box below .	U.N. launches climate change awareness campaign ahead of Copenhagen summit U.N. enlists broad coalition of communications companies across media platforms Ban Ki-moon : "  We need a global movement that mobilizes real change "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- All 11 people aboard a U.N. plane carrying military personnel died Friday afternoon when the aircraft crashed into a mountainside in Haiti , a spokeswoman said . The victims were from Uruguay and Jordan , said Michele Montas , the U.N. spokeswoman . The cause of the crash of the Casa C-212 was unknown ; an investigation has been launched . The plane , part of the U.N. mission in Haiti , was doing routine surveillance on the border with the Dominican Republic , she said . The plane crashed 20 kilometers  12 miles  west of the village of Fonds-Verrettes in an area accessible only by foot , Montas said . The mission is called the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti , or MINUSTAH .	NEW : All 11 people aboard U.N. plane killed in Haiti crash , spokeswoman says NEW : Military personnel aboard plane were from Uruguay and Jordan NEW : The Casa C-212 plane crashed into a mountainside Plane was conducting routine surveillance near Dominican Republic
London  CNN  -- Brazil stands at a crossroads in its efforts to preserve the Amazon rainforest as the government considers controversial legislation governing land use . For most of the past decade , it has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation , providing a model of how it could be tackled in other rainforest areas such as Indonesia and Congo . The Amazon rainforest covers a huge area , roughly half as large as the United States , with about 60 % of it in Brazil . It is estimated that nearly a fifth of the Brazilian forest has been lost since 1970 ; figures from Brazil 's space research institute , INPE , show that 4.1 million square kilometers  1.58 million square miles  of Brazilian forest were still standing in 1970 , compared with 3.35 million square kilometers  1.29 million square miles  today . Like in many developing nations , there is pressure on the natural environment from commercial and agriculture interests . According to INPE , in 1995 , nearly 30,000 square kilometers  about 11,550 square miles  were cleared -- that is an area about the size of Belgium or the U.S. state of Maryland -- but in 2011 , the rate of loss had been reduced to just over 6,000 square kilometers  about 2,400 square miles  . Last year saw the lowest annual clearance since yearly INPE surveys began in 1988 , and Brazil is aiming to reduce deforestation even further to 3,500 square kilometers annually by 2020 . See interactive maps of Brazil 's land use Brazil 's environment ministry credits its success to a combination of support for sustainable activities and near-real-time satellite monitoring of forest regions that allows it to target illegal operations with extra agents . But environmentalists worry that these results , brought about by efficient use of technology allied with a political will to slow clearing , could now be put at risk by an overhaul of Brazil 's Forest Code . Protesters say the new code , which could come into effect after a crucial vote Tuesday , reduces protection and weakens enforcement laws . "  The changes in the new Forest Code will reduce this protection . Combined with the strong presence of ` ruralists ' in the Congress -- congressmen linked to the agri-business sector -- there is good reason to be very concerned for the future of forests in Brazil , " said Jessica Miller of Greenpeace Brazil . "  Deforestation in the Amazon has many drivers . Loggers come first to take the most precious timber and finance the building of rough , illegal roads . Then come cattle ranchers , burning what is left and planting grass . Cattle ranching is often used to guarantee the ownership of the area by land grabbers , " she said . At present , Brazilian government statistics show that about 30 % of the country 's land is given over to agriculture . The power of the rural lobby is acknowledged by those close to the Brazilian government , but the environmental fears are also rejected . Luis Antonio Carvalho , special adviser to the Brazilian environment minister , Izabella Teixeira , said , "  It is true that the rural caucus representatives have much power ; everybody knows that . Much of the GDP comes from the Brazilian agriculture and livestock . It is a sector of great importance for the country . "  The new proposal includes all the government 's requirements . It sets out regulations to restore the land . It includes components such as social interest , public utilities and low environmental impact . "  But I think this is the best proposal that can come out for both sides . Environmental groups are concerned , but the rural caucus , on the other hand , are worried , too . So it is clear that neither side will be satisfied with any code that the government approves . " Carvalho said farmers must keep 80 % of their forested land -- they will be able to clear only 20 % -- and may have to use some of their land for reforestation . But farmers are worried about the future of their businesses and are keen to modernize the existing code , which dates to 1965 . No one from the Brazilian farmers ' body , the CNA , which represents 2,300 rural trade unions , was available for comment , but the group 's website calls for a balanced approach that safeguards conservation and food production "  because this production depends on the welfare and progress of the Brazilians . " Protecting the rainforest has attracted celebrity backing for more than two decades . Pop singer Sting and his wife , Trudie Styler , set up the Rainforest Foundation in 1989 after seeing the destruction of the Amazon rainforest and its impact on indigenous peoples . Both the Rainforest Foundation and Greenpeace have urged Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff to use her veto to block the law change . They are concerned about the threat to the huge range of animals and plants found in the world 's rainforests : Scientists from the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity estimate that at least two-thirds of all Earth 's terrestrial species are found in tropical forests . Spring 2012 also marks a significant junction half a world away in Indonesia , which has significant forest areas . In May 2010 , Norway signed a letter of intent pledging about $ 1 billion to help Indonesia reduce deforestation . But there have been delays in implementing the plan , and Greenpeace says it is not working . The agreement was designed to help Indonesia with its commitment to the U.N. 's global REDD + program  Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation  . It called for the establishment of an "  independent institution for a national monitoring , reporting and verification system , " a two-year moratorium on all new concessions for forest clearance and enforcement of laws on illegal logging . Rainforest home to vast treasury of life Central Kalimantan , an area of Indonesia that has seen widespread forest destruction , was chosen as a pilot project . Studies by South Dakota State University and the environmental think tank World Resources Institute show that the lowlands of Kalimantan and Sumatra have lost more than 40 % of the rainforest cover since 1990 . In the same period , more than 17 % of Indonesia 's total forest area has disappeared . The studies also show that there has been a resurgence in clearing since 2000 , but it has not reached the levels of the 1990s . Attempts to halt deforestation in Indonesia are much less advanced than in Brazil , which started its drive in the 1980s . Greenpeace says there are major loopholes in the Indonesian moratorium , saying the safeguards are inadequate with no review of existing concessions , and criticizes the lack of a good monitoring system . "  In short , in our opinion and analysis , the moratorium has not been working well in halting deforestation in Indonesia , " said Yuyun Indradi , Greenpeace forest campaigner in Indonesia . "  The land rights issues are also a major problem in forest governance ... creating more and more conflict and human rights violations . It means the existence of indigenous peoples and local peoples are at risk as , currently , the government tends to give more priority to the large scale industries of forestry , plantation and mining , " he said . The Indonesian government insists that it is committed to REDD + and introducing a host of measures to slow deforestation and reduce emissions . In a keynote environment speech in September , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono dedicated his remaining three years in office to enhancing the forests of Indonesia . "  We must attain both development and the management of our forest simultaneously , " he said . "  This is because forest management is tightly intertwined with the livelihood of our people , with our food security , with the availability of wood and fuel . "  Apart from the moratorium , we have built indicative maps that are important to the implementation of REDD + . These maps will also facilitate the resolution of decades-long problems of land use and land tenure . " A spokesman for the Indonesian government adds that it is working on the maps and new concessions permits , and to determine the extent of forest damage and how to control it . But can Indonesia match the progress made by Brazil ? Greenpeace 's Indradi says Brazil 's strong point has been to implement better forest governance , backed up with good monitoring and serious law enforcement . It is the monitoring issue that is also acknowledged as key by the World Resources Institute . "  Reliable monitoring and information are essential for protecting forests , " said the institute 's Fred Stolle . "  Indonesia recognizes the value of good data and is working to develop such a system . "  What the world really needs is consistent , real-time deforestation data for all forested countries . " Sofia Fernandes contributed to this report .	Brazil has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation Environmentalists worry that its progress could be put at risk by changes to forest law Greenpeace is also concerned that Indonesia 's measures to halt deforestation are not working The World Resources Institute says the world needs consistent , real-time deforestation data
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. investigators are looking into accusations that a company hired by the U.S. military supplied corroded and decades-old Chinese ammunition to the Afghan Army and police . Efraim Diveroli , 22 , is president of AEY Inc. , an arms dealer suspended by the Defense Department . The U.S. government has suspended AEY Inc. of Miami , Florida , for violating its contract , according to U.S. Army documents obtained by CNN . The Army and House Oversight Committee identified the president of AEY Inc. as Efraim E. Diveroli . He is a 22-year-old whose father started the company as a small printing company , according to WFOR-TV , a CNN affiliate in Miami . Watch father describe ` boy genius ' " The government is conducting a criminal investigation into allegations that AEY Inc. knowingly misrepresented what the company would provide the Afghan security forces . Under the contract , AEY said it would supply ammunition manufactured in Hungary . But an investigation by the Army found most of the bullets were made in China , a violation of the contract , according to the Army documents . U.S. regulations bar companies from purchasing weapons or ammunition from a Chinese military company directly or indirectly , according to U.S. military officials . U.S. government investigators took numerous photographs of the ammunition showing that it was improperly packaged and corroding , according to the Army documents . The Department of the Army , the contracting authority for the government , sent a letter to Diveroli on Wednesday informing him that he and his company were suspended from contracting with the U.S. government until the investigation is complete . The Army documents show that since 2004 the company entered agreements with the U.S. government that totaled about $ 10 million . The papers also reveal the company struck it big in 2007 with contracts totaling more than $ 200 million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the Afghan National Army and Police . When that ammunition arrived in Afghanistan , U.S. officials were contacted because of its unsatisfactory condition . Army criminal investigators were sent to look at the packages in January . They took hundreds of pictures showing ammunition dumped in deteriorated and broken cardboard boxes and wrapped in plastic , according to the Army documents . The documents also reveal ammunition was corroded and made in China from 1962 through 1974 . According to U.S. government regulations , the alleged misrepresentation by AEY could bring a fine , five years imprisonment or both . Additionally , if AEY is found in violation of the contract the company will be permanently barred from doing business with the U.S. government . The House Oversight Committee plans to hold a hearing into the matter on April 17 . "  The hearing will examine the company 's financial history , past performance and compliance with U.S. law and government contracting regulations , " the committee said in a statement late Thursday . The hearing also will examine "  the federal government 's efforts to investigate allegations that AEY may have violated U.S. law and government contracting regulations , " the committee said . E-mail to a friend	AEY Inc. is under investigation for reportedly dealing in Chinese ammunition According to government contract , company can not buy munitions from the Chinese Army memo : Government awarded AEY contracts worth in excess of $ 200 million Army Documents reveal ammunition arrived in Afghanistan corroded , poorly packed
CNN  -- On Tuesday morning , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit killed a regulation that is key to making Obamacare work . Its decision in Halbig v. Burwell , if it were the last word on the matter , would have significant -- and damaging -- consequences for millions of Americans who purchase health insurance on exchanges established and run by the federal government . Fortunately , it wo n't be the last word on the matter . And the decision issued later Tuesday by another federal appellate court -- the 4th Circuit -- in King v. Burwell makes clear why : The D.C. Circuit 's decision got basically everything wrong . It misunderstood the text , structure and purpose of the Affordable Care Act . The Justice Department has already indicated that it will ask the entire D.C. Circuit to review the Halbig v. Burwell decision , and when it does , it will no doubt reverse it . These two cases are both part of what Judge Harry Edwards , the dissenting judge in Halbig , termed a "  not-so-veiled attempt to gut " the Affordable Care Act . As the members of Congress who led the enactment of the law made clear in a "  friend of the court " brief they submitted to both courts this year , the fundamental purpose of the statute was to achieve universal health care coverage , and the Internal Revenue Service providing tax credits that act as subsidies so low - and middle-income Americans can pay for health care is central to doing so . The plaintiffs in these challenges argue that these tax credits should not be available to people who buy insurance in the 36 states with exchanges operated by the federal government -- that is , who got their subsidized health coverage through HealthCare.gov , not a state-run exchange . It 's a position that 's not only completely without legal merit -- "  tortured " and "  nonsensical , " according to one of the 4th Circuit judges -- it 's also one that would critically undermine how Obamacare works . What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you But rather than looking at the law as a whole and considering what it was attempting to accomplish , the D.C. Circuit judges focused on one small provision of what is a long and complicated statute . Edwards called the plaintiffs ' argument "  illogical when cast in the context of the statute as a whole . " Indeed , the plaintiffs themselves appeared to recognize how flawed their argument , based on the statute 's language , was and thus manufactured an explanation for why Congress would have written the statute to eliminate the tax credits on federally facilitated exchanges . According to the plaintiffs , Congress wanted to encourage the states to set up their own exchanges . The only problem , as Edwards noted , is that the "  claim is nonsense , made up out of whole cloth . " The legal reasoning in the majority 's opinion is so weak it is difficult to understand it as anything but a political decision . And that is what makes particularly galling the judges ' professed "  reluctance " to reach their conclusion . These judges assert that their hands were tied by the "  limited " role of judges in our democratic system . In other words , they imply , their decision -- which could have massive consequences for millions of Americans -- was actually an exercise of judicial restraint . Appeals courts differ on Obamacare There 's nothing restrained about misreading a law 's text , disregarding its structure and ignoring its purpose . In fact , it was the 4th Circuit judges who exercised true judicial restraint . Two of those judges concluded that the statute was unclear and that they should therefore defer to the agencies charged with implementing the law -- in this case , the IRS , which would provide the tax credit subsidies .  The other judge concluded that the statute is unambiguous , but in the other direction , and requires that tax credits be available on federally facilitated exchanges . As those judges recognized , where a law is unclear , the proper role of a judge is generally to defer to a reasonable construction offered by the executive branch agencies charged with implementing the statute . The judges in Halbig seemed so determined to undermine the Affordable Care Act that they ignored this bedrock legal principle . Fortunately , they wo n't have the last word on the subject .	Brianne Gorod : D.C. Circuit panel got it wrong by dealing blow to how Obamacare works She says 4th Circuit ruling was right and that both challenges part of right 's attempt to gut law D.C. Circuit ruled against federal subsidies for millions signed up , ignoring law 's intent , she says Gorod : Review of decision by entire D.C. Circuit Court will likely reverse flawed decision
CNN  -- They say that breaking up is hard to do , especially when millions of eyes are there to witness every caustic comment and verbal volley . Kate and Jon Gosselin are going through a very public and contentious divorce . No one knows that better than Jon and Kate Gosselin , whose divorce is playing out on a world stage , complete with tabloid covers , he-said-she-said television appearances and court orders . Such public spats can do a great deal of harm , said divorce attorney Randall M. Kessler , who 's handled several celebrity cases . "  I just gave a presentation where I said , ` When can press hurt you ? It 's when clients start talking , ' " Kessler said . "  The hard thing for -LSB- famous people -RSB- to do is to not speak out , because they are so used to everything they say being quoted and helping them , but this is the opposite . Talking about a divorce is never good . " The Gosselins join a growing list of celebrities whose marital woes have been well-documented by the media and paparazzi . See a gallery of celebrity custody battles " Kessler has represented quite a few clients involved in celebrity divorce cases , including Tameka Foster Raymond  who is in the midst of a divorce with superstar singer Usher  and rapper Mack 10  ex-husband of TLC member Tionne "  T-Boz " Watkins  , as well as some high-profile paternity and child support lawsuits . Celebrities often want to protect their reputations and the wrong sound bite can ruin that , Kessler said . Yet , at the same time , it can be difficult for the famous to take direction , he said . "  They are so used to being in charge of their own destiny and being able to decide what 's best for them that it 's very hard for them to listen to attorneys , accountants or anyone that is trying to advise them , " Kessler said . Viewers have questioned who , if anyone , Jon and Kate Gosselin are taking cues from in their very public marital battle . In May , Kate defended her husband against rumors that he had been cheating on her and stepping out while she stayed home with their twins and sextuplets . Weeks later they used their enormously popular TLC reality show , "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " , to admit what fans had begun to suspect : Their marriage was on the rocks . Soon they announced that they were divorcing , but would continue filming -- albeit separately -- their series , which for four seasons had chronicled the highs and lows of their family life . It all appeared to be relatively civil until Jon began stepping out with his new girlfriend , moved to a bachelor pad in New York and appeared to be living the high life with shopping sprees and designer duds . Jon took to the airwaves to reveal that he "  despised Kate . " Kate lamented that she missed "  the Jon I knew . " TLC announced in October that the reality show would continue as "  Kate Plus 8 " and Jon immediately called a halt to filming , claiming the series was doing damage to their children . Within days , Kate accused Jon of making off with more than $ 200,000 from their joint bank account . A judge ordered him to return $ 180,000 to the account . Watch a discussion about the Gosselin 's money madness " Through it all , both have maintained they each have the best interests of their children at heart . Child psychologist Joanne Pedro-Carroll said the Gosselins are in a precarious position . "  It 's very concerning , especially given how public this is and the children 's young ages , which makes them especially vulnerable , " Pedro-Carroll said . "  One of the things we know with really young children is that they are prone to misconceptions about the reasons for the breakup . " While Jon and Kate have n't so far added a bitter custody dispute to their matrimonial melee , Pedro-Carroll said she worries about the long-term effect on the young Gosselins . "  Sadly , the things that are happening now , with all of this conflict and having it be so public , puts these children very much at risk for having problems , " said Pedro-Carroll , author of the forthcoming book "  Putting Children First : Proven Parenting Strategies for Helping Children Thrive After Divorce . " "  I worry about the children being pulled into loyalty conflicts , thinking about who the good person here is and who 's the bad person , when children very much need two loving , responsible parents in their lives . " Kessler said he advises his celebrity clients to , when possible , keep the children out of the media and receive training in cooperative parenting . Lisa Pecot-Hebert , an assistant professor at the College of Communication at DePaul University , said she believes many viewers can relate to the Gosselins ' divorce drama . Fans can also view the family 's situation as a cautionary tale , she said . "  I think viewers can learn that sometimes when people let cameras into their personal lives for our entertainment , oftentimes it ruins what was theirs to begin with , " Pecot-Hebert said .	Jon and Kate Gosselin 's divorce is playing out before the public They join a growing list of celebs whose marital woes have been documented Celebrity lawyer says it is sometimes hard for stars to listen to advisers Professor : Gosselins can be a cautionary tale for viewers
CNN  -- Julie Quiroz , a 14-year-old U.S. citizen , has been separated from her mother for nearly two years . Her mom was deported to Mexico for being in the United States illegally . Julie Quiroz is one of an estimated 4 million "  citizen children " in the United States , according to new study . At the age of 12 , Julie was forced to decide between her country and her family . With the help of a Christian philanthropist , she chose to stay in the United States . "  It 's really , really hard to leave your family , " she told CNN by phone . A study issued Tuesday provides one of the most comprehensive looks at "  citizen children " like Julie who are caught in the cross hairs of the nation 's illegal immigration battle . Nearly 4 million children who have at least one parent who entered the U.S. illegally were born in the United States and are U.S. citizens as a result , according to the study conducted by the Pew Hispanic Center . That 's about three quarters of the estimated 5.5 million children of illegal immigrants inside the United States , according to the study . About 1.8 million children of undocumented immigrants live in poverty , the study found . "  Among children whose parents are unauthorized immigrants , one in three is poor . The -LSB- poverty -RSB- rate of children of unauthorized immigrants is similar whether the children are unauthorized immigrants or U.S. born , " the study says . Roughly 12 million illegal immigrants are in the United States -- about 4 percent of the nation 's population . The study found that the majority of illegal immigrants , about 7 million , come from Mexico . Shuya Ohno with the Washington-based advocacy organization National Immigration Forum said the study underscores how the nation 's immigration situation is "  not so simple . " "  This really highlights the fact that so many undocumented families are of mixed status -- that there is a U.S. citizen in the direct family , " he said . Undocumented immigrants make up more than 5 percent of the U.S. work force , according to the study , based on March 2008 figures from the U.S. Census Bureau . The children of illegal immigrants make up an even greater share of students in America 's primary and secondary schools , with nearly 7 percent enrolled in kindergarten through 12th grade . That figure has jumped , from 5.4 percent in 2003 . In states near Mexico 's border -- Arizona , California , Colorado , Nevada and Texas -- about 10 percent of the student population are the children of illegal immigrants . The study also found that these children are more likely to live in a two-parent home , compared with the rest of the nation . "  The vast majority of all children with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent live in two-parent families  80 percent  , " the study says . "  This is similar to the share of children of other immigrants who do so  84 percent  and higher than the share of children with U.S.-born parents  71 percent  . " The study comes as the Obama administration considers comprehensive immigration reform . Obama has supported a combination of enforcing laws and opening up the system . He wants to see a pass for citizenship that would mean having an illegal immigrant pay a fine , learn English and then get in line for citizenship . Critics refer to that "  path to citizenship " as amnesty . In the case of Julie Quiroz , she was born in Washington state , lived there her entire life and went to school there . But her mother , Ana Reyes , entered the United States illegally before Quiroz was born and U.S. immigration officials deported her in 2007 . Two of her brothers were also deported . Her 7-year-old sister , who is a U.S. citizen , is living in Mexico with her mother . "  She is getting no education or very little -- and pretty much has lost all of her English language skills for being out of the country now for almost two years . It 's just awful , " said Joe Kennard , the philanthropist who came to Julie 's aid . Kennard formed a group called Organization to Help Citizen Children , which works with churches along the U.S.-Mexico border to provide support for children whose mother or father is deported to Mexico . Julie has been living with his family over the last year in Texas . He has urged Obama to issue an executive order to stay the deportation of any undocumented parent of a citizen child to prevent the separation of families . "  It 's the only humane thing to do , " he said . Immigration officials have long maintained they are simply enforcing the laws on the books and it 's the fault of the parents for putting children into such a predicament by not following proper immigration channels . Julie , who first told her story to CNN last year , said she speaks to her mom nearly every day by phone and communicates with her via e-mail . "  I miss them a lot , " she said . "  I mean big time ! " She last visited her family in Mexico City at Christmas . She said she hopes to be a lawyer for immigrants one day "  to help make their dreams come true , to make a better life here . " Her message to citizen children : "  Stay strong . If they separate you from your family , you can still try to be together . " She added with a sigh , "  It 's not right what they 're doing -- separating families . " -- CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	Pew Hispanic Center study : 3 in 4 "  illegal " immigrant children are U.S. citizens 80 percent of illegal immigrant children live in two-parent homes , study finds One-third of children of illegal immigrants in U.S. live in poverty , study finds "  It 's really , really hard to leave your family , " says one child separated from mom
CNN  -- For Nadya Suleman , being in the spotlight is a double-edged sword . The media have invaded her privacy and turned her into a carnival attraction , she told Oprah Winfrey on Tuesday . But Suleman also acknowledges that the media has also become a source of income for her , a single mother of 14 children . "  That -LSB- Star magazine -RSB- photo shoot was $ 100,000 , " Suleman said on Winfrey 's show via satellite from California , referring to the January cover that depicted her "  bikini body . " "  I was ashamed of that -- that 's not my character -- but I felt as though I needed to do something , " she said . "  I did it because there were 14 hungry mouths . I own full responsibility for providing for my children . We have some of that money left until I figure out another way to make ends meet . " At this point , with eight 14-month old babies and six other children between the ages of 3 and 8 , one of whom has autism , Suleman does n't appear to have the time to take up a full-time job . She does have three nannies who help her during the day in shifts . But even so , Suleman says she is constantly counting heads , making bottles or keeping a child from hurting another , as was revealed when Winfrey 's camera crew spent 24 hours in her home . "  You 're so busy trying to keep up , you do n't have time to think , reflect or feel anything , " she told Winfrey . "  You ca n't regret children , but -LSB- my -RSB- choices were childish , immature and selfish . I was n't thinking at that time . " At the start of the interview , Winfrey made it clear that Harpo Productions , her multimedia company , did n't pay Suleman "  a dime " and , in fact , Suleman approached Winfrey to tell her side of the story . "  Everything that -LSB- the media -RSB- have said so far about me , and about me wanting to do this on purpose -- I never wanted to use children for fame , " Suleman said , adding that her rationale for implanting eight embryos at one time stemmed from a variety of factors . There was what she calls "  a childish desire to have a large family , " and "  perhaps selfishness , trying to compensate for being an only child , trying to fill some missing piece inside , " she said . "  I believe I 've always coveted that connection , that attachment to another human being , and it felt safer with children than a significant other , " Suleman added . Suleman emphasized repeatedly to Winfrey that she 's determined to take care of her brood on her own , without government assistance and without turning to adoption or foster care . "  I will do everything as a mother to avoid that at all costs , " she told Winfrey , although she said she would never consider a reality TV show , which she considers exploitative and borderline abusive , or doing porn , despite having received three offers since the birth of her octuplets . Yet Suleman did appear in a two-hour Fox special that documented the first six months of her octuplets ' lives and aired on the network in August 2009 . Around that time , there were reports that Suleman had signed on to do a reality show with U.K. production company Eyeworks . However , Suleman said that she "  would never do a reality show , that 's been a lie from the beginning . " She told Winfrey that she has "  been ashamed of myself to go through certain media outlets to provide for my children , " before adding , "  this was my choice and my responsibility , and I did n't want to depend on anyone . " As a result , Suleman said she lives "  every single day , every hour of the day , with a tremendous amount of guilt . I feel guilty when I look at the older ones , they all have different unique needs , " she told Winfrey . "  I feel guilty when I 'm holding one or two and I ca n't be there for the others when they 're crying . " Regardless of the way she markets her "  Octomom " identity , Suleman said the biggest misconception people have about her is that she did it all for fame . "  I 'm not a celebrity . I 'm a pseudo-celebrity catapulted into this media mess , " she said . "  Was I in denial thinking it would n't happen ? Yeah . Did I want it ? No . "	On Tuesday 's "  Oprah Winfrey Show , " Nadya Suleman revealed what her life is like She said the media has both invaded her privacy and been a way to make money She said she never thought she would have 8 more kids , and doing so was a selfish choice Suleman said she 's determined to take care of her family on her own
CNN  -- For the first time since their rescue two months ago , the world is hearing directly from the three women who were held captive in Cleveland for a decade . Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight released a video on YouTube , offering their thanks to all those who have supported them since they were freed from captivity . "  I want to thank everyone who has helped me and my family through this entire ordeal , everyone who has been there to support us . It has been a blessing to have such an outpouring of love and kindness , " Amanda Berry says in the video . Berry was abducted at age 16 in April 2003 and has a 6-year-old daughter , who was born during her captivity . Before and after the kidnappings Gina DeJesus was 14 when she was kidnapped in 2004 . She says to the public , "  thank you for the support . " Michelle Knight , who was abducted at age 21 in August 2002 says , "  thank you everyone for your love , support , and donations which helped me build a brand new life . I want everyone to know I 'm doing just fine . I may have been to hell and back , but I am strong enough to walk through hell with a smile on my face and with my head held high and my feet firmly on the ground . " Feds : 3 in Ohio held woman , child in ` subhuman ' conditions The Courage Fund , which was established to help the three victims , has raised more than $ 1 million dollars . The three women were held captive by Ariel Castro and were beaten , raped and starved for a decade , according to prosecutors . They were freed in May after one shouted for help while Castro was gone from the house . ` Please do n't let me go , ' victim told officers The women do n't plan to make any additional public statements . "  I 'm getting stronger each day and having my privacy has helped immensely . I ask that everyone continue to respect our privacy and give us time to have a normal life , " Berry says . Castro is accused of holding the women in his Cleveland home . He faces 329 counts , including one count of aggravated murder for allegedly causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy . His next pretrial hearing is scheduled for July 24th .	Former captives release YouTube video to convey appreciation to supporters Courage Fund has raised more than $ 1 million dollars for the victims Women do n't plan to make any additional public statements
CNN  --  CNN  -- Two skiers missing after a weekend avalanche in the Colorado mountains were found dead Sunday , authorities said . A search and rescue team worked to remove the bodies from the steep terrain Sunday , said Betty Benson , a spokeswoman for the Lake County Office of Emergency Management . Searchers braved "  very , very steep " terrain and high risks of another snowslide while following signals from the emergency beacons the skiers wore , Susan Matthews , another emergency management spokeswoman said Sunday . A record level of snow this winter and changing wind patterns have combined to create "  very unstable conditions " on Colorado mountains , Matthews said . "  For those people who are not prepared to be in those backcountry conditions , unfortunate incidents happen . " The two skiers were part of a group of seven who were caught in the rugged backcountry east of Aspen on Saturday . Officials have not released the names of the skiers . One of the three survivors was released from a hospital Sunday , while two others were transferred to other medical centers and two more were unharmed , Lake County authorities said . The reported injuries included a broken leg , a broken ankle , a possible broken rib and a collapsed lung , county authorities said . Saturday 's avalanche follows a string of deadly snowslides that killed six people last week -- two each in Colorado , Utah and Oregon . The Colorado Avalanche Information Center has issued warnings that cover much of the state 's ski country throughout the weekend . The center warns of "  unusual conditions " in the Rocky Mountains -- weak layers beneath the surface of the snowpack , rapid warming and strong winds -- that can lead to "  unusual and surprising avalanches . " "  We are seeing very dangerous avalanche conditions developing from basically the New Mexico border north to Wyoming , " the center said in an advisory issued Saturday . "  And the problem list is about as complicated as it can get . We are seeing very large avalanches taking out very old trees , mine buildings that have been around for many decades , and avalanches burying roadways with 20 feet of debris . "  People have been getting caught and killed in avalanches recently . These are glaring , flashing and obvious clues that things are not all good across our backcountry . We are seeing a snowpack that is teetering on the brink of critical mass . " Avalanches kill 6 in the western United States Grandson of Vail resort co-founder killed in Colorado avalanche CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Search team works to remove bodies of two dead skiers from mountain Mountain snowpacks are "  teetering on the brink of critical mass , " avalanche center warns The avalanche occurred Saturday evening in central Colorado The hospitalized skiers suffered injuries such as a broken leg and a broken ankle
AOL Autos  -- Protecting drivers and passengers from injury has been a high priority for car makers for the last 40 years or more . A truck driver tests an anti-collison system . The red light goes on if the car in front of him is too close . Not just because it 's the right thing to do , but also because having a reputation for building safe vehicles helps automakers sell more cars . But in recent years , high-tech advancements have come along at such a fast and furious rate that auto-safety systems have entered a whole new universe . For most of the history of auto manufacturing , car makers ' efforts in the area of safety have been devoted to developing "  passive " safety features -- seat belts , air bags , building a stronger frame for the cabin , side-impact door beams , etc. . All those things help you stay safe once you are involved in an accident . But just as advanced technology has changed almost every other industry , so too has it changed the automotive industry , leading to the design of more "  active " safety features . AOL Autos : Safest cars It started with now-common features like anti-lock brakes  ABS  and electronic stability control systems  ESC  . But in recent years , engineers have taken safety technology to a new level . And these days , they spend more time and money researching and developing "  crash avoidance " features and technologies . These computerized systems , instead of protecting you if a crash occurs , help you avoid accidents in the first place . Some of these systems are already in vehicles on the road today , while others are coming down the pipeline in the next few years . Mercedes uses radar , rear-view monitor Given that it 's a higher-priced luxury brand , it figures that Mercedes-Benz is one of the leaders when it comes to these kinds of high-tech crash-avoidance systems . Finely-tuned anti-lock brake and electronic-stability-control systems are standard equipment in all Mercedes cars . AOL Autos : Best and worst hybrids "  And presently , a number of our vehicles offer Distronic Plus , a crash-avoidance system that employs dual-band radar that measures the distance between you and the vehicle ahead of you , " said Patrik Borenius , Mercedes ' manager of advanced product planning . "  If that distance closes too rapidly , indicating that a crash might be imminent , it emits first an audible signal , then a visual warning , and the system can actually start to apply the brakes to a certain threshold . "  Or , if you start to apply the brakes yourself , but not quickly enough to help you avoid impact , our Brake Assist system applies even more braking power . " AOL Autos : Most popular fuel-efficient cars "  We also have a Blind Spot Monitor that uses radar to examine the area just to the rear and to the left of your vehicle , " added Bart Herring , product manager for Mercedes ' S-Class and CL-Class . "  So when another vehicle , or any object , enters into that blind spot , a red indicator light in your side view mirror lights up . And if you start to change lanes while that other car is in your blind spot that also triggers an audio alert to warn you . " Plus , Mercedes ' Rear View Monitor "  views " anything that is directly behind the vehicle as it is backing up , and then projects that image onto the navigation-system screen . This feature helps avoid accidents in situations where the vehicle is going in reverse and the driver 's view of oncoming traffic is impaired -- like in parking structures , or when backing out of a driveway on a heavily-trafficked street . AOL Autos : Most popular crossover vehicles Mercedes also offers a Night View system in the S-Class and CL-Class , which , at night , "  gives you a very sharp , daytime-quality picture of everything that is going on in front of you , " Herring said . "  And it 's projected onto a separate display screen that 's in the middle of the instrument cluster , right in front of you . " The "  new frontier " of safety technology Ford Motor Company is another car maker where the engineers are excited about its tech-driven crash-avoidance systems -- some currently in use , some still in development . AOL Autos : Luxury cars with the best MPG "  Developing new active-safety systems really is the new frontier in safety technology in the auto industry , " said Steve Kozak , Ford 's global chief engineer for safety systems . Ford has owned Volvo since 1999 , so Ford is benefiting from many of Volvo 's renowned safety features . "  Some of the more advanced features that were first offered in Volvo 's vehicles are cascading down into the Ford product line , due to our engineers working together with theirs , " Kozak said . One Ford system in development addresses the fact that many accidents happen because drivers are n't paying attention . "  Studies have shown that in 50 percent of accidents , the drivers never even stepped on the brake , " Kozak said . So , one technology that excites Kozak is the "  collision mitigation system " that originated in the 2007 Volvo S80 and will be cascading into the Ford product line in the near future . "  It senses that that the car ahead of you is coming to a rapid stop , so if you 're not paying attention , it essentially tells you to ` wake up and do something , ' " Kozak explained . "  With this system , there is a light mounted at the top of the instrument panel that reflects into the windshield , it 's essentially a heads-up display , so in this kind of panic situation , that light will illuminate plus you get an audio alert telling you it 's time to take action . " Ford is also presently developing a blind-spot alert system  for early '09 rollout  and a lane-departure warning system  similar to those offered in Mercedes vehicles  -- technologies that also originated in Volvo vehicles . "  One interesting aspect of the lane-departure system that we 're working on is that it may involve ` tactile input ' in addition to an audio warning , " Kozak said . That is , when you 're coming up too fast on the car ahead of you , "  you could get a vibrating sensation in the car seat or steering wheel . " From roll mitigation to trailer stability -- and more Meanwhile , Chrysler LLC is "  devoting plenty of resources and doing a lot of system-development work devoted to trying to mitigate a crash , " said Chris Barman , Chrysler 's director for active and passive safety systems . One such crash-avoidance system currently employed in various Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep vehicles is an electronic Roll-Mitigation System . "  It senses when the vehicle is in danger or is moving sideways at a rapid pace , which could lead to a rollover , " Barman explained . "  So it applies more brake pressure to the outside front wheel , which corrects the lateral motion and keeps the car moving forward . " Chrysler 's own version of a computerized Brake-Assist system helps in another situation that is all too common , Barman said . "  Many times , in an emergency-braking situation , drivers will initially hit the brakes -- but then , unknowingly , let off the brake pedal , which means they lose a lot of stopping distance . "  So , if they do n't hit the brakes with enough pressure , or do n't brake fast enough , this system will detect that , and automatically applies the optimum amount of brake pressure in the shortest amount of time -- which could go a long way toward avoiding a crash and any resulting injury . " Another Chrysler feature Barman likes is the trailer-stability control system . "  Sometimes , if you 've never towed a trailer before , or if maybe you have too much weight in the rear of the trailer , the trailer can start swaying back and forth , " Barman explained . "  Well , this system uses sensors to determine yaw rate and lateral-movement rate , and then provides brake pressure that is counter to the sway of the trailer to get it to settle down . " Other crash-avoiding features being introduced for the 2009 Chrysler Town & Country and the Dodge Caravan minivans are Chrysler 's own version of the Blind Spot Monitoring system , plus the Rear Cross Path system , which uses an illuminated icon in the mirror and an audible chime to warn you of the presence of an oncoming vehicle when you 're backing up -- like in the parking-structure scenario cited above . "  We 're trying to take a 360-degree view all around the vehicle , in order to determine everything we can do to help a person avoid a crash , " Barman said .	High-tech advancements push auto-safety systems forward Having reputation for building safe vehicles helps automakers sell more cars Mercedes ' Rear View Monitor views directly behind the vehicle as it backs up Chrysler system senses when car is in danger of rolling over
CNN  -- Mexico City sees its share of protests , but this one was unusual . One woman wept . Other protesters shouted at the tops of their lungs , demanding answers . Still others showed pictures of their relatives to puzzled passersby . The protesters who gathered Thursday are relatives of 11 partygoers who went missing more than a week ago from a bar in a posh Mexico City neighborhood known as "  Zona Rosa , " or Pink Zone . The area has a vibrant night scene with bars , nightclubs and upscale restaurants on every street . The protesters say their relatives were kidnapped on May 26 as they were partying at Heaven , an after-hours bar in the neighborhood . All 11 disappeared between 10 a.m. and noon , they say . The bar is only steps away from Paseo de la Reforma , an iconic avenue in central Mexico City . The emblematic Angel of Independence monument is nearby , as are the U.S. Embassy and the financial district . Guadalupe Dominguez , a relative of one of the missing , said a witness told her the 11 people were kidnapped by armed men who showed up in SUVs , but authorities say there 's no evidence of such an incident . "  A young fellow who managed to escape was the one who told us about it , but we do n't really know anything else , " Dominguez said . Mexico reports more than 26,000 missing Most of those hanging out at the after-hours bar were in their 20s , except for Yersi Ortiz , who is 16 . Maria Teresa Ramos , Ortiz 's grandmother , said relatives are mystified and want answers . "  This supposedly happened on Sunday in broad daylight . This could n't have happened during the day and only a few steps from Reforma Avenue without anybody noticing . There should be surveillance cameras that can show us exactly what happened , " Ramos said . Maria del Carmen Zamudio , another relative at the protest , said the witness told them the young people were all suddenly told to leave . "  The  bar  owner apparently told them that there was going to be a police operation and turned the lights off . He told them to get out , and armed men in black SUVs were already waiting for them outside , " Zamudio said . Police say there was no such operation . Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said authorities are treating the incident as a missing-person case because so far , there 's no evidence the young people were kidnapped . "  For now , we have n't been able to confirm how this happened or the specific location where  these young people  were kidnapped . What we have is a missing persons report and the knowledge that they 're missing . We have to do something to find them , " Mancera said . Inside San Pedro Sula , the ` murder capital ' of the world Mexico City District Attorney Rodolfo Rios Garza said security cameras at the bar were not working , but authorities are relying on city cameras in the neighborhood . So far , he said , an analysis of video from the cameras does not show any violence in or around the bar where the kidnapping supposedly took place . Authorities searched the bar and found illegal drugs but no signs of forced entry or anything that would indicate the young people had been kidnapped , Rios Garza said . More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country 's government cracked down on drug cartels , according to Mexico 's Interior Ministry . Authorities do n't have data about how many of the disappearances are connected with organized crime . The 26,121 disappearances occurred during former President Felipe Calderon 's six-year administration , which ended on December 1 when Enrique Pena Nieto assumed the presidency . The bar has been shut down while the investigation into the disappearances continues . The Mexican attorney general 's office has also joined the investigation . Last month , Malcolm Shabazz , the grandson of civil rights activist Malcolm X , was beaten to death at another Mexico City establishment . Shabazz , 28 , was found just outside the bar by police at 3:30 a.m. one block south of Plaza Garibaldi . Two bartenders were arrested in connection with Shabazz 's killing , the attorney general 's office said . Rios Garza said the men work at the bar , The Palace Club , where Shabazz and three people had drinks . An argument ensued when the staff said the bill was $ 1,200 . Shabazz was beaten while another man was threatened and stripped of his belongings , Rios said . Marine reservist kidnapped in Mexico , FBI seeks public 's help CNN 's Steve Almasy and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	11 young people go missing from Mexico City bar on May 26 in broad daylight Relatives say they were told their loved ones were kidnapped District attorney , mayor say there 's no evidence of foul play and are investigating In May , Malcolm X grandson Malcolm Shabazz was killed at another Mexico City bar
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Cell phone images are providing evidence that a large number of civilians may have been mistakenly killed by U.S. troops operating in Afghanistan last month , two NATO officials said Sunday . The grainy cell phone video shows blankets and quilts covering bodies inside a building . The Afghan government , a United Nations review and other reports from the region state that as many as 90 civilians were killed in an August 22 airstrike , but the Pentagon has adamantly disputed the death toll . Another U.S. military official , who has seen the cell phone imagery but asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , said Monday there were about 30 bodies , some covered and some in blankets . There were "  several children who appear to be pulled from the rubble , " he said . The grainy cell phone video , viewed by CNN , shows rows of blankets and quilts inside a building . In the video , someone lifts the blankets to show the heads of those slain . People who appear to be mourners sit by their loved ones and wail . Watch : Video prompts Pentagon probe " Though CNN has confirmed the military is reviewing the video , CNN has not independently verified the authenticity of the imagery . The U.S. military source , who has direct knowledge of the investigation , said the initial U.S. assessment was based largely on comparisons of satellite imagery of a 10-square-kilometer area from before the attack , taken August 14 , and imagery captured after the attack , on August 24 . Officials viewing the satellite imagery looked for fresh graves after the attack and found only 18 new plots , just in the village area , he said . A U.S. patrol then went to the area August 26 . The patrol confirmed those graves but found no others , the source said . The cell phone images were recently shown to Gen. David McKiernan , the top NATO commander , who over the weekend asked for a high-level review of the previous military investigation . That probe concluded the United States was only responsible for a handful of civilian deaths . One of the NATO officials said it appears there were a number of villagers buried in the rubble that the U.S. troops did not see when they were searching the compound targeted in the airstrike . It is believed that after the U.S. troops left the compound , villagers pulled the bodies from the rubble and buried them . Locals apparently took cell phone images and showed them to U.N. investigators , who recently showed them to McKiernan , leading him to request a review . McKiernan learned of the cell phone imagery only after it was shown to him at the U.N. headquarters in Kabul a few days ago . "  In light of emerging evidence pertaining to civilian casualties in the August 22 counter-insurgency operation in the Shindand District , Herat province , I feel it is prudent to request that U.S. Central Command send a general officer to review the U.S. investigation and its findings with respect to this new evidence , " McKiernan said Sunday in statement . "  The people of Afghanistan have our commitment to get to the truth , " he said . Afghanistan 's government and the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan concluded that 90 civilians were killed in the August 22 airstrike in the western Afghan province of Herat . UNAMA said it found "  convincing " evidence that 60 children , 15 women and 15 men were killed in the strike . But the initial investigation by the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan found that 30 to 35 Taliban militants and five to seven civilians were killed . The findings have been handed over to McKiernan . After the Afghan government concluded its investigation , ministers demanded a review of international troops within its borders . On August 25 , Afghanistan 's Council of Ministers called on the Defense and Foreign Affairs ministries to start negotiating a "  status of forces " agreement with international forces -- which include U.S. and NATO troops . The council also asked that the ministries demand the international forces halt airstrikes on civilian targets , as well as house searches not coordinated with Afghan authorities and the illegal detention of civilians . That same day , Afghan President Hamid Karzai announced that he had fired two military commanders , including Gen. Jalandar Shah , the Afghan army corps ' commander for western Afghanistan . The humanitarian watchdog group Human Rights Watch released a report Monday saying that U.S. and NATO airstrikes in Afghanistan almost tripled from 2006 to 2007 , "  fueling a public backlash . " The report added that this year , there has been a "  massive and unprecedented surge in the use of airpower " there . Karzai has blamed U.S.-led coalition forces for failing to coordinate their attack with the Afghan army . However , coalition officials said Afghan and coalition troops called in the airstrike as they embarked on a raid to arrest a Taliban commander in Shindand . The coalition investigation found that U.S. and Afghan forces began taking fire from Taliban militants as the forces approached the target in the early hours of August 22 . "  The intensity of the enemy fire justified use of well-aimed small-arms fire and close-air support to defend the combined force , " the coalition said in a statement released shortly after the strike . "  The type and application of fires were used in accordance with existing rules of engagement . " Mullah Sadiq , a known Taliban commander , was among the militants killed , the coalition said . A U.S. military official , who declined to be named because the investigation is ongoing , cast doubt on reports that the strike killed civilians gathered in a room , reciting Quranic verses at 1 a.m. Regarding reports that most of the 90 deaths were children , the official said there were not 50 children in the entire village . The airstrike was on a legitimate target , he said , noting that coalition forces found a weapons cache -- including AK-47s , 4,000 rounds of ammunition and bomb-making materials -- as well as thousands of dollars in U.S. currency . Investigators also discovered "  firm evidence " that militants had planned to attack a nearby coalition base , the coalition statement said . The airstrike disrupted the militants ' plan , the statement said . The investigating officer interviewed more than 30 people , both Afghan and American , the statement said . He also viewed video taken during the engagement , topographic photos of the area before and after , reports from ground and air personnel involved , reports from local medical clinics and hospitals , intelligence reports , and physical data and photographs collected on the site . Last week , Karzai spoke to President Bush "  in general terms " about the incident , the White House said in a statement . It gave no further details .	NEW : Video shows rows of blankets , apparent mourners wailing by loved ones Locals apparently pulled bodies from rubble after U.S. troops left compound Reports say as many as 90 civilians killed in strike ; Pentagon disputes death toll U.S. says it killed at least 30 militants , uncovered cache of weapons in strike
CNN  -- Cameroon joined Ivory Coast and Nigeria as African qualifiers for the World Cup finals with a 4-1 victory over Tunisia in Yaounde Sunday . Tied goalless from the first leg , the Indomitable Lions took a two goal cushion as Pierre Webo and Benjamin Moudandjo were on target . But Tunisia were given hope through Ahmed Akaichi 's strike after the break until a Jean Makoun brace made it six final appearances in the last seven for Cameroon . On Saturday , the Super Eagles of Nigeria made the finals for the fifth time after easing to a 2-0 home win over Ethiopia for a 4-1 aggregate triumph , while the Ivory Coast held Senegal 1-1 in Casablanca to go through 4-2 on aggregate in a tense atmosphere . That match was played in Casablanca , with Senegal punished by FIFA for crowd trouble , but they gave Ivory Coast an uncomfortable time . Trailing 3-1 from the first leg , Senegal went ahead in the 77th minute after former Chelsea star Didier Drogba fouled Sadio Mane . Substitute Moussa Sow scored from the spot and another goal would have put Senegal through on their away goal , a last gasp strike from Newcastle 's Papiss Cisse 's in the first leg , but they could not grab a second . Kara Modji went close before Salomon Kalou made it safe for the Ivory Coast with a stoppage time equalizer to the relief of his teammates . Nigeria , leading 2-1 from the first leg , were given a comfortable cushion when Victor Moses , on loan at Liverpool from fellow EPL side Chelsea , scored from the penalty spot after Anyalem Hailu handled . Ethiopia put up a brave fight but the reigning African champions made sure of their passage when substitute Victor Obinna doubled Nigeria 's lead after 82 minutes with a fine free kick . "  I am happy to be part of this history making . My target is now to help my country do well at the World Cup , " he told AFP . Ghana , 6-1 winners over Egypt in their opener , and Burkina Faso , holders of a 3-2 lead over Algeria , are in action in the other two qualifiers Tuesday .	Nigeria and Ivory Coast first African teams into World Cup finals Nigeria beat Ethiopia 2-0 for 4-1 aggregate victory in two legged playoff Ivory Coast hold Senegal in Caseblanca to go through 4-2 on aggregate NEW : Cameroon join them Sunday with 4-1 win over Tunisia
London  CNN  -- The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as a shining economic light . Estonia , which joined the euro in January 2011 , has shaken off its painful Soviet Union history and a credit-fed boom and bust to rebuild itself as an economy with shrinking unemployment numbers and growth far exceeding its peers . The fortunes of the small Baltic country , perched on the edge of northern Europe , run in stark contrast to the eurozone 's troubled south , where unemployment has soared to record levels and recessions are becoming entrenched . But Estonia 's finance minister , Jurgen Ligi , told CNN Greece -- the eurozone 's most troubled nation -- was "  paradise " compared to what his country had suffered after the USSR fell . Estonia , vice-chair of last week 's Organisation for Economic Development and Cooperation Ministerial Council Meeting in Paris , joined the euro seven months after Greece had taken its first bailout and as the common currency slid into crisis . Ligi told CNN joining the euro was a "  natural choice " for a "  small open economy . " The country , which has just 1.3 million people , had always been "  very much dependent on the eurozone , and now we are participating and influencing the decisions , " he said . WATCH MORE : Post-Soviet winners and losers Accession to the eurozone , despite its problems , ensured the country offered a more stable currency , which gave confidence to investors , Ligi said , as well as showing "  solidarity and political cooperation . "  Sometimes you have obligations that you do n't like but -LSB- do them -RSB- for general stability . " Ligi said the austerity drive being pushed through Europe barely justified the label . "  I would not use the word austerity in Europe , where the size of the social system is half of that of the world and consumption level among the highest . " Estonia went through its own harsh program of cuts in 2009 , slicing back state salaries and freezing pensions , after its real estate bubble went bust . The program helped ensure Estonia stayed inside the rules of entry to the eurozone . The country 's growth rate averaged 8 % between 2003 and 2007 , before crashing into recession in 2008 : its GDP shrank 14.3 % in 2009 but has since rebounded . According to Ligi , real GDP will recover to pre-crisis levels next year . Ligi said the contraction was based on a "  credit , real estate and consumption bubble " while today 's economy "  is on a much stronger basis . " Estonia 's debt to GDP ratio remains markedly lower than that of its European peers , sitting at 10.1 % compared to Greece at a heady 156.9 % and Italy at a painful 127 % . WATCH MORE : Doing business in Estonia Estonia 's export economy is also supported by its strong links with Scandinavian countries , including Finland and Sweden . Its unemployment , at 10 % , remains high but lower than the eurozone as whole , which now sits at 12.2 % . The OECD has predicted this will rise to 12.3 % in 2014 . Estonia 's youth unemployment sits at 23 % , again lower than the eurozone 's 24.4 % . The former Soviet nation has built itself into a free market , highly educated country with a strong telecommunications industry . The birthplace of Skype become known as E-Stonia following the USSR 's collapse in 1991 . It drove through an ambitious program of connectivity credited to Toomas Hendrik Ilves , the bow-tie wearing former ambassador to the United States who is now the country 's president . Ligi said the country did not forget the crisis which followed its independence , when inflation reached 1000 % and it underwent rapid monetary reform . "  We have been making right and sustainable decisions , " Ligi said . "  There are lots of countries with similar history and situation than Estonia are not taking advantage . He added : "  This is no miracle that Estonia is developing quicker than the others . " Estonians bore with structural changes with the culture of practicality , Ligi said . " -LSB- Estonians -RSB- are very rational ... we have a lot of common sense , " he said . "  We appreciate solidarity but we do not forget personal responsibility . " The country 's leaders -- including Ilves -- have also proved feisty defenders of their economic reforms . In an infamous Twitter battle with Nobel economics prize winner and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman , who questioned whether Estonia 's GDP recovery could be classed as an "  economic triumph , " Ilves slapped down the "  smug , overbearing & patronizing " report .	The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as a shining economic light . Estonia , which joined the euro in January 2011 , has rising employment and growth exceeding its peers Its economy has been through financial restructuring and a credit-fed boom and bust Joining the bloc has helped buoy its economy due to increased confidence from investors
CNN  -- As a father of three , I felt Tricia Lammers ' pain as she spoke about her son Blaec . He is 22 years old and six feet tall , with a goatee . But like most mothers , she still sees her son as a little boy . When I visited her at her home in Bolivar , Missouri , she was delighted to show off her scrapbooks filled with pictures from his childhood . She told me Blaec loved anything where he could use his hands . He played football , baseball and basketball and did karate . In ninth grade , she told me with pride , he aced his classes one term , and made the dean 's list . Every day when his father came home from work , Blaec was there , ready . The pair used to ride dirt bikes together . When the family had to sell the bikes to save some money , it crushed Blaec . He told me he would have done anything to spend a little more time with his father . In fact , when Blaec bought two guns a couple of years later , his plan was to give one to his father for Christmas . It would be something else they could do together , he thought . But things did n't work out that way . Blaec spent that Christmas in prison instead . His parents told police Blaec had purchased two assault rifles at Walmart . They warned authorities he had been hospitalized several times while struggling with mental illness . Tricia Lammers believes that was her son 's only crime . He did n't shoot anyone or hurt anyone in any way . And yet he is serving two concurrent 15-year prison sentences , in lockdown for 23 hours a day . He was convicted of first-degree assault and armed criminal action . He will spend the prime of his life in prison . It 's time to talk about mental health Tricia and her husband , Bill , laid their lives bare in an unforgettable interview that left me stunned . They let me talk to Blaec 's doctors to get a better understanding of Blaec 's mindset and diagnoses . They also gave me permission to visit Blaec in the Jefferson City Correctional Center in Jefferson City , Missouri , the maximum security prison he now calls home , so I could ask all my questions and draw my own conclusions . Blaec 's story is really about the bizarre convergence between our prison system and our mental health system . He was diagnosed with dyslexia as a kid and placed on the autism spectrum as a teenager . Around his junior year in high school , Blaec developed signs of a true personality disorder . He had trouble communicating with others , started to have trouble with his grades and developed a profound and painful loneliness . My breath stuck in my throat when he described a semester where he hid away in a school bathroom every day to eat his lunch alone because he was shy , did n't have any friends and did n't know how to make them . His parents took him to doctor after doctor , and within two years , he had nearly a dozen different psychiatric diagnoses and a handful of psychotropic medications to go along with them . Getting their son admitted and treated was the Lammers ' goal , and given that Bill worked as the director of radiology at a local hospital , they thought it was an attainable one . It proved nearly impossible . The number of psychiatric beds has been on a steady decline over the last few decades , according to Treatment Advocacy Center . Back in 1960 , there were 535,000 public psychiatric beds nationwide . When the Lammerses were trying to get their son help in 2010 , there were 43,318 -- less than 10 % compared with 50 years earlier . Sharing experiences with mental illness can help The couple looked into private camps , but the nearly $ 100,000 price tag was not within their reach . "  The mental health system is not fractured -- it is totally broken , " Bill Lammers told me . As we reported this story and talked to experts in psychiatry , criminal justice and law enforcement , the same questions came up again and again : Should people like Blaec Lammers be prisoners or patients ? And how do you reasonably distinguish between the two ? When Tricia pleaded with the judge in January , he told her 70 % of the people that stood in front of him suffered from mental illness . A review from the Bureau of Justice Statistics shows that startling statistic to be a national trend , particularly among younger inmates . In the United States , 70 % of local jail inmates 24 and under have been diagnosed with mental health problems . When police brought Blaec in for questioning about his gun purchase , the nation was in the aftermath of the 2012 Aurora , Colorado , movie theater shooting . Everyone was on high alert , anxious to prevent another awful tragedy . During interrogation , Blaec admitted to buying a ticket to the movie "  Twilight " and he admitted to having homicidal thoughts a few years earlier at the age of 16 . That alone was enough to put him behind bars with a prosecution team convinced they had just prevented a massacre . It was a sharp contrast to what his family and his doctors described to me . Scientists link 60 genes to autism risk His psychologist John Phillips describes Blaec as a model patient . He told me he never saw Blaec as a threat and said Blaec never got into a fight or tried to break the rules . He told me Blaec 's autism made it difficult for him to connect with others , and he saw a boy desperate for love and attention . His parents each told me they could n't imagine Blaec ever hurting or killing anyone with the guns he purchased . According to a recent study in the journal Annals of Epidemiology , patients with mental illness are more likely to be victims of violence than perpetrators . And when they are violent , it is most often directed at themselves . Blaec 's psychiatrist Dr. H.J. Bains pointed out that unlike a patient with diabetes , Blaec will not get treatment for his illness in prison and will likely leave worse off than when he went in . Near the end of my interview with Tricia Lammers , I realized there was another reason for her pain . She had been the one to alert the authorities about Blaec buying the guns . She found a receipt in his pocket and became worried . She told me Blaec had asked her just days before if she felt he was a failure in life . She says it was n't a mass homicide that concerned her but a lonely suicide . We all worry about our kids , and we strive for their happiness , first and foremost . The Lammers family is no different , and in this case Bill and Tricia believe they failed their son . His father wonders out loud if he should have spent more time with his boy and less time traveling . He wonders if there were signs he should have seen . He second-guesses his decision not to mortgage his home to pay for a special camp so many summers ago . He wonders if he should have kept those dirt bikes . When I reminded him Blaec bought the guns as a present , with the hope he could one day spend more time with his father , Bill was at a loss for words . CNN 's Trisha Henry contributed to this report	Blaec Lammers ' parents turned him in to police after he bought 2 assault rifles His mom , Tricia , says mental illness is her son 's only crime Blaec Lammers is serving two concurrent 15-year prison sentences
CNN  -- If you are a coffee lover you might be tempted to pay for a cup of the most expensive coffee in the world . Indonesia 's velvety tasting brew , Kopi Luwak , gives new meaning to rich coffee . It can cost up to $ 50 per cup . "  The supply is very limited in the world that makes the price is very expensive , " Kopi Luwak brand managing director Henry Fernando said . The reason the supply is limited has to do with how the beans are initially processed . Just a warning here , it is n't pretty . Kopi means coffee in Indonesian and Luwak is a wild Asian palm civet , a fury creature that looks like a cross between a cat and a ferret . The civet climbs the coffee trees to find the best berries , eats them , digests the berries and eventually out comes the coffee beans in its stools . Farmers then pick up the civet droppings and take the beans to a processing plant . Something about the gastric juices in the civet 's stomach gives Kopi Luwak its unique flavor . "  I do like it . Compared to other kinds of coffee , it has a more distinctive coffee taste and aroma , " customer Yotje Hartono said as he sipped his coffee after watching the ritual of making a cup of the expensive brew . At a Kopi Luwak Café in Jakarta the staff brings out a gold-lined cup , a hot thermos of water and vacuum packed sealed package of the Kopi Luwak . The package is opened and poured into the cup and then the hot water is poured in . It is stirred and then covered . You have to wait two minutes before sipping it . When I first saw it being made I recoiled . I thought : "  I 'm paying all this money for instant coffee , no way ! " But after taking the first sip I felt a little better . It is very smooth with hints of chocolate and caramel flavors and it does n't have that acidic aftertaste that coffee sometimes does . For years it has been more popular overseas than in Indonesia but that is fast changing as the economy in the country continues to grow at a rate far faster than those in the west . "  We opened Kopi Luwak Café in 2002 and already have 20 stores , " Fernando said . It has become even more popular around the world after it was featured on "  Oprah " and in the Hollywood movie "  The Bucket List " where Jack Nicholson 's character was obsessed with it  not knowing of course what made it so special until the end  . Kopi Luwak 's growing popularity and the way its made has run into trouble . It has been given some nasty names such as "  crappuccino " and inspired two of Indonesia ¹ s main Muslim organizations to consider putting a fatwa on it because the process appeared to be ritually unclean . But that all changed , Fernando said , after a bit of explanation about the bean when it is excreted . "  It still has the skin , inner layer . And we do the cleansing process , before we do processing and roasting . It 's not a problem . And now , the Kopi Luwak is certified Halal , " he said . And it is being enjoyed for a heck of a lot less in its home country than elsewhere . A cup costs about $ 8 in Indonesia as opposed to up to $ 50 in other countries . "  I feel it 's the type of thing you have to do once at least , " an American customer who happened to visiting Indonesia said .	Kopi Luwak is the world 's most expensive coffee Brewed from beans that have been semi-digested by palm civets Can cost up to $ 50 per cup outside of Indonesia Becoming more popular in Indonesia among affluent members of society
