Washington  CNN  -- The systems that control U.S. military drones have been infected with a computer virus , a U.S. defense official confirmed to CNN on Monday . Despite the infection of the classified program , the virus has not "  stopped flights worldwide , " the official said . The official declined to comment on how the systems were infected nor whether the virus has resisted attempts to remove it . The infection was first reported by Noah Shachtman for Wired magazine last week . "  Military officials are more concerned than panicked by this virus . They 're just really not sure what 's going on . They 're not sure if it 's a deliberate attack . They 're not sure if it 's something accidental , " he said . While drones are flown on missions in war zones such as Iraq and Afghanistan , the actual "  cockpit " of the unmanned aircraft is on U.S. soil -- the operators work at Nevada 's Creech Air Force Base . According to Wired , the virus , which records pilot key strokes , was first detected about two weeks ago . Tech specialists are unsure whether it was installed intentionally , Wired reported . Shachtman said the military has had a hard time wiping out the virus . "  They 're tried over and over again to get rid of this thing using some fairly conventional methods , and they have n't worked . And so it seems the only thing to get rid of this virus is to basically wipe the hard drives of these computers entirely and sort of rebuild the computers from scratch , " he said . But that can be an exhausting process . In 2008 , removable hard drives introduced a virus into thousands of Defense Department computers , and to this day the Pentagon is still purging some machines . In the case of the computers that help coordinate the drones , care also has to be taken to back up all the information so it is n't lost during rebuilding . U.S. drone strikes have been responsible for the deaths of dozens of suspected militants . In recent years , the United States has sharply increased its used of unmanned planes to target insurgents in Pakistan 's tribal region , a volatile area bordering war-torn Afghanistan . The covert CIA drone program has been deeply unpopular with many Pakistanis , who say the attacks kill civilians and violate their country 's sovereignty . In August , a drone attack killed al Qaeda No. 2 Atiya Abdul Rahman in Pakistan . The most recent high-profile drone strike resulted in the death of U.S.-born militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen last month . Unmanned aerial vehicles have become indispensable for military planners who depend on constant combat air patrols . But current and former Pentagon officials admit the technology cuts both ways . At the confirmation hearing for Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , former Deputy Defense Secretary William Lynn said bluntly , "  In the 21st century , bits and bytes can be as threatening as bullets and bombs . " He said even the National Defense University has been breached , and in a single intrusion this year 24,000 files were taken from a defense company . "  Some of the stolen data is mundane , like the specifications for small parts of tanks , airplanes and submarines . But a great deal of it concerns our most sensitive systems , including avionics , surveillance technologies , satellite communications systems and network security protocols , " he said . Perhaps most alarming , Lynn admitted that up till now , the U.S. military had been unable to secure its systems . "  Current countermeasures have not stopped this outflow of sensitive information , " Lynn said . "  We need to do more to guard our digital storehouses of design innovation . " Officials have not yet determined whether the virus introduced into the drone program is benign , or doing actual harm . An investigation is ongoing . Despite the fact the controls are not linked into any outside network , and therefore seemingly impervious to intrusion , the drone systems do have security issues . Shachtman said they still use external hard drives , and when they 're attached to top-secret computers they can open them up to infection . He said the true danger of the virus comes not from an ability to "  bring down a drone , " which is unlikely , but from an erosion of trust . If officials come to think that the information they 're receiving from the unmanned vehicles has been compromised , they 're much less likely to view it as safe and valuable , he surmised .	The virus has not "  stopped flights worldwide , " defense official says The infection was first reported by Wired magazine Drones have targeted suspected militants in such countries as Pakistan and Yemen
CNN  -- Police in Houston , Texas , say they have busted a prostitution ring that may involve more than 1,500 clients , including professional athletes , doctors and lawyers . Investigators were scouring computers files and credit card records on Monday , trying to verify a large client list that could ignite scandals throughout the city , CNN affiliate station KHOU reported . Police arrested alleged ringleaders Deborah Turbiville and her husband , Charlie , as part of a two-year investigation , the affiliate reported . Turbiville called herself the "  Heidi Fleiss of Houston , " referring to a woman who was dubbed the "  Hollywood Madam " for providing call girls to famous and wealthy clients , police said . Turbiville , who reportedly recruited prostitutes through the online site Craigslist , was in court Monday on a charge of promotion of prostitution . Investigators said the women met their clients in upscale hotels and charged about $ 350 an hour , the affiliate reported . Clients also met prostitutes in a luxurious three-bedroom apartment , police told the affiliate .	Alleged ringleader dubbed "  Heidi Fleiss of Houston " Investigators say women met clients in upscale hotels , charged about $ 350 an hour Police scour computer files and credit card records to verify a large client list
CNN  -- The brutal civil war in Syria claimed more than 6,000 lives in March alone -- making it the deadliest month since the conflict began a little more than two years ago , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported Monday . The group said 6,005 people were killed in Syria last month . That 's more than all the deaths that occurred in the first nine months of the war . "  This will become the new normal , and the death toll figures will continue to rise , " said Rami Abdel Rahman , the head of the observatory . "  If the fighting continues as it is and there is no political solution for transition . Syria will be the new Somalia or Afghanistan , and we will never attain democracy in the coming years , " he says . Syria 's numbers : How they compare with past wars The tally , which CNN can not independently verify , does not include people who are held in detention centers or who have been kidnapped by rebels . Their fate is unknown . Rahman says the surge in deaths comes from a new intensity in fighting . "  There were many more violent clashes and many military operations conducted by both sides in this time period , " he said . "  In addition there was heavy shelling in multiple areas by both sides and a suicide bombing in the capital which killed dozens . " In all , some 62,554 people , the opposition group says , have died in the conflict so far . The United Nations has put the figure higher . In February , it said more than 70,000 people are believed to have been killed . March 's documented death toll , the observatory says , includes 298 children , 291 women ,1,486 rebel fighters and 1,464 government soldiers . The actual death toll is probably higher , Rahman said . "  There 's many missing , and many killed in prisons that we can not account for , " Rahman said . "  Both sides are hiding the true death toll figures so they may boost morale . " The rising bloodshed is also spreading hunger by interfering with food aid deliveries , the U.N. World Food Programme said Tuesday . "  It has become a struggle now to move food from one area to the other with our warehouses and trucks getting increasingly caught in the crossfire , " said program spokesman Muhannad Hadi . Dispatchers often must call off deliveries to areas they know are in dire need . The war in Syria has been raging since March 2011 when protesters , partly inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in the region , began demonstrating for more freedom . That movement quickly morphed into a movement against President Bashar al-Assad , who was appointed president by Syria 's parliament in 2000 after his father died . The government responded with a brutal crackdown -- with devastating results . Thousand died , 2 million were uprooted from their homes and more than 4 million are in dire need of humanitarian aid , from food to medical care , according to the United Nations . Opinion : Syrian war is everybody 's problem READ MORE : Official : ` Something went down ' in Syria , but it was short of chemical weapons	"  Both sides are hiding the true death toll , " activist says More than 6,000 people have been killed in March , groups says In all , more than 70,000 people have died in the conflict , the UN says The war in Syria began in March 2011
Beslan , RUSSIA  CNN  -- First there was the blast , and then as sight as surreal as it was ghastly . Dozens of children , naked bar their underwear , running barefoot into the village , peppered with blood , screaming . After three days agonizing , the siege to end the standoff at Middle School Number One , in Beslan , southern Russia , began with a huge explosion in the gym where dozens of militants had herded 1,200 children and parents . The explosives inside had been rigged up between two basketball hoops and the hostages lined the walls of the gym . One witness said the blast caused it to "  rain meat " inside the gym . Those who could , ran . They fled between houses , stripped of their clothes because of the scorching heat they had endured in the glass-windowed gym , where many were forced to drink urine to hydrate , towards a village that had been holding its breath for over 50 hours . The hostage crisis in Beslan , and the bungled , reckless operation that the Russian military allowed to happen , was a defining moment in Putin 's war in southern Russia . Moscow 's use of blunt instruments to fix its increasingly Islamist rebellion in the restless North Caucasus , had blatantly not worked , despite two wars to end Chechen separatism , and had instead created a new radicalized , implacable monster , capable of blowing children to pieces , perhaps under the justification they were , in Beslan 's region of North Ossetia , Christians . Unrecognizable horror There was remarkable bravery shown by Russian special forces during the rescue operation , just none from their political masters . The siege began , but no cordon was put in place , so the media and villagers could simply walk into the school 's yard , and even the school itself , unimpeded . I watched the Vimpel detachment of Russian spetznaz race past me , headlong into the school , unsupported and outgunned . They must have known they were running to their deaths , but sprinted all the same . I watched one of them brace himself against a door frame , before turning a corner to fire . Body after body was brought out , most shipped away by locals in cars rushed in for the purpose -- there was no triage system , just brave emergency services workers , who also died rescuing children . One militant was dragged from the building , his trousers pulled from his waist . Once the locals checked he was circumcised  and therefore , by their logic , Muslim , and hence a gunman  , they beat him to a pulp and left his body in the back of a truck . I ran into the gym while the siege was still ongoing , and its floor was a black mush of unrecognizable horror . The fighting went on , into the night , as one militant held out . Putin , who had , when he came to power , pledged to shoot Chechen militants in the toilet , and who had the steel will to order a partially lethal knockout gas and swift military operation to end the siege of a Moscow theater two years earlier , was absent from Beslan . He slipped in the night of the violence , visiting the wounded . Nobody wanted to be associated with Beslan 's mess . They still do n't . Troubled North Caucasus region plagued by violence Monument to the dead It is nearly a decade ago , but still the scenes retain a revolting clarity in my mind . Amid the shrill noise of militant threats ahead of the Sochi Olympic Winter Games , the gym in Beslan is now steeped in silence , a monument to the dead , untouched almost . The body parts that still lay there the day after the bloodshed are gone . The victims ' clothes that someone had hung from changing room pegs when I returned three months later -- they too are gone . There are some structural supports to keep the building up , but otherwise it is as if Beslan the village has shielded the school from the passage of time , perhaps because Beslan itself is still caught in the painful task of seeking answers . It is not only the amorphous puzzle to find a "  why " -- the only surviving gunman 's father told me passively that Lenin said , during the Russian civil war , there is "  white and there is red , and there always will be " , but offered little other motivation . It is also their still unresolved bid to find out how negotiations failed and how such a bungled , bloody operation could ever have come to be . Borik Rubayev was orphaned by the blast . Three weeks later , he pointed at the school and matter-of-factly told me his mother and father had died in the school . Three months later , he was at the center of a custody battle between his relatives , some suggesting the large compensation payout he was getting from the state , was fueling the competition . Today , he is 16 and towers in the gym , where he was once physically sheltered by his mother as the bomb went off . He says his memory is patchy , and that the dreams that used to haunt him have ebbed . "  I do n't really remember much " , he said . "  Mother and aunt covered me up . Everybody started to run , but the terrorists tried to stop us . We thought it was the end . " He remembers how someone sitting next to him made a run for it , and he followed , and hid somewhere . Then , in the carnage they had begun , an uncharacteristic sign of humanity came from one of the gunmen , he recalls . "  One of the terrorists , I think it was , gave me food and water , then the emergency services came and took me to hospital in a car . " Today , he enjoys basketball , and hopes to avoid conscription in the army . He lives with his aunt , after public pressure resolved the custody dispute . The school he studies in , with another 124 former hostages , is lined with memorials of the spetznaz and medics who gave their lives saving others . Teachers say they these pupils have few problems -- bar instances of "  dovleniye " , a Russian word directly translated as "  pressure , " but used inaccurately to suggest depression or anxiety . In fact , the building marries a cheerfulness sustained relentlessly by the teachers , with the constant remembering of the dead , as if aimed at making the survivors sit happily with their past . Little peace The mothers of Beslan , however , know little peace . Anger at the government bloomed after the siege . They felt abandoned in the immediate aftermath , before Moscow poured millions into the town , and its now garish graveyard , as if to compensate for their absence when it was most needed . Those feelings of anger turned into suspicion : Endless investigations have not satisfied some who believe perhaps the government knew of the gunmen 's plan and did n't act , or even ordered the first shots fired to prevent them having to negotiate with the militants . Margarita Tuaeva , whose children survived , retains those suspicions even a decade on . "  They started it because they could not get out of this situation in any other way . They did n't want to negotiate . Without Putin 's order , that could n't have happened . " For others , the lack of answers simply amplifies inexhaustible grief . Tamara Shotaeva lost her two daughters and lights two candles for them in the driving snow . She cries as she talks of how she has no idea what her daughter would have looked like if she lived til today . She says : Time does n't heal at all . "	In 2004 , Chechen rebels took 1,200 people hostage at a school in Beslan , Russia Hundreds of people were killed during the subsequent three-day siege and military operation CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh covered the hostage crisis for The Guardian newspaper Ten years on , he returns and finds victims of the siege still have unanswered questions
CNN  -- A new CNN poll confirms that we 're witnessing a quiet reversal in the character of our two major parties . Traditionally , Republicans have always coalesced around the conventional wisdom front-runner for president . Conservatives respect structure , order and party brand names . Not for nothing was the name Nixon , Bush or Dole on the GOP presidential ticket from 1952 to 2004 . In contrast , Democrats have favored the presidential candidate with the hot hand , rising from obscurity to the White House -- think Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . But a fresh-out-of-the-oven CNN presidential poll shows a fractured GOP field of newcomers with no clear front-runner while the Democrats have given an unprecedented lead to a brand name of their own : Hillary Clinton . Opinion : GOP strategy on shutdown courts doom Yes , it is pathetically early to be projecting on the 2016 presidential campaign . Predictive capacity hovers somewhere near zero , and time fixated on polls would be productively used thinking about the 2014 midterms or the fights over the debt ceiling looming over our divided , dysfunctional Congress . But as a snapshot of the underlying dynamics driving the two parties , this new poll is worth a look . On the GOP side of the aisle , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie narrowly leads the fractured field at 17 % , one point above Rep. Paul Ryan , best known as Mitt Romney 's vice presidential running mate . In the old days , the previous vice presidential nominee would be the future favorite . But that does n't seem to be the case for Ryan , who emerged from the 2012 presidential race arguably damaged by his association with the Romney campaign . Traditionally , the governor of blue state New Jersey would n't be on the GOP radar at all , but Christie -- cruising to a landslide re-election -- seems to be the exception to this and other rules . Next on the list is Rand Paul , the scion of an outsider libertarian movement sparked by his dad 's multiple runs for president . But the compelling and controversial one-time eye doctor is a first-term senator from Kentucky , far from your typical presidential timber . Perhaps most interesting is the second tier of GOP candidates . Jeb Bush seems settled in at 10 % , despite brand name and legendary brand loyalty . Two Hispanic senate Republicans , Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz , come in next at 9 % and 7 % respectively . And then , at the bottom of the barrel , come two 2012 aspirants : Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . Far from being strengthened by their 2012 campaigns , these two candidates seem weakened by the experience . Rick Perry 's "  oops " heard round the world still resonates while Santorum 's strident social conservatism does n't seem to be taken seriously by 95 % of the party faithful . Strange days . Obama pressures conservative Republicans over possible shutdown The real news is on the Democratic side . Hillary Clinton has accumulated a towering 55 percentage point lead over her next closest competitor , Vice President Joe Biden , who is at 10 % and does n't exactly lack name recognition . Below Biden are first-term Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren at 7 % , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6 % and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley -- perhaps the most openly ambitious of the bunch -- at 2 % . Clinton 's dominance illustrates an interesting dynamic . Six years ago , she was a far more polarizing figure among Democrats  and independents  . Today , after her service as secretary of state , she seems more qualified and less polarizing , transcending her association with the culture of wars concurrent with Bubba 's two terms in office . Tough and experienced , Clinton is now positioned as a candidate who rivals Obama 's 2007 surge . She will also be positioned as the candidate of the 51 % , compelling to women of all ages and even possibly competitive among Republican women in this incarnation . Uncle Joe Biden is well liked by the rank and file , but there does n't seem to be much of a stampede to put him on the top of the ticket . Warren 's strength comes from fascination with the new and represents the growing strength of the liberal base in the party . And while successful governors like Cuomo and O'Malley have earned the right to be taken seriously as presidential candidates , the party faithful do n't seem to be much interested in buying what they are selling at the moment . If Clinton does not run for some reason , Democrats will quickly wake up to the awkward fact that they have almost no depth of the bench after two Obama terms . So there you have it : Democrats are behaving like Republicans , falling in line behind the big brand name dominating a race that is still three years away . And Republicans are behaving like Democrats , putting forward a fractured field with no clear front-runners but elevating a New Jersey governor , a Wisconsin congressman and a Kentucky senator to the front of the pack . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : A new CNN poll shows a reversal in the character of two major parties Avlon : Traditionally , GOP coalesce around a front-runner ; Democrats root for newcomers Now , GOP has an eclectic pool of presidential candidates ; Democrats have Hillary Clinton Avlon : If Clinton does not run , Democrats will have almost no strong candidate
CNN  No prostitutes . No ifs , ands or buts -- and yes , that includes when and where prostitution is perfectly legal . That was the message Friday from Attorney General Eric Holder to members of the U.S. Justice Department , which includes the FBI , U.S. Marshals Service , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and other agencies . "  The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department , " Holder wrote in a memo to all personnel in the department he heads . " ... Regardless of whether prostitution is legal or tolerated in a particular jurisdiction , soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking and a consequent increase in the number of minor and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery . " Holder does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo . Nor is he dictating a new policy ; the attorney general said only that he wanted "  to reiterate to all department personnel , including attorneys and law enforcement officers , that they are prohibited from soliciting , procuring or accepting commercial sex . " Agents behaving badly overseas The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels , among other indiscretions . That report , by department Inspector General Michael Horowitz , cited light punishments and poor handling of sexual misconduct cases at DEA and other Justice Department agencies . Justice Department employees do n't have a monopoly on such stories : In 2012 , a group of agents and officers in the Secret Service -- which is part of the Department of Homeland Security -- and officers sent to Colombia ahead of President Barack Obama were relieved of duty and returned home amid allegations of misconduct that involved prostitution . That prostitute visit was arranged for by a DEA agent stationed in Colombia , according to Horowitz 's office . If someone from the ATF , FBI , Federal Bureau of Prisons or a federal prosecutor is caught with a prostitute they 'll be suspended or fired , according to Holder 's memo . "  This rule applies at all times during an individual 's employment , including while off duty or on personal leave . "	Attorney General Holder reiterates Justice Department policy on prostitutes Soliciting prostitutes is banned , even in places where it 's legal , Holder says His memo comes weeks after a report involving DEA agents and prostitutes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama and top aides have quietly stepped up talks with moderate Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine on a scaled-back health care bill , according to two sources familiar with the negotiations . Sen. Olympia Snowe is part of the bipartisan so-called "  Gang of Six " negotiating on health care . The compromise plan would lack a government-run public health insurance option favored by Obama , but would leave the door open to adding that provision down the road under an idea proposed by Snowe , the sources said . One of the sources said White House officials are "  deep in conversations " with Snowe on a much smaller health care bill than Obama originally envisioned . The modified proposal would include insurance reforms , such as preventing insurance companies from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , according to the source . The potential deal would give insurance companies a defined period to make such changes in order to help cover more people and drive down long-term costs . But if those changes failed to occur within the defined period , a so-called "  trigger " would provide for creating a public option to force change on the insurance companies , the source said . Snowe is pivotal to the debate because she may be Obama 's last possibility for getting a Republican senator to support his push for a health care overhaul . She is one of the so-called "  Gang of Six " members of the Senate Finance Committee , three Democrats and three Republicans , involved in separate negotiations on the only bipartisan health care proposal in Congress so far . However , the slow pace of those talks and recent partisan attacks by the other two Republicans in the negotiations have dimmed hopes for a breakthrough , leaving Snowe as the only Republican senator that White House aides believe they can work with on the issue . Snowe first proposed the so-called "  trigger " idea for a public option months ago , and has talked to Obama about it on several occasions , according to a source familiar with the discussions . The source told CNN that the White House staffers increased their phone calls to Snowe aides and their interest in her trigger idea this week . Obama and Democratic leaders seek a solution that could win support from a Republican or two , and more importantly , help bridge a divide among Democrats on the public option issue . Allies of the president hope that if Snowe accepts a health care agreement , she might also bring along her Republican colleague from Maine , moderate Sen. Susan Collins . Getting some Republicans to sign onto a proposal would improve Obama 's chances of gaining the support of key moderate Democratic senators such as Ben Nelson of Nebraska , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas . All three are skeptical of a government-run public option supported by their more liberal fellow Democrats . Despite the flurry of direct talks this week between Snowe and White House staff , Snowe aides insist she remains engaged in the "  Gang of Six " bipartisan talks that have been going on for months . Those talks have focused on creating nonprofit health insurance cooperatives instead of a public option to force competition and lower medical rates . The source familiar with Snowe 's discussions with the White House said Snowe 's trigger idea is n't being considered in the bipartisan negotiations because of early resistance from fellow Republican negotiators , especially Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming . Enzi and the other Republican negotiator , Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , insist they are still committed to the bipartisan negotiations . However , their recent sharp criticism of Democratic health care proposals favored by Obama has caused tense relations with the White House .	Maine Sen. Olympia Snowe 's plan does n't include public care option But public option is triggered if private companies do n't offer reforms Snowe is considered last possibility for Democrats to get some GOP backing
CNN  -- Two more churches in Malaysia were firebombed Sunday , bringing the total to six since a court ruled that non-Muslims can use the word "  Allah " as a term for God . No one has been hurt in the attacks , which began Friday . They follow a high court 's ruling that Christians can use the word "  Allah " in literature printed in the country 's official language , Malay . In Malay , the word for God is "  Allah , " as it is in Arabic . But many in the predominantly Muslim country , including the government , believe the word should be exclusive to Islam . The government has banned the use of the word in Christian literature , saying it is likely to confuse Muslims and draw them to Christianity . It has also appealed the high court 's ruling . The bombings may be an attempt to intimidate judges to overturn the decision , said the Rev. Hermen Shastri , general secretary of the Council of Churches in Malaysia . Political leaders from a range of parties deplored the attacks on the churches . Prime Minister Najib Razak visited one of the targeted churches on Saturday and called for calm . Emphasizing his resolve to maintain ethnic and racial harmony in society , Najib also said the Muslim faith prohibits insulting other religions or destroying their sanctuaries . In recent months , authorities in Malaysia have seized more than 20,000 Bibles because they refer to God as Allah . The seizures have fed fears among minority groups , which see signs of encroaching Islamic fundamentalism in the predominantly Muslim but multiracial country . A Roman Catholic weekly newspaper , The Herald , challenged the ban in court after the government threatened to revoke the newspaper 's license for using the word in its Malay edition . Hearings on the case went on for two years before the high court 's ruling last week . Malaysia has some of the tightest government restrictions on religion in the world , according to a study published last month by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . The country was among the 10 most restrictive countries out of 175 in the survey . But it had relatively low levels of social tension between religious groups , the report found . The Pew study covered events from mid-2006 to mid-2008 . CNN 's Kathryn Tancos contributed to this report .	Sunday bombings bring total to six since Friday Violence erupted after court ruled that non-Muslims can use word "  Allah " for God Government and many Malaysians believe word should be reserved for Muslims
CNN  According to an outside review by Columbia Journalism School professors , "  a  n institutional failure at Rolling Stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia . " The Columbia team concluded that "  The failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . " Hardly a ringing endorsement of the editorial process at the publication . The magazine 's managing editor , Will Dana , wrote , "  We would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and UVA administrators and students . " Brian Stelter : Fraternity to ` pursue all available legal action ' The next question is : Can UVA , Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation ? The Virginia Supreme Court said in Jordan v. Kollman that "  the elements of libel are  1  publication of  2  an actionable statement with  3  the requisite intent . " "  Actionable " means the statement must be both false and defamatory . Of course , the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under not only the First Amendment to the United States Constitution , but also the Virginia Constitution . True statements can not be defamatory . Neither can pure statements of opinion , because they theoretically can not be either true or false . But the Rolling Stone article certainly purported to be fact , and it apparently is not exactly what the law considers "  true . " The individual members of the fraternity will likely be considered private individuals , and not public figures ; the latter have a harder time proving defamation . A private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant has published a false factual statement that is about the person and that it also harms the person 's reputation . The private plaintiff also must show that the defendant knew that the statement was false , or believed it was true but lacked a reasonable basis , or acted negligently in checking the facts . At first blush , that sounds like it fits perfectly , right ? The Columbia report may go a long way toward establishing at least a modicum of the required intent . But that 's only half the battle . There are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action like this . The identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters . First , let 's eliminate UVA . The university is a public university , and therefore it is a governmental entity . The Supreme Court has been clear on the issue of libelous statements about the government : The government can not sue for defamation . There is no such cause of action in American jurisprudence . Now the fraternities , starting with Phi Kappa Psi . A fraternity is not an individual , but a group . A plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were "  of or concerning " the plaintiff . It sounds obvious , but if you 're going to say a statement hurt you , you have to prove the statement actually was about you to begin with . When the statements are about a group without naming an individual , it 's hard to say the statement is "  concerning " the individual -- and groups generally can not sue . For example , you can be sued if you call a specific lawyer a thief , but that same person can not sue you if you simply call all lawyers thieves . Defamatory statements about a group are therefore not actionable by the group 's individual members , for the most part . Like all rules , however , there are exceptions . If the defamatory language is about "  a comparatively small group of persons and the defamatory part is easily imputed against all members of the small group , an individual member may sue . " If I said , "  The 1980 Philadelphia Phillies infielders were a bunch of criminals "  they were n't  , the individual players could sue , because that mean statement is clearly about certain persons -- if I said that -- which I did n't . Phi Kappa Psi would likely argue that the "  small group " exception fits it perfectly : Even if the individual members were not identified by name , the defamatory story has been imputed directly to individual members , who have suffered by their association with the group . On the other hand , Rolling Stone 's lawyers would likely argue that the group is so large and fluid  after all , the membership changes somewhat every year  , that even though the fraternity 's reputation is tarnished , the members have suffered no individualized injury . As for the other fraternities on campus but not implicated in the story , that 's likely a group that moves from the small category to large , and the members of Greek life generally will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit . Lawyers will tell you that a libel suit is one of those things that citizens often threaten each other with on Facebook , but that such cases are rarely actually filed . That 's because a plaintiff usually has to show some kind of financial harm . So if your Aunt Edna calls you a loser on Twitter , you 're going to have to spend money on an expert to explain to a jury how that actually damaged you financially . And since most of the people who waste time threatening each other with defamation suits on Facebook live in their moms ' basements and are "  between jobs , " these are not the kind of people who have money or reputation to damage in the first place . The UVA situation is not your run-of-the-mill defamation case . The university wo n't be able to sue , but if the members of the fraternity can get past some of the preliminary hurdles of a defamation claim , and they can make a tangible case for damages , then this could be one of those rare successful defamation cases .	An outside review found that a Rolling Stone article about campus rape was "  deeply flawed " Danny Cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case , should one be filed
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK , California  CNN  -- Her hands are like the grand and timeless Yosemite Valley where she has lived the better part of 60 years . They are strong and steady , with the feel of permanence like the smooth granite faces of El Capitan and Half Dome . Yosemite ranger Julia Parker is a basket weaver and cultural demonstrator . Her agile fingers still weave willow branches into masterful baskets . They are traditional baskets that are displayed around the world and have garnered her attention from adoring fans . She considers the Earth her lifeblood . She is a living metaphor for a hard-earned life spent caring for the land . Julia Parker , 80 , is Native American . Born in Northern California , she is a mix of Coastal Miwok and Kashia Pomo tribes . "  I do have an Indian name that was given to me . I 'm called Hoo Wee Na , that means ` person of peace . ' " She is a park ranger with Yosemite National Park . She works as Native American cultural demonstrator at the Yosemite Museum . There are many 20-and 30-year employees at Yosemite , but Julia is the oldest and longest-tenured park employee with over 40 years . "  Julia interprets Native American culture to our visitors , "  Yosemite National Park spokesman Scott Gediman says . "  She shows visitors how baskets were woven , toys or brushes were made and acorns collected from native black oak trees , ground up using a metate and made into mush . " "  Julia is truly a national treasure , " he adds . "  She 's been honored by universities , she has baskets all over the country , she 's consulted with museums . " Watch Parker at work " In 1983 , Parker presented Queen Elizabeth II a basket she 'd worked on for a year . Her work is displayed in museums like the Smithsonian . Her parents died when she was 12 , leaving five children orphans . Since she was the oldest , Parker tried to keep all of the kids together . They went to an Indian boarding school in Carson City , Nevada . When she turned 17 , Parker took a job laundering clothes for the Yosemite Park and Curry Company . She lived in the Indian Village and married Ralph Parker , a Mono Lake Piute . His tribe 's Yosemite roots date back nine generations . His mother , Lucy Telles , was a renowned basket maker and , along with the other Yosemite women , passed down their basketry skills to Parker . Parker 's daughter Lucy is learning basketry from her mother . "  She 's a living legend , " Lucy Parker says . "  She 's known throughout the world . People will come to Yosemite to visit her here . " Lucy Parker is accomplished in her own basketry and is determined to keep the Yosemite traditions alive . "  My mom Julia has guided me through the heart of basket making . She 's taught me to give thanks , give blessings . " Now four generations of Parker women are making baskets . There 's Lucy 's daughter , Ursula , and Ursula 's daughter , Naomi . Its legacy and artistry seem secure . Julia Parker is sitting in the shade of the willows . She has stripped the stalks of their small leaves and begins fastening a base to a quick basket . Her seasoned hands and sharp eyes thread willow stalks as another basket takes form . She hums a tribal song . Its words are sacred and not for outsiders ' ears . The sheer walls of Yosemite Valley frame a living legend . "  I learned from my elders . They told me , ` Julia , you take from the Earth with a please and give back with a thank you . "	Yosemite ranger works as Native American cultural demonstrator The 80-year-old weaves baskets that are in museums worldwide Basket maker is "  truly a national treasure , " park spokesman says Julia Parker has passed basket-making traditions to three generations
CNN  -- When she was about 8 , Frida Sepulveda developed dark folds of skin around her neck . It 's a well-known warning sign of type 2 diabetes . Blanca Sepulveda , right , was "  devastated " when her daughter Frida began showing signs of type 2 diabetes . Frida 's mother , Blanca Sepulveda , who has watched other family members struggle with diabetes and obesity , was "  devastated " to see her daughter experience similar health problems . Now at age 11 , Frida is about 5 feet , 6 inches tall and weighs around 180 pounds , her mother said . Despite a high body weight for her age and height , Frida does not seem to have additional symptoms of diabetes -- or any other major health concerns -- but her parents are trying to reverse the weight problem Frida has had since infancy . The San Diego , California , family is among a disproportionately high number of Latino-American families with overweight and obese children . According to the 2007 National Survey of Children 's Health , 16.6 percent of Latino high school students were obese and 18.1 percent were overweight . The corresponding national averages for high school students were 13.3 percent obese and 15.8 percent overweight . It 's an epidemic that shocked and saddened Lorena Garcia , a chef who appears on Univision and Telemundo . "  I travel all over the country to the major Hispanic festivals and I realized that 90 to 95 percent of the kids that I saw at the festivals were overweight , " said Garcia , who established the Big Chef Little Chef program to teach Latino youth healthy cooking and eating habits . Watch Garcia interact with her fans " The problem is caused by a wide range of cultural , social , economic , environmental and possibly genetic factors . Experts agree it is an uphill battle to solve . "  You ca n't just try to change someone 's behavior necessarily without trying to change their environment , " said Dr. Michael Goran , director of the University of Southern California 's Childhood Obesity Research Center . How can childhood obesity be reduced ? Blanca Sepulveda , 38 , believes her own upbringing in Mexico before coming to the United States in junior high school ultimately contributed to her daughter 's weight problem . "  The way I was raised ... you do n't -LSB- leave -RSB- the dinner table until you 're done with all your food . That 's instilled in you , " Sepulveda said . Back in Mexico , she said , the food was healthier and fresher , and she did n't drink soda . But she still applied that mentality to her own children , who were born and raised in the United States , where sugar-laden and fattening foods are widely available . The Sepulveda family 's story is similar to that of other immigrants who are healthier than their American-born children : Those born outside the United States are less likely to be obese than native-born children , said Luisa Franzini , Ph.D. , of the University of Texas School of Public Health . Despite the trends , more study is necessary to determine whether American acculturation is entirely to blame for poor diets among Latinos , an expert says . Rafael Pérez-Escamilla , a nutrition and public health professor with the University of Connecticut , wrote in the June 2009 issue of Journal of the American Diabetic Association that adaptation to U.S. society may explain , to some degree , "  deterioration of dietary quality " and the risks of diabetes and other chronic diseases . However , he wrote , it 's still not completely clear . Healthy food harder to come by Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles . Angelica Delgado is trying to overcome the obstacle with the Healthy Latino Families initiative , a culturally tailored nutrition and exercise program in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . As the Community Research Supervisor for the United Community Center , Delgado is trying to get healthy school lunches in the Bruce-Guadalupe Community School , with which she 's working on Healthy Latino Families . About 80 percent of Bruce Guadalupe 's student body , which is 97 percent Latino , come from low-income households and therefore are eligible for reduced-price or free lunch . Without money coming in to support the lunch program , it 's difficult to fund better quality food and equipment to ensure that it 's freshly cooked , Delgado said . For now , she hopes the fun , bilingual setting of Healthy Latino Families will teach children to make smart food choices . The lack of availability of inexpensive , fresh , healthy food is a common for low-income populations in general , Franzini said . Research suggests that more affluent neighborhoods have a higher availability of healthy food , she said , adding that the cost of healthy food is lower in more advantaged communities . The community factor Exercise also poses tricky problems for Latino children struggling with weight , as many live in disadvantaged areas may make it tough for them to play outside or walk to school . From a physical point of view -- in terms of sidewalks and litter -- those areas tend to be in worse shape than an average neighborhood , Franzini said . But her research also suggests that the social component of a neighborhood affects children 's physical activity levels . "  It 's not sufficient to just clean up the neighborhood -- pick up the trash and build sidewalks , " said Franzini , whose study on the impact of neighborhoods ' social characteristics was published earlier this year in the American Journal of Public Health . "  It also needs to be a neighborhood where people feel safe and they feel that they can go out and walk and run and exercise and do whatever they want to do . " To that end , Franzini 's research indicates that those Latinos living in tight-knit communities often get more exercise than those in more mixed neighborhoods . "  Having a neighborhood which is more connected , where people feel safe -- I think it 's all a matter of feeling empowered in a way . And so those who feel that they have this stronger neighborhood from a social point of view , they are also more likely to be physically active , " Franzini said . Finding solutions Researchers and community advocates are attempting to combat the Latino youth obesity problem . But the multitude of factors makes the issue a moving target and results of interventions are mixed . For example , about a year after a previous phase of Healthy Latino Families in Milwaukee wrapped up , children reportedly ate better and watched less television per day . Delgado said they are awaiting results from the current program , but she has seen some success already . USC 's Goran worked with Latino teenagers over 16 weeks to improve their diets , promoting fiber-rich tortillas and altering recipes of aqua fresca so it would have less sugar . But at the end of the four months , he saw "  no significant improvement in the outcomes . " "  We have to do those studies over longer time periods than we have previously done to kind of give these things a chance to work and kick in , " Goran said . "  We 're ... taking it one step at a time . " And Frida 's mom , Blanca Sepulveda , said she is focusing on modifying her own behavior to help her entire family . "  It 's a retraining of the mind , " Sepulveda said . "  It gets hard because you have to be an example . "	A disproportionately high number of Latino-American families struggle with obesity Programs designed specifically for Latino children have had mixed results Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles Exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another factor
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Marco Rubio , who is considering a presidential run , said Sunday that President Barack Obama has thrown away valuable leverage to bring about political changes in Cuba . He also took another opportunity to attack his potential opponent for the Republican presidential nomination , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who agrees with Obama 's decision to switch course on Cuba . The most vocal Republican leading the fight against Obama 's rapprochement with Cuba insisted again that Obama 's new policy wo n't bring democracy to the island . "  My opposition to what the President has done is it wo n't do anything to further that cause  of democratization  , " Rubio said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  There has to be some reciprocal opening on their part toward democracy and there was none in this engagement . " Rubio , who is Cuban-American , also said Cuban democracy activists "  feel betrayed " by Obama . "  He completely ignored them and threw them to the side in this whole process , " Rubio said , adding that he would have "  actively and vibrantly engaged " those activists if he were President . And the slugfest between Rubio and Paul continued Sunday . Just days after Rubio said Paul "  does n't know what he 's talking about , " the Kentucky senator swung back Friday on Fox News calling Rubio 's remarks "  rude and intemperate " and suggesting Rubio was promoting "  a policy of isolationism " toward Cuba that has n't brought about regime change . Rubio did n't bow out on Sunday , once again aiming his arrows at Paul in a preview of what could come in an eventual Republican presidential primary bout . "  Rand Paul , if he wants to align himself and become a supporter of the Obama foreign policy , particularly toward Cuba , that 's his right , he has a right to do that , " Rubio said on Sunday . Rubio also accused Paul of becoming the "  chief cheerleader of Obama 's foreign policy , " on ABC 's "  This Week . " That prompted Paul and his senior adviser , Doug Stafford , to fire back . "  With all due respect , Sen. Marco Rubio was captain of the GOP cheerleading team for Obama 's arming of Syrian rebels , bombing Libya resulting in a jihadist wonderland and illegally giving foreign aid to Egypt 's military government . The Rubio-Obama foreign policy has made the Middle East and North Africa less safe , " Stafford said in a statement provided to CNN . Rubio has won the support of most of his Republican colleagues in the Senate , with some joining him in attacking the policy shift and others , like incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , deferring to Rubio 's expertise on the subject . Defenders of Obama 's decision to ease sanctions on Cuba and normalize diplomatic relations with the island nation , including Paul , have called the embargo and sanctions on Cuba a 50-year policy that has failed to provoke any political change and have pointed to U.S. decision decades ago to engage and trade with China and Vietnam . Rubio on Sunday looked to spin those examples to his advantage , saying the U.S. should "  learn our lessons from those policies , " calling China 's regime more oppressive than when the U.S. normalized relations with China in the '70s . "  Certainly the Chinese economy has grown , but politically they 're more repressed than they were twenty or thirty years ago . There 's no freedom of religion , no freedom of speech , no free access to the Internet , no elections , no political parties , " Rubio said . "  So in essence , that is the model the Cubans will try to follow . " And while embracing that analogy , Rubio also dismissed a comparison between Cuba and China when prompted about whether he would end the U.S. 's trade relations with China if he became President , noting that there are "  geopolitical realities " when it comes to the Asian power . "  My interest here is singular , and that is freedom and democracy for the people of Cuba , " Rubio said . "  I just do n't think that this policy that the President has put in place furthers that goal . In fact , I think it makes it harder to achieve . " But Rubio may not be the only Florida politican with strong views on the issue entering the 2016 GOP fray of presidential hopefuls . Former Gov. Jeb Bush , who announced this week he is "  actively " exploring a presidential run , also slammed Obama this week for rewarding Cuba 's dictators , calling it an "  ill-advised move . " And while Bush has been a mentor to the younger Rubio in many ways , Rubio said a Bush candidacy would not deter him from his own . "  Jeb if he runs will be a very credible and formidable candidate , " said Rubio , who has not yet made a decision about running . "  When you reach a point where you 're thinking about running for President -- as I am -- what you have to make your decision on is not on who else is running , it 's on whether you think that 's the right place for you to achieve your agenda and serve your country . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Sen. Marco Rubio continued to bash President Barack Obama and Sen. Rand Paul for their support of normalizing relations with Cuba Rubio says is Paul wants to align himself with Obama 's foreign policies , "  he has a right to do that "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A pair of Republican congressmen ripped Congressional Black Caucus members for ignoring Cuba 's "  myriad gross human rights abuses " Thursday , saying this week 's caucus trip to the island nation ignored the plight of political prisoners under the Castro regime . Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , blasts members of the Black Caucus on Thursday for their trip to Cuba . They also urged the Obama administration to refrain from easing trade embargo or travel restrictions until the Cuban government releases all "  prisoners of conscience , " shows greater respect for freedom of religion and speech , and holds "  free and fair " elections . The call from Reps. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , and Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , came three days after the administration signaled that new rules on family travel and remittances to Cuba may be announced before President Obama goes to the Summit of the Americas on April 17 . It also followed statements from several Black Caucus members Tuesday arguing for consideration of an end to the trade embargo and other diplomatic restrictions placed on Cuba for five decades . Watch CNN 's Ed Hornick discuss the story " "  Yes , we have history -- we have good history and not-so-good history , " said Rep. Laura Richardson , D-California . "  But the point is it 's history , and we need to move forward . " Three members of the caucus were visiting the Latin American School of Medicine , where students from nations including the United States study , when they received an invitation to Fidel Castro 's home for a meeting . "  Former President Fidel Castro is very engaging , very energetic , " said CBC Chairwoman Barbara Lee , also a from California Democrat . "  Our conclusion is , given the new direction in our foreign policy , that it 's time to look at a new direction in our policy toward Cuba . Watch Lee discuss her visit to Cuba " "  The 50-year embargo just has n't worked , " she said . The caucus members , who also visited current Cuban President Raul Castro , "  did nothing to publicly show any concern for the myriad gross human rights abuses perpetrated by the Cuban government or the tragic fate of hundreds of Cuban democracy and human rights activists , " Smith said . "  Yet they held press conferences at which they heaped and lavished praise and affection for a government the United States Department of State only six weeks ago called ` totalitarian . ' " A 2008 State Department human rights report cited , among other things , numerous accounts of beatings of Cuban political prisoners , harsh and life - threatening conditions for dissidents , and severe restrictions on freedom of movement and religion , Smith said . "  Over the past 50 years , the Castros and their secret police have been directly responsible for killing thousands of nonviolent , courageous pro-democracy activists and for jailing and torturing tens of thousands of others . And they continue to this day to perpetrate their brutal crimes , " he said . "  Before the Obama administration even thinks about permitting further travel to Cuba , or altering the trade embargo on Cuba , both the White House and Congress have a moral obligation , a duty , to ensure that the Cuban dictatorship releases all prisoners of conscience , makes substantial progress in respecting freedom of religion , speech and , press and assembly , and holds free and fair elections . " Lee responded Thursday that it made no sense to continue what she characterized as a failed policy . "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but by any objective standard our current policy toward Cuba just has n't worked . Simply put , it 's time to open dialogue and discussion with Cuba , " she said in a statement . "  I am convinced , based on the meetings which were held , that the Cubans do want dialogue , they do want talks , and they do want normal relations with the United States of America . And I believe that it 's in the United States ' best interest to do that . " On Monday , the White House adviser for the Summit of the Americas , Jeffrey Davidow , refused to be pinned down about when the administration might announce its easing of the restrictions on travel and remittances to Cuba . "  I really could not say . But I would not be surprised if it came before the summit , " he said . "  They 're going to happen . I ca n't tell you exactly when . " Before he was elected president , Obama promised to ease restrictions on Cuban-Americans traveling to visit family in Cuba and sending them money .	NEW : Black Caucus Chairwoman responds to GOP criticism on Thursday Members of the CBC recently visited Cuba , met with Fidel and Raul Castro GOP reps blast trip , citing Havana 's "  myriad gross human rights violations " N.J. congressman : Travel , trade restrictions should continue until Cuba reforms
CNN  -- Fred Wiseman has been at the forefront of the American documentary scene ever since his bombshell of a first film in 1967 . "  Titicut Follies " may sound like a burlesque extravaganza , but in fact the film was a deeply disturbing expose of life inside a correctional institution for the criminally insane . Since then , Wiseman has built up an extraordinary body of work . It includes nearly 40 feature films , many of them more than three hours long , largely preoccupied with examining the apparatus of social institutions : hospitals , high schools , parks and zoos . All of them are framed according to Wiseman 's own rigorous observational style , which involves sustained scrutiny , no voice-over and no interviews . He 's into process , not personality . With a Wiseman film , it 's up to the viewer to supply the commentary . That 's easier when the subject concerns alleged inadequate welfare programs or dysfunctional government institutions . In his last few films , the septuagenarian director has turned his gaze on less overtly political matters : the esteemed Ballet de l'Opera company in "  La Danse "  2009  ; an Austin , Texas , training facility in "  Boxing Gym "  2010  ; and now , a Parisian cabaret , in "  Crazy Horse . " In this loose-limbed documentary , Wiseman is more like an impressionist painter -- Degas is the obvious example -- than a social activist or a reporter . He 's looking at the human body , at model physical specimens and at perceptions of beauty . "  Crazy Horse " can be viewed as a series of nude studies built around the contrast between the dancers ' casual nakedness backstage and the highly fetishistic , filtered nudity on stage . Surprisingly  and disappointingly  , Wiseman foregrounds the latter ; we scarcely learn the dancers ' names and rarely hear them speak . You might expect marked differences between a distinguished ballet company and a glorified strip club , but Wiseman seems to see them in much in the same light  not literally ; the chromatic effects at the club are designed to dazzle , and they do  . The Crazy Horse , or "  Le Crazy " for short , aspires to art with almost comical sincerity . This is Paris , after all , and intellectuals are a prime target audience . Like "  La Danse , " the new film dedicates most of its running time to rehearsal and performance , interspersed with sometimes tense exchanges behind the scenes involving the creative personnel  in this case , primarily director/choreographer Philippe Decoufle  and management  managing director Andree Deissenberg  . The "  artistes " always want more time , and the shareholders are invariably fixated on the bottom line . Which is understandable at the Crazy Horse , where dancing cheek to cheek means something very different from what Irving Berlin had in mind .  Or did he ? At various points , the people who work there describe it as the best chic nude club in the world , and the classiest . A better description might be the kitschiest . In one routine , Decoufle 's dancers enact a "  Barbarella " number as if it were "  Solaris . " In another , they parade around in Beefeater bearskin hats and not much else .  If the club had a uniform , it would be a thong -- though high heels and fishnets also feature strongly .  The music is mostly a cheesy mix of classic bump-and-grind and '70s Italian sex comedy . Once or twice , the choreography does break the mold -- to push into the exploratory eroticism of modern interpretative dance -- but at heart , the sensuality celebrated here is as safe and conventional as a Playboy bunny . Does Wiseman disagree ? Of course he never says so , but the film is laced with enough subtly suggestive ironies to prick all that oh-so-French pomposity and pretension , without ever undermining the discipline and commitment of dancers and choreographers . "  Be pretty , classy , relaxed -- and calm -- and push your buttocks out , " recommends a stage manager to a group of new girls before their audition . "  American Idol " this ai n't . Wiseman may be the one documentarian on Earth uninterested in revealing who makes the cut . Still , it 's clear this is excellent advice ; maybe all you need to know to get by in Le Crazy . Brightly photographed in high definition , the movie is an eyeful all right , but at 134 minutes , it 's also a rather lengthy tease .	In this loose-limbed documentary , Fred Wiseman is more like an impressionist painter "  Crazy Horse " can be viewed as a series of nude studies The film dedicates most of its running time to rehearsal and performance
CNN  -- AC Milan 's chances of retaining their Serie A took a knock on Saturday as they went down to a shock 2-1 defeat to Fiorentina in the San Siro . The loss was capitalized on by nearest rivals Juventus who beat Palermo 2-0 in the evening kick-off to return to the top of the table . Two second-half goals , the first by centre-back Leonardo Bonucci in the 56th minute and Fabio Quagliarella 13 minutes later , mean Juve go one point clear . Earlier , Brazilian-born striker Amauri fired home in the 89th minute to seal a dramatic win for the Fiorentina . Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring for Milan in the 31st minute , stroking home from the penalty spot after Maxi Lopez was fouled by Matija Nastastic . But Fiorentina responded with a goal of their own two minutes after the break when Lorenzo Di Silvestri played in Stevan Jovetic who shot past goalkeeper Christain Abbiati . Amauri 's late winner sees Fiorentina move up to 15th place . The defeat caps a disappointing week for Milan after they were eliminated from the Champions League by Barcelona on Tuesday . The only bright spot on Saturday was the return of Antonio Cassano to the team following heart surgery . "  We need to accept the result in the knowledge that there are still a lot of matches left  seven  and everything is still wide open , " said Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri . "  It 's been a bad week with the defeat to Barcelona and this one but we have to regroup because there 's still everything to play for , " he added . "  We have to stay calm , we did n't expect to stumble here but we have to be even more fired up because of what we 've wasted . " A 3-1 win for Udinese against Parma sees them move up into fourth ahead of Napoli who went down to a 3-1 defeat at third-placed Lazio . Ghana midfielder Kwadwo Asamoah opened the scoring moments before the break with skipper Antonio Di Natale netting a second 11 minutes into the second half . Parma pulled a goal back when Alessandro Lucarelli scored six minutes from time but Asamoah was on hand to grab his second of the match in injury time to make sure of the three points . Sixth-placed Roma 's bid for Champions League football next season was dented by a 4-2 defeat at relegation-threatened Lecce . Inter Milan now trail Roma by two points after they grabbed a point in a 2-2 draw at Cagliari . Cagliari were twice in front in the game thanks to goals from Daniele Astori and Mauricio Pinilla in the either half . But goals Diego Milito and latterly from Esteban Cambiasso earned a draw for Inter .	Serie A leaders AC Milan shocked in San Siro as Fiorentina win 2-1 Juventus beat Palermo 2-0 to go top of the table Fourth-placed Udinese beat Parma 3-1 : Inter Milan draw 2-3 against Cagliari
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Republicans got first serve in their convention last week . Can Democrats break serve , or will the presidential race go to a tiebreaker in November ? Here are five things to watch for at the Democratic National Convention : 1 . New man on the big stage -- Most Americans have never heard of the mayor of San Antonio . They will after Tuesday night when Julian Castro becomes the first Latino to give the keynote address at a Democratic convention . Past keynote speakers such as Bill Clinton and Barack Obama made it to the White House . Maybe that 's raising too many expectations for Castro , but his speech will be looked upon the same way . 2 . 2016 contenders -- Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan gave blockbuster speeches at the Republican convention in Tampa , Florida . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's keynote address did n't go over as well . All three could make bids for the GOP presidential nomination in 2016 if Mitt Romney does n't win in November . So which Democrats are waiting in the wings ? Govs. Martin O'Malley of Maryland , Brian Schweitzer of Montana and John Hickenlooper of Colorado all have an opportunity in Charlotte . 3 . Turncoats -- Is Charlie Crist the Artur Davis of this convention ? Davis , the former Democratic congressman from Alabama who seconded Obama 's nomination four years ago , had a high-profile speech at the Republican convention . Now it 's Crist 's turn . What will the former Republican governor of Florida , who could possibly run for his old office as a Democrat , say when he gets in front of the podium in Charlotte ? 4 . What will Bill Clinton say ? -- There 's probably more anticipation , and questions , around the former president 's Wednesday prime-time address . Once former adversaries when Hillary Clinton was running against Obama , Bill Clinton has become one of Obama 's strongest advocates . But the big question is what will Clinton say when he nominates Obama for re-election Wednesday ? Obama campaign officials said they have n't seen Clinton 's speech yet , but they said they are "  not worried " about what he 'll say . 5 . The ticket -- The traditional role of running mate is to be the attack dog . Will Vice President Joe Biden slam Romney as much as Ryan attacked Obama ? And how much of what the president will say in his acceptance speech is a defense of his first term and how much is an outline of what he wants to do over the next four years ?	San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro will give the keynote address Possible 2016 contenders , many of them governors , will be on display Former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist takes his shot at the GOP Anticipation is high for former President Bill Clinton 's Wednesday night address
EW.com  -- How did the producers manage to keep the First Lady 's involvement in the ceremony a secret ? Why did n't Meryl Streep open the envelope for best actor ? Did Host Seth MacFarlane and Kristin Chenoweth actually know the identity of the losers before they wrote that snarky ode to them ? We asked Director Don Mischer to answer some of our burning questions about Sunday 's telecast of the Academy Awards . When did they book Michelle Obama to reveal the Best Picture winner ? "  That happened about two weeks ago and we kept it all a secret , " Mischer told EW . "  There were just a few of us who knew . We had a code name for it ... Operation Florence . Nobody on our crew knew until Sunday afternoon before we went on the air . " When did Seth MacFarlane and Kristin Chenoweth write the loser song that ran over the end credits ? "  It was rewritten during the show , " Mischer said . "  Seth wrote a template , a framework . There was a big joke in there about Argo not winning , but since Argo won , we had to rewrite it . It was being rewritten until the last award . We have four minutes of credits at the end and it 's always kind of a throwaway , so we decided to try something more fun . " ` Walking Dead , ' ` Girls ' : Sunday TV recaps Did you know Meryl Streep was n't going to open the envelope for the Best Actor category on camera ? "  No , she threw me for a loop ! I want to see the envelope opening up as I 'm coming out of the film clip . She must have opened it up during the film clip . That kind of threw me . There was a technical hitch right there . I like to cut to these boxes where you see everybody and the winner pops up full . She said the winner before we could ever blow up the box with the winner ! " Oscars : Sound Editing tie is a rarity What happened to Jennifer Lawrence on her way up stage to accept her Oscar for Best Actress ? "  She fell , but broke her fall with her left arm , " said Mischer . "  I do n't know whether she tripped on the fabric of her gown going up the steps . It was awkward . As directors , we worry about that stuff . What happens if someone collapses on the way up the steps or something ? I was really happy when we realized she was not hurt and could survive the whole thing , get up there and react . It was quick and painless . Those are the things that happen with live television ! " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	MacFarlane and Chenoweth wrote the loser song during the show Director did n't know Meryl Streep was n't going to open envelope on camera Michelle Obama 's appearance was referred to as "  Operation Florence " before the show
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The Yemeni cabinet has approved the draft of a law that will give President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his aides immunity from prosecution . The draft was submitted to parliament for approval and is expected to be approved within days , said Yahya al-Arasi , a senior vice presidential aide . Ghaleb al-Odaini , the spokesman for the opposition Joint Meeting Parties  JMP  , said the law will pass but expect lawmakers to make changes to it before approving it . Under the terms of a Gulf Cooperation Council-brokered deal , Saleh has agreed to step down as president on February 21 in exchange for immunity from prosecution . The law , if approved in its current form , will also give immunity to officials who worked under Saleh during his 33-year rule . A day after the draft was approved , thousands of protesters rallied Monday in more than a dozen provinces against the proposal . Some waved banners that showed a picture of Saleh holding a butcher knife in his bloodied hands . Others , however , saw the merit in the proposal . "  We are against the immunity bill , but it will play a big role in ending the Saleh family rule in Yemen and give us a chance to build a new nation , " said Abdullah al-Kuraimi , a youth activist in Sanaa . Yemen 's Prime Minister Mohammed Basendowah defended the immunity bill saying that it will help Yemen avoid violence through the immunity . "  We granted President Saleh immunity to rid the country from a civil war or possible bloodshed , " he said . He said it was a necessary political solution . "  For those who think a revolution can force Saleh out of power , they can try , " he said . Senior Saleh aides said the president will head to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment after he steps down . Meanwhile , parliamentarians argued vehemently Monday with Saleh 's aides refusing to accept Vice President Abdu Rabu Hadi as the unified candidate for the February 21 presidential elections . Sultan Barakani , the head of the ruling General People Congress bloc in parliament , said discussions on Hadi should be delayed until February , giving time for Saleh 's immunity law to pass . Aides to Hadi have accused Saleh -- both of whom are in the same political party -- of being behind the rising tensions , whether by sitting quietly as his supporters chastised Hadi or siding against the vice president . The vice presidential aides said that Saleh and his supporters appear unhappy with Hadi 's actions in recent months , including his steadily decreasing the powers of the president and his most ardent loyalists .	NEW : Prime Minister says the immunity bill will help Yemen avoid bloodshed NEW : Lawmakers argue about nominating Hadi as their presidential candidate Parliament will have to approve the draft for it to become law Thousands protests in provinces against the proposal
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities vowed Tuesday to use the international police agency Interpol to arrest former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in connection with the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . "  The government is moving for his  Musharraf 's  red notice , " Interior Minister Rehman Malik said , referring to the Interpol 's international arrest warrant . "  We will get him through Interpol to Pakistan . " Malik made the announcement as part of a progress report of the four-year-long assassination probe that was presented to provincial lawmakers Tuesday in Bhutto 's home province of Sindh . The briefing lasted several hours and was broadcast live on Pakistani TV . Bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007 , shortly after she came back to Pakistan from self imposed exile to take part in the 2008 general elections . Malik and the head of the investigation team said former Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud plotted the assassination and paid the equivalent of about $ 4,500 to a network of Islamist militants to carry out the killing . Using a Power Point presentation , pictures and video to outline the evidence they had gathered , authorities said Mehsud had Bhutto killed because she supported the west 's war against Islamist militants . Investigators said they collected much of their evidence from the accused plotters ' cell phone records before and after the killing . Last November a Pakistani court charged five alleged Islamist militants with aiding the suicide attacker and two senior police officers for failing to provide adequate security . Musharraf has also been accused of failing to protect Bhutto . In February 2011 a judge issued an arrest warrant for Musharraf after he did n't show up to court for questioning . Musharraf has been in self-imposed exile ever since he left Paksitan in 2008 . Last August authorities confiscated his property in Pakistan and froze his bank account . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with Bhutto 's killing . In Tuesday 's briefing Malik and investigators said Musharraf rejected Bhutto 's request to use a western private security contractor for protection when she returned to Pakistan . They suggested Musharraf intentionally left Bhutto vulnerable because he felt politically threatened by her return . "  It was the duty of the government to provide the prime minister with protection , " Malik yelled at one point . "  Why did you not give security ? What was the problem ? " Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Musharraf was president when Bhutto was assassinated Officials said they believe he intentionally left her vulnerable Bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007
CNN  -- Halloween weekend appears to have scared off the major movie studios : none of them released a new film , perhaps figuring folks were more interested in parties and trick-or-treating . It seems they were right , as the holiday turned cineplexes into ghost towns . "  Nightcrawler , " a dark thriller starring Jake Gyllenhaal , was the only new movie to open in the top 10 , taking in $ 10.9 million . Gyllenhaal plays a creepy freelance cameraman determined to ride the local TV news trend of "  if it bleeds , it leads " to success . Weekend estimates showed "  Nightcrawler , " from Open Road Films , barely edging last weekend 's champ , the horror flick "  Ouija , " Whichever film winds up on top , it 'll be the lowest-grossing No. 1 movie since "  Guardians of the Galaxy " topped the chart with just $ 10.4 million in early September in its sixth weekend in release . If "  Nightcrawler " squeezes out the win , it 'll be the lowest-grossing No. 1 debut in more than two years , when "  The Possession " opened with just $ 9.3 million . Both of those low-grossing number ones occurred on the weekend after Labor Day , traditionally one of the poorest box office weekends of the year . This weekend 's other new wide release , "  Before I Go To Sleep , " opened outside the top 10 , as expected . Nicole Kidman stars as a woman who wakes up every morning with her memory erased . That 's an eerie similarity to Kidman 's career of late , continuing a pattern of quickly-forgotten films : "  Trespass , " "  The Paperboy " "  Stoker , " and "  The Railway Man . " Even a special Halloween re-release of the original "  Saw , " the 2004 movie that helped spark the current horror-as-torture-porn genre , could n't lure many fans . Jigsaw and his victims averaged a pathetic $ 315 per theater . Strange -- it 's as if people looking for scary stuff had something else to do this weekend .	"  Nightcrawler " appears to edge ` Ouija ' for No. 1 by a razor-thin margin Jake Gyllenhaal thriller would be the lowest-grossing No. 1 debut in two years Nicole Kidman continues her string of flops with "  Before I Go To Sleep " "  Saw " re-release failed to lure fans back into Jigsaw 's traps
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The garbage crisis in Naples encompasses the worst Italian clichés , and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula : mismanagement , political interference , mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere . Naples has had problems in finding sites for municipal dumps -- now workers have stopped collecting trash . There is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this : everybody is competent enough  to find a solution  but nobody is responsible  for actually carrying it out  . In many parts of the world waste disposal is a business -- and usually it is a good business . Garbage can be transformed into various sources of energy and then sold for a profit . In Naples , garbage is also good business , but in the sense that millions , if not billions , of euros have been wasted -- and nobody really knows how . The problem is as old and ugly as rotten trash . The region 's dumps reached full capacity more than a decade ago , and since then a state of emergency has been declared every year . Eight different commissioners have been appointed , but they have all failed to solve the problem . State of emergency means government money : $ 1.8 billion  more than $ 2.5 billion  in emergency funds have been devolved to deal with the problem . It is still difficult to find out where or how that money has been spent . Incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished , either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job , or else because magistrates stopped the work , pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement . One Italian newspaper suggested that a good 20 % of the money went to pay for the salaries of those in charge of coming up with a solution to the problem . More worrying perhaps , is another suggestion : that the local mafia , known as the Camorra , is taking advantage of the situation . As the crisis has worsened over the years , so the Camorra 's profits , estimated now at around $ 1 billion  roughly $ 1.45 billion  , are alleged to have increased . How does the local mafia make money ? The Naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation . Once they receive the money , companies linked to the underworld dispose of the waste either in the open or , ironically , at regular city dumps , even if they are overflowing . The mafia clans have now managed to burrow their way so deeply into the system that every attempt to fix the problem has proved futile . But why are citizens protesting now ? Well , the government wants to re-open a previously shut dump to dispose of 3,700 tons of waste which is laying in the streets of Naples and surrounding areas . The problem is that when the site was closed years ago , locals were promised that a golf course would be built there . As a result , many residents invested savings to construct apartments and residences in the vicinity -- in some cases just a few yards away from the site . They are now waking up to a mountain of trash instead of 18 holes . A rotten deal indeed . E-mail to a friend	Rubbish is piling up on the streets of Naples , with municipal dumps full Many commentators question the role of the local mafia in the award of contracts More than $ 2.5 B in emergency funds has been spent on the problem over the years One dump was going to be a golf course -- residents furious it is being re-opened
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , takes another step into the public eye this week with his first commercial endorsement . Prince Jackson , 14 , revealed in an interview that while he ca n't sing or dance like his father , he wants to be a television and movie actor . He has previously said he wanted to be a director . While some Jackson fans may object , saying Prince Jackson is too young to be involved in an endorsement , the lawyer for grandmother Katherine Jackson said steps are being taken to "  make sure that going forward everything with the children is done by the book . " Prince is n't doing it for the money , but as a favor for his uncles , the four surviving original members of the Jackson 5 group that featured his father . None of the marketing materials for the jackets includes Prince 's name or image , but he did join Jackie , Marlon and Tito Jackson recently when they autographed 1,000 replicas of Michael Jackson 's "  Beat It " and "  Thriller " leather jackets . Jermaine Jackson also signed the jackets , which go on sale Thursday through Amazon.com . The J5 Collection , which is based on the styles of the Jackson 5 , will introduce Michael Jackson 's style "  to a new generation , " Prince Jackson told CNN . He might wear them to "  dress up parties , " he said . "  It 's not casual , but it 's nice to wear to events . " Prince Jackson , who 's about 5-foot-10 , is showing signs of a young man who is ready to make his own mark on the world . Jackson 's three children -- Prince , Paris and Blanket -- were famously sheltered from public view until their father 's death on June 25th , 2009 . It was n't until the pop icon 's memorial service that the world got a close look at them . Paris , now 13 , spoke for her brothers then , saying her "  daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine . " Prince Jackson spoke up on the Grammys stage in February 2010 when he accepted his father 's lifetime achievement award . "  To all his songs , his message was simple , love , " then-12-year-old Prince said . "  We will continue to spread his message and help the world . " Since then , Prince talked briefly to Oprah Winfrey when she visited his home last year to interview grandparents Joe and Katherine Jackson . Prince also walked a red carpet and answered a few questions from reporters during a recent trip to Germany to accept an award to his father . He smiled broadly and appeared confident on stage at the tribute show to his father in Wales last month when he introduced Beyonce 's song . Prince said he 's hoping to travel with Jackie , Tito and Marlon Jackson when they perform shows in Japan next month . The plan is to have Prince introduce his uncles on stage , Marlon Jackson said . Perry Sanders , the lawyer for Katherine Jackson , said Prince has indicated he is determined to make his own money , even though he will inherit many millions from his father 's estate . Taking care to make the right decisions about what deals to accept and what to reject is crucial to protecting his brand as the eldest son of the King of Pop , he said . His uncles asked Prince to support the "  Thriller " and "  Beat It " jacket sales , a line that is authorized by the executors of the Michael Jackson estate . "  These limited quantity collector 's items are exact replicas of the iconic originals and were created by the original designer of the jackets , " according to a news release . Michael Jackson debuted the red "  Beat It " and red and black "  Thriller " jackets , designed by Marc Laurent , in 1983 . The Jackson brothers signed 500 of each jacket , which will sell for $ 2,350 .	Prince Jackson shows support for his uncles with jacket endorsement The "  Thriller " and "  Beat It " replicas are "  nice to wear to events , " Prince says Michael Jackson 's oldest son wants to be an actor Although rich from his father 's estate , Prince wants to earn his own money , lawyer says
InStyle.com  -- Is there anything as romantic as a classic big screen kiss ? Even today -- when most Hollywood movies do n't exactly fade to black after the lovers lock lips -- the best kisses still have the power to send shivers down the spine . In honor of Valentine 's Day , InStyle chose the most memorable cinematic embraces : upside down , on a boat , and in the pouring rain . "  Gone with the Wind " "  You need kissing badly , " Clark Gable , as Rhett Butler , told Vivien Leigh 's Scarlett O'Hara in this 1939 epic . "  You should be kissed , and often . And by someone who knows how . " Later on , while proposing to the twice-widowed Scarlett , he proves he 's the man for the job . See all 25 iconic movie kisses "  Lady and the Tramp " She was the original uptown girl ; he was a lovable drifter . But when these two crazy pups came together over a very long piece of spaghetti in this 1955 animated film , it was forever . "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's " Truman Capote 's original 1958 novella was n't exactly a love story , so the author was less than thrilled with the 1961 big screen adaptation .  For one thing , he 'd wanted Marilyn Monroe to play Holly Golightly .  But audiences adored this stylish film , particularly for the final scene , in which Holly  Audrey Hepburn  and Paul  George Peppard  make a rainy New York City alley seem as romantic as any pink-streaked sunset . InStyle.com : The most stylish celebrity couples "  When Harry Met Sally " This 1989 comedy made numerous witty contributions to the romantic lexicon -- and kickstarted a  still-raging  debate as to whether men and women could "  really " be friends -- but it was the pair 's New Year 's Eve reconciliation that moved viewers to tears . As Billy Crystal  Harry  told Meg Ryan  Sally  : "  I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone , you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible . " "  Pretty Woman " "  I do n't kiss on the mouth , " Vivian  Julia Roberts  warns Edward  Richard Gere  at the beginning of this 1990 movie . So when she does , it 's pivotal -- the audience understands that she 's come to regard Edward as much more than a client . But even that kiss ca n't beat the one at the happy ending , after Edward "  rescues " Vivian on her fire escape and she promises to "  rescue him right back . " InStyle.com : Julia Roberts 's Transformation "  Ghost " Technically , in this scene from the 1990 film , Molly Jensen  Demi Moore  is making out with Oda Mae Brown  Whoopi Goldberg  . But because Oda Mae is channeling Molly 's late boyfriend Sam Wheat  Patrick Swayze  , it 's Sam that Molly -- and the viewers -- get to see . "  Titanic " Director James Cameron initially planned to cast "  an Audrey Hepburn type " to play the female lead in this 1997 epic , and Leonardo DiCaprio nearly turned down his role . It 's still captivating to see him woo Kate Winslet 's Rose , even if , as DiCaprio said in a recent interview , kissing Kate is "  like kissing a family member . " InStyle.com : Kate Winslet 's Transformation "  Spiderman " The upside down kiss that Spiderman  Tobey Maguire  shared with Mary Jane  Kirsten Dunst  in this 2002 flick was breath-taking for Maguire , but not for the reasons you might think . "  The whole time I had rainwater running up my nose , " he said . "  Then , when Kirsten rolled back the mask , she cut my air off completely . " "  Slumdog Millionaire " It was easy to see why Jamal  Dev Patel  was so hung up on his childhood friend Latika  Freida Pinto  . When they finally kiss on a Mumbai train platform , it 's a moment as exuberantly optimistic as the goofy dance scene that follows . Bonus points for still being a couple to this off-screen day . InStyle.com : Freida Pinto 's Transformation "  Twilight " Even the most diehard members of Team Jacob ca n't deny the romantic power of Bella and Edward 's first kiss . Kristen Stewart -- who 's almost uniformly closemouthed about her off-screen relationship with costar Robert Pattinson -- did offer "  I get to kiss Edward Cullen , " when asked to name a few of her favorite things about the gig . See if your favorite movie kisses made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I do n't kiss on the mouth , " Vivian warns Edward at the beginning of "  Pretty Woman " "  When Harry Met Sally " kickstarted the debate as to whether men and women can be friends "  You need kissing badly , " Rhett Butler told Scarlett O'Hara in "  Gone with the Wind "
CNN  -- In Shandong Province in northeastern China , the nation 's grain heartland , the worst drought in 60 years has raised the specter of shortages for the world 's largest wheat producer . Russia -- still reeling from a drought that slashed wheat harvest by nearly 40 % and spurred Moscow to ban exports last summer -- hopes new , resilient strains of the crop will lead to a resumption of wheat exports . However , soil damaged by the drought means nearly 10 % of Russian wheat fields could n't be planted this year . Social media may have fanned the flames of revolt which toppled governments in Tunisia and Egypt and triggered demonstrations across the Middle East . But the tinderbox was built on high unemployment , corruption and rising food prices . It 's a telling sign that the trouble in Tunisia started with the self immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi , a street vendor protesting the police seizure of his produce cart . "  I think that we have to be careful , as an international community , not to let food prices become not -LSB- only -RSB- a national security threat in countries , but a global security threat , " Ngozi Iweala , managing director of the World Bank , told CNN . Rising food prices have driven nearly 44 million people into poverty since June , according to World Bank estimates released this week , pushing the number of chronically hungry toward 1 billion . Global food prices rose 29 % in the past year due to weather shocks such as the Russian drought and subsequent export ban , as well as the growing appetite for biofuels and rising demand from emerging economies such as Brazil , India and China . Rising inflation a top Chinese concern Price increases were led by sugar and wheat , at 20 % . Fats and oils used in cooking rose 22 % , according to the World Bank . "  Our research shows higher global wheat prices have directly fed into sharp increases in domestic wheat prices in many countries , " Robert Zoellick , president of the World Bank , said earlier this week . "  In just six months , prices for wheat rose by more than 50 % in Kyrgyzstan ; 45 % in Bangladesh and 33 % in Mongolia . " Rising food prices create political strife . Nations in northern Africa and the Middle East -- where arable land is scarce -- scour Eastern Europe and Central Asia for grain deals . When Rachid Rachid was Egypt 's Trade and Industry Minister , he personally combed the world for wheat -- with visits to Russia and Central Asia -- attempting to meet the domestic demand of six million tons a year . "  The fact you know that you need this much quantity to feed the people in Egypt and knowing that there is not that much quantity around the world makes you really scared , " Rachid told CNN . The price of a kilogram of onions in India nearly doubled from September to December , resulting in an export ban that was lifted this week after Indian farmers protested and onion prices plummeted . Chinese food prices rose 10.3 % in January , raising concerns about the economy overheating . In the U.S. consumer prices rose only 1.6 % in January , but as CNNMoney reports prices for clothing , appliances and food are expected to rise as increasing demand from emerging economies hikes the cost of raw materials . "  This is something we need to really pay attention to , because it impacts the most vulnerable : children , women , pregnant women and it really hits the poor , " said Iweala of the World Bank . CNN 's Richard Quest , Kevin Voigt , John Defterios , Colleen McEdwards and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	The World Bank sounded the alarm this week on rising global food prices Droughts in China have raised harvest worries in the world 's largest wheat producer About 10 % of the wheat fields in Russia could n't be planted due to soil damage Global food prices rose 29 % last year due to weather shocks such as the Russian drought
CNN  -- Manchester City 's faltering bid for a first English Premier League title in 44 years received a further setback on Saturday as they drew 3-3 with Sunderland at the Etihad Stadium . Two late goals ensured Roberto Mancini 's team preserved their unbeaten home record in the league , but it means rivals Manchester United will go five points clear at the top of the table if they win at Blackburn Rovers on Monday . Sebastian Larsson put Sunderland ahead after half-an-hour before Mario Balotelli equalized from the penalty spot two minutes before the break after striker Edin Dzeko was brought down . But City soon found themselves behind again when striker Nicklas Bendtner headed home in first half injury time . Larsson got his second of the match 10 minutes after the break and City looked doomed to defeat as the match headed towards its climax . But two goals in two minutes -- Balotelli in the 85th followed by Aleksandar Kolarov -- ensured City came away with a point . Chelsea 's quest to qualify for the Champions League received a boost as they beat Aston Villa 4-2 on an emotional day at Villa Park . Villa captain Stiliyan Petrov , who was diagnosed with acute leukemia on Friday , watched from the stands after receiving a standing ovation before the game . Petrov thanks fans for messages of support Branislav Ivanovic scored twice  51st and 83rd minute  for the West Londoners after Daniel Sturridge had scored the game 's opening goal in the ninth minute . Second-half goals from James Collins and American Eric Lichaj kept Villa in the hunt for a point , but Fernando Torres made sure of three points in injury time to keep the Blues in fifth spot , two points behind Tottenham who host Swansea City tomorrow . Muamba posts first photo Arsenal 's winning run came to an end in West London as they lost 2-1 to Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road . Moroccan midfielder Adel Taarabt put the home side in front in the 22nd minute before Theo Walcott equalized for the Gunners eight minutes before halftime . But French midfielder Samba Diakite 's 66th minute goal proved to be decisive to keep Mark Hughes ' side 18th in the table with 28 points . Arsenal remain in third with 58 points . Fellow strugglers Wigan also won 2-0 at home to Stoke but Wolverhapton Wanderers miserable form continued as they went down 3-2 to Bolton at Molineux to leave them rooted to the bottom with 22 points . Everton moved above Merseyside rivals Liverpool  who travel to Newcastle on Sunday  thanks to a 2-0 win over West Bromwich Albion at Goodison Park . A goal in either half moves David Moyes ' team up to seventh with 43 points .	Manchester City drop vital points at home drawing 3-3 against Sunderland Manchester United will go five points clear if they beat Blackburn Rovers on Monday Chelsea beat Aston Villa 4-2 to keep up pressure on Tottenham in race for fourth place Wolves sink further into mire with 3-2 home defeat against Bolton Wanderers
Gleneagles , Scotland  CNN  -- If you 're a U.S. golf fan , or Tom Watson , look away now . After a heavy defeat to Europe in the Ryder Cup , it 's time for soul searching and reflection . With the next competition taking place at Hazeltine in Minnesota in 2016 , here are five lessons for all involved to ponder over the coming two years . 1 . Fergie time There are n't many better figures in the world of sport to impart a few words of wisdom , or the hairdryer treatment when necessary , than former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson . European captain Paul McGinley 's decision to harness the mind of English soccer 's most successful coach was a stroke of genius .	Europe retained the Ryder Cup after a resounding win over the U.S. in Scotland It was Europe 's third successive win in the biennial contest Phil Mickelson appeared to question the methods of U.S. captain Tom Watson in press conference Watson previously captained the U.S. team in 1993
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI has agreed to release portions of its files concerning civil rights-era photographer Ernest Withers ' work for the agency as a secret informant to settle a lawsuit , according to representatives of the Memphis , Tennessee , newspaper The Commercial Appeal . Charles Tobin , a lawyer representing the paper , which filed the suit , told CNN the agreement calls for the release of 70 investigative files in which Withers was involved . He said a reporter for The Commercial Appeal will choose the case records the newspaper wants to see from a list . The files will include photographs and documents . Tobin also said the settlement calls for the Justice Department to pay $ 186,000 in legal fees incurred by the newspaper since filing suit . In an article published Monday , The Commercial Appeal said the 70 case files would include the FBI 's investigation of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. while in Memphis in 1968 and examinations of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , the NAACP , and peace and black power movements . The newspaper said Withers worked as an FBI informant from 1958 to 1972 . The newspaper filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the FBI in 2010 seeking the materials and dropped the action Monday after a settlement was reached . A Justice Department spokeswoman said the suit had ended but would not provide details of the settlement . The agreement calls for the FBI to provide the files to the National Archives and Records Administration , which will then make public portions of the materials over the next two years . It was not clear how quickly the first files would be made public . According to Tobin , the FBI will not be required to release Withers ' actual informant file but will include information Withers gathered . Withers ' informant file would have information on how much Withers was paid by the FBI and likely would have instructions given to Withers about which civil rights activists the agency wanted him to gather information on . "  This is a tremendous victory for the public 's right to know about what the government was up to , " said Tobin . Chris Peck , editor of The Commercial Appeal , told CNN when the newspaper first reported Withers worked for the FBI , it was a "  bombshell " because he was a well-respected and trusted figure in the civil rights movement . Withers covered the trial of the men accused of killing black teenager Emmett Till for reportedly whistling at a white woman . He covered the Memphis sanitation workers ' strike , marches led by King and King 's funeral . Withers died in 2007 at age 85 .	Photographer Ernest Withers worked for the FBI from 1958 to 1972 A Memphis newspaper sued the FBI for access to Withers ' photos , documents Withers gathered information on Martin Luther King , civil rights groups
CNN  Duty . Honor . Country . These words were chiseled in granite above me , printed on the diploma in my hands and engraved on my class ring . I had just completed a four year regimen that had been honed over 174 years to be difficult . The year was 1976 . I had just graduated from West Point . In return for four years of education , I owed the nation at least five years of Army service . I became a "  service member . " But like most of my peers , I was n't really thinking much about service . At age 21 , I was more focused on the adventures ahead -- of becoming a good officer and leading soldiers . After 34 years in the U.S. military , I learned that Armies are built soldier-by-soldier , platoon-by-platoon . Like the bricks in a house , the soldiers in each unit contribute to a great military , just as the citizens of each neighborhood help determine whether the nation stands strong . Nothing is more important than developing in our citizens a sense of responsibility to each other -- and to the nation . The Franklin Project is an initiative that I chair at the Aspen Institute . Our goal is to have 1 million young Americans each complete a civilian service year by 2023 . We envision an American version of national service that is voluntary but socially expected . Today , as part of this effort , I 'm calling for a few cities across the country to step up and lead by becoming Service Year Cities . What if , upon graduating from high school , every young person in these cities is given an opportunity to complete a service year with other young people ? Each city could commit to a plan with an initial goal of having at least 25 % of their graduating students from high schools stay in their communities to serve for a year . Like many Americans , I believe our country would benefit greatly if we were to unite around a commitment to service . Creating model towns and cities of service across America could provide powerful local examples that capture our collective imagination and create ripple effects for more service opportunities . I 've seen the benefits firsthand . In early 1977 , I joined the 82nd Airborne Division and found myself leading a platoon of paratroopers . Most of my platoon came from modest backgrounds and had joined the still young "  Modern Volunteer Army " for financial reasons . It was a built-in cultural clash , as I , the son and grandson of career officers , fresh from the cloistered world of West Point , was put in charge of a group of young men who came from different socio-economic and ethnic backgrounds . But despite our differences , we all came together to solve complex problems . In the process , often haltingly , we watched each other grow -- first into comrades -- and slowly , almost imperceptibly , into professionals . Together we had become real soldiers and real citizens . I 'm not the first soldier to notice the unique advantage we gain as a country when mechanisms are put in place to bring people of diverse backgrounds together around shared values . In 1796 , President George Washington wrote that it was "  of the highest importance ... that  in  the juvenal period of life , when friendships are formed , and habits established , that will stick by one ; the youth ... from different parts of the United States would be assembled together , and would by degrees discover that there was not that cause for those jealousies and prejudices which one part of the Union had imbibed against another part . " President Washington 's words ring even truer in today 's America , where we see disconnectedness starkly within our own communities . If I were graduating from high school today , I 'd be less likely to have experienced the world alongside someone different from me . My high school would be less diverse than it was in 1970 . I would likely live around people who made just as much money as my parents . The creation of Service Year Cities around our country would enable us to make progress toward overcoming these divides while solving pressing local problems . As part of this Service Year City effort , cities would commit to growing service year opportunities for young people and include this in the city 's strategic planning , as Mayor Dayne Walling has done in Flint , Michigan . New York City plans to double its number of service year opportunities from 5,000 to 10,000 . Another template for a Service Year City could focus on mobilizing universities and community colleges to commit to a plan that integrates a service year into their students ' experience . Tufts University and Tulane University have both created such programs within the last year . Depending on the needs of your city , young people could be mobilized in one or two major projects , or placed in an array of organizations across the city . The young people in your city 's service cohort would also have an opportunity to interact with one another through social events in the city , joint training , and educational seminars . The participants would be part of an alumni group that could serve as a civic resource for your city for decades to come . This will not be easy , but it is completely possible . I learned from my decades as a soldier that the best solutions are designed by people closest to the problem . The experience would make these young people better community members , employees , citizens and leaders . Our partners at the National Conference on Citizenship are building a Service Year exchange , an online platform to connect all the young people , service organizations and funders . In part to assuage the concerns of parents worried that a service year could get their kids off track , the Franklin Project , and others are working to ensure that a service year becomes an accelerant to getting a job and gaining admission to college . Imagine if your town were able to look at a huge cohort of your young people as proudly as our country looks at our men and women in uniform . I fundamentally believe that Service Year Cities have the power to transform our culture of service and ultimately create a country in which all young Americans have the opportunity to serve . This experience would not just change the trajectory of one young person 's life for the better , but the trajectory of our cities and our nation as a whole . Follow Franklin Project @FranklinProj and Stan McChrystal @StanMcChrystal	Stan McChrystal : I call for cities across the nation to lead by becoming Service Year Cities McChrystal : What if one million young Americans each complete a civilian service year by 2023 ?
CNN  -- When Yuki Izumoto developed ugly white patches on her neck , hands and face nearly a year ago , her dermatologist had no answers for her . The 44-year-old Japanese housewife was embarrassed to show people her dotted hands , and the spots were n't going away . Her doctor told her "  it was a kind of disease , but the cause is unknown , " she says . Now it seems likely that she and thousands of others may have developed white blotches on their skin as a result of a popular whitening product from Japanese cosmetics brand Kanebo . Izumoto says she used the product for several years . Reports of such symptoms from thousands of customers have led Kanebo to initiate a voluntary recall of all of its products that contain the "  quasi-drug ingredient " known as Rhododenol . In a statement , Kanebo said 6808 customers had complained of vitiligo -- the appearance of irregular white blotches , or inconsistent de-pigmentation of the skin -- as of July 19 . Kanebo advises customers to stop using the skin products in question immediately and to contact a dermatologist . The company has set up a task force with "  the mission of taking full responsibility for the care of all customers who experience vitiligo-like symptoms following the use of the affected products , through to the stage of full recovery . " Skin whitening is a near obsession for some women in many Asia countries , with both local and Western brands selling a variety of products designed to evenly lighten skin tone . Kanebo has sold nearly five million products containing the recalled ingredient across 11 Asian countries , including Japan , Hong Kong and South Korea . There have been very limited sales in the United Kingdom . The company plans to visit all customers who have complained of skin blotches . Meanwhile , Izumoto says she has yet to receive a visit and is angry at the company for not being in touch sooner . "  I used the products to become beautiful , but I was tainted by it , " she says . She believes her skin may never return to normal . Saori Ibuki contributed to this report .	Yuki Izumoto developed white patches on her neck , hands and face Thousands of people complained of similar symptoms after using popular skin whitener Japanese company Kanebo has recalled products with ingredient Rhododenol Skin whitening is a near obsession for some women in many Asia countries
CNN  -- A street vendor in Ghana 's capital sells small American flags with an image of President Obama on them , in front of a billboard that proclaims "  Akwaaba " -- or "  Welcome " -- next to a smiling image of the U.S. leader . President Obama says he chose Ghana partly because of the "  democratic commitments " by President Mills . When Obama arrives in Accra on Friday night , he will be the third sitting American president to visit the West African nation of Ghana . But unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , Obama is only visiting Ghana and no other country in the continent . Obama said he picked Ghana as the first African country he would visit as U.S. president partly because of the "  democratic commitments " demonstrated by President John Atta Mills , who took office in January after a close election . "  By traveling to Ghana , we hope to highlight the effective governance that they have in place , " Obama said Tuesday in an interview with AllAfrica.com . During his 24-hour visit to Ghana , Obama will meet with the president and address parliament before he and first lady Michelle Obama tour the Cape Coast Castle , which was used in the trans-Atlantic slave trade . Security has been tight all week in Accra , and Ghana plans to deploy some 10,000 security forces during Obama 's visit , according to Ghana News Agency  GNA  . The White House has set up SMS codes to allow people across Africa to send "  words of welcome " via text message to Obama during his visit . Obama has already received thousands of messages , and plans to answer several of the questions sent to him , the British Broadcasting Corporation reported on Thursday . Bill Clinton was the first U.S. president to visit Ghana , in 1998 , as part of a six-nation Africa tour . Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , stopped there during a four-nation Africa tour during his last year of office that largely focused on U.S. aid programs . Ghana 's government named a road after Bush to recognize his government 's contribution towards the country 's development . As the United States ' first African-American president , Obama 's trip has broader significance as well . Obama 's father is from Kenya and he expressed concern about the political situation in that East African nation . "  The political parties -LSB- in Kenya -RSB- do not seem to be moving into a permanent reconciliation that would allow the country to move forward , " Obama told AllAfrica.com . "  And Kenya is not alone in some of the problems that we 've seen of late , post-election or pre-election . " Many in Kenya were critical of Obama 's decision to pick Ghana the first African nation he visited instead of his father 's birthplace . During his campaign for president , Obama was hailed by many as a "  son of Kenya . " Shortly after the White House announced the Ghana trip in May , newspaper headlines in Nairobi asked , "  Why Obama Snubbed Kenya . " A political cartoon in one Kenyan paper showed Air Force One dropping a note to Kenya 's leaders saying , "  Get your act together , " as it flew over the country . Obama said he wanted his visit to Africa to mean more than just something to cross off his list as U.S. president . "  I actually thought that it made sense for us to connect a trip to Ghana to a previous trip with the G8 ... to show that Africa is directly connected to our entire foreign policy approach , " Obama told AllAfrica.com . "  That it 's not some isolated thing where once every term you go visit Africa for a while to check that box , but rather it 's an ongoing part of a broader discussion about how we move many of these international challenges forward . " As Ghana gears up for the visit , a group of local singers and rap artists wrote a welcome song for Obama and produced a music video on YouTube . "  President Obama , Welcome to Ghana , " they sing , with images of U.S. and Ghanaian flags interspersed between the musicians . "  We welcome you to the Land of Gold . "	President Obama arrives in the West African nation Friday night Obama says he picked Ghana partly because of the "  democratic commitments " Group of local singers , rap artists write a welcome song for U.S. president Kenyan media wondered why Obama did n't choose to visit his ancestral nation first
CNN  -- She said she was a scapegoat . She said she was just following orders . She said she was demoted unfairly . Retired Army Col. Janis Karpinski was one of two officers punished over Abu Ghraib . Now , retired Army Col. Janis Karpinski can say : I told you so . Karpinski was one of two officers punished over the aggressive interrogations at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . Pictures of detainees caused outrage around the world when they were leaked to the news media in May 2004 . The photos showed naked prisoners stacked on top of each other or being threatened by dogs or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution . Throughout the ordeal , Karpinski maintained that she and her troops were following interrogation guidelines approved by top brass . Today , Karpinski has found validation in a few Bush-era memos released last week by the Obama administration . "  The outrage was over the photographs , because the photographs were living color of what those top-secret memorandums authorized , " Karpinski said in an interview Wednesday . "  So , it is unfair ... the soldiers may have moved through -LSB- the military justice -RSB- system , but they never had a fair court-martial . Not any one of them , because they were condemned as one of the ` bad apples . ' " Karpinski , then a brigadier general and commander of Abu Ghraib , was demoted to colonel because of the scandal . A second officer , Col. Thomas Pappas , the commander of the military intelligence unit assigned to Abu Ghraib when the offenses occurred , was relieved of duty and fined in May 2005 . Seven low-ranking guards and two military intelligence soldiers -- described by then-Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz as "  bad apples " -- were disciplined . The memo , by then-Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee and then-Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury , allowed the use of such tactics as keeping a detainee naked and in some cases in a diaper , and putting detainees on a liquid diet . One memo said aggressive techniques such as waterboarding , sleep deprivation and slapping did not violate laws against torture absent the intent to cause severe pain . "  I will tell you that when I read those memorandums , when they were first released a few days ago , I did -- I did feel this sense of being able to exhale after five years , " Karpinski said . "  That is what we have been saying from the very beginning , that , wait a minute , why are you inside pointing the finger at me , why are you pointing the fingers at the soldiers here ? There 's a bigger story here . " The Senate Armed Forces Committee released a report Tuesday , five days after the memos were released , stating that senior Bush administration officials authorized aggressive interrogation techniques on suspected terrorists , despite concerns from military psychologists and attorneys . The report points to then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's approval of such techniques -- including stress positions , removal of clothing , use of phobias  such as fear of dogs  , and deprivation of light and auditory stimuli -- in December 2002 for detainees at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . His OK prompted interrogators in Afghanistan and Iraq to adopt the aggressive techniques . The guidance was delivered to Abu Ghraib by then-Maj . Gen. Geoffrey Miller , who was summoned to Baghdad from Guantanamo to evaluate the prison system . "  We had a myriad of problems in our -- in the prison system , not with detainees who were undergoing interrogations , but with Iraqi criminal prisoners , " Karpinski said . "  And instead of coming to give us support , he was sent specifically to work with the military intelligence interrogators to teach them the harsher techniques that were being used down in Guantanamo . " Shortly before he left office in late 2006 , Rumsfeld said the day the Abu Ghraib scandal broke was the worst in his tenure as defense secretary . "  Clearly the worst day was Abu Ghraib , and seeing what went on there and feeling so deeply sorry that that happened , " he said at the time . "  I remember being stunned by the news of the abuse . " But Karpinski said the condition of detainees at the prison should have come as no surprise for the Bush administration . "  I think it was torture , absolutely . You know , I was never inside an interrogation room where they were conducting interrogations , but I read the memorandums many times over , " she said . "  Waterboarding is torture . " Karpinski said that while she was the commander of Abu Ghraib , she did n't personally witness any of the interrogation techniques . "  The first time I saw the photographs was at the end of January -LSB- 2004 -RSB- , " she said . Karpinski said she was ordered by Lt. Gen. Ricardo S. Sanchez , the U.S. commander of operations in Iraq at the time , not to discuss the photographs or the investigation with anybody . Now , despite any relief felt by the release of the memos and the Senate report , Karpinski said she will have a hard time shaking off the humiliation and disgrace brought on by the Abu Ghraib scandal . "  I think that , you know , you can not dismiss five years of having to live under these accusations , " she said , "  and people associating my name and these soldiers ' names with what they were so unfairly accused of . " CNN 's Rick Sanchez contributed to this report .	Retired Army Col. Janis Karpinski was punished over Abu Ghraib interrogations Abu Ghraib photos showed naked prisoners and prisoners with dogs Memos from Bush administration reccommended such tactics Karpinski says she and other disciplined soldiers were treated unfairly
CNN  -- In her 1976 keynote address to the Democratic National Committee , Texas Rep. Barbara Jordan said words I will never forget : "  We believe that the people are the source of all governmental power ; that the authority of the people is to be extended , not restricted . This can be accomplished only by providing each citizen with every opportunity to participate in the management of the government . "  We believe that the government which represents the authority of all the people , not just one interest group , but all the people , has an obligation to actively seek to remove those obstacles which would block individual achievement -- obstacles emanating from race , sex , economic condition . " That explains why I am a Democrat . Beyond that , ensuring every American 's right to vote and working to get out the vote -- every vote , regardless of party -- has been a lifelong goal , a personal quest . Today , unfortunately , the right to vote seems to have become a partisan issue . Democrats seek to guarantee and expand voting rights . Republicans try to undermine and suppress voting rights . It was n't always this way . In 1965 when President Johnson realized that the previous year 's Civil Rights Act was not enough , that the country needed a Voting Rights Act to protect the rights of citizens -- particularly blacks and minorities -- he called on the minority leader , Republican Sen. Everett Dirksen of Illinois , for help . Clinton helps launch push against voter ` restrictions ' Dirksen responded , and the bill passed . His words remain relevant : "  The right to vote is still an issue in this free country . There has to be a real remedy . This can not go on forever , this denial of the right to vote by ruses and devices and tests and whatever the mind can contrive to either make it very difficult or to make it impossible to vote . " We agree . That is why I am proud to be launching the Democratic National Committee 's new initiative -- the Voter Expansion Project -- where we are taking action to expand voting opportunities for all . We 're moving beyond simply protecting the vote and becoming the leader in expanding the vote . The Voter Expansion Project 's mission is clear : Ensure that every eligible citizen can register , every registered voter can vote , and every vote is accurately counted . Let me repeat that -- our mission is to ensure that every eligible citizen can register , every registered voter can vote , and every vote is accurately counted . I believe in the marketplace of ideas . I also believe that every citizen should have equal access -- through their voice and their vote . Today , too many Republicans are making it harder for working Americans , students , women , people of color and the elderly to participate in the process . In states like Ohio , North Carolina , Florida , Texas , Wisconsin and many others , we see Republican-controlled legislatures engaged in voter suppression efforts , such as curtailing early voting , requiring restrictive IDs , etc. . That 's not the American way . As Ronald Reagan said , "  For this nation to remain true to its principles , we can not allow any American 's vote to be denied , diluted or defiled . The right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties , and we will not see its luster diminished . " So as an American , I invite Independents and , yes , Republicans to join us . In fact , I ask my Republican friends -- and adversaries -- to answer Dirksen 's challenge -- "  How then shall there be government by the people if some of the people can not speak ? " Answer it as he did -- by working for the people , by trusting the people -- all the people . But let me also be clear : As a Democrat and as an American , I do n't believe we can wait . I am committed to the Voter Expansion Project because it will expand the vote by creating more access , engage more voters , protect the vote by breaking down barriers , demystify the process and make sure every vote is counted . More specifically , the Voter Expansion Project has four main goals : 1 . Voter education -- train campaign staff , volunteers and voters about the rules and regulations in order to demystify the voting experience 2 . Election administration -- work closely with election administrators to ensure they have the training and resources to conduct a fair election 3 . Legislation -- advocate for laws that improve the voting experience and increase participation 4 . Litigation -- fight laws that make registering to vote and casting a ballot more difficult to decrease participation We will work with any group that helps further those goals . In addition , the Voter Expansion Project will , on a state-by-state basis , provide a network of voter advocates and a hub of information and best practices . It will provide consulting and advice to individuals and voter advocacy groups . It will also prepare tools and reports that will provide resources for expanding the vote . Finally , it will prepare a "  Voter Bill of Rights . " Yes , the Voter Expansion Project is an initiative of the Democratic National Committee . Yes , it will utilize the DNC 's experience in voter protection and its resources for voter advocacy . But every citizen and every civic and political group should be on board with the Voter Expansion Project . Lyndon Johnson , a Texas Democrat , and Everett Dirksen , an Illinois Republican , recognized that expanding the vote benefited both parties and the country . They worked together for that . So should we . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile was inspired by Barbara Jordan to fight for voters rights She is launching a project to ensure that everyone can vote and all votes get counted Brazile : "  We 're moving beyond simply protecting the vote "
Vero Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Kaitlyn Hunt , the 19-year-old who has been jailed in Florida over a sexual relationship she had with a 14-year-old girl , pleaded no contest Thursday to five charges as part of a deal brokered by prosecutors and her attorneys . Hunt pleaded no contest to two counts of misdemeanor battery , misdemeanor contributing to the dependency of a child and two counts of felony interference with child custody . Hunt has been in jail since August 20 for violating a court order not to contact the alleged victim . Under the terms of the agreement , Hunt will be sentenced to four months in jail , to be followed by two years of house arrest with electronic monitoring , and nine months of monitored probation after that , according to prosecutor Brian Workman . If she has no violations , she will not be a convicted felon under Florida law , and she will have the possibility of sealing her file and having the case expunged after 10 years , he said . The case garnered attention as Hunt 's lawyers claimed that authorities would n't have gone after her if the situation had involved a male and a female instead of two teenage girls . But after Thursday 's court hearing , Workman said the case would have been no different if Kaitlyn was a boy . Hunt 's parents have been critical of the victim 's family for going to police over the relationship , repeating that criticism Thursday . "  If we start arresting kids for having sex or sexting , you might as well turn the high schools into prisons , " they said . The victim 's family released a statement saying it was never their intent to harm Hunt , and the case was never about gender or sexual orientation . "  It was about age-appropriate relationships and following the rules and laws of our society , " the statement said . Hunt was 18 when she was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after she was accused of having sexual relations with the girl , who was 14 . In Florida , a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to consent to sex .	Kaitlyn Hunt has been in jail since August 20 Under deal , Hunt will be sentenced to four months in jail Hunt was accused of a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old girl The case garnered national attention
CNN  -- Massive flash flooding Friday killed one person and forced the rescuing of trapped motorists and the evacuation of at least two neighborhoods in Charlotte , North Carolina , authorities said . Charlotte received 3 inches of rain , with more in some places , said city fire department spokesman Capt. Robert Brisley . The department was evacuating two neighborhoods next to flooded creeks near downtown , he said . Authorities received a call Friday afternoon about people being in McMullen Creek , which is swollen because of the rains , Brisley said . One person was able to climb out , one died and another is still missing , he said . It was not immediately clear why the people were in the creek , nor how the one person died , though Brisley said the death was flood related . Authorities and responders were carrying out at least 16 rescues of people trapped in flooded vehicles , Brisley said . The city was under a flash-flood watch . Rain began to fall about lunchtime , with one gauge registering about 5 to 6 inches about mid-afternoon , said Jennifer Frost , spokeswoman for Charlotte-Mecklenburg Storm Water Services . In her nine years of working in the area , Frost said , she "  never seen anything like this before . " "  It came down very fast , " she added . "  It got so dark downtown , it looked like night . " Parts of Interstate highways 77 , 485 and 85 were flooded and temporarily shut down during the storm , she said . One hotel lobby interior was turned into a waterfall as heavy rain accumulated on the roof and poured through light fixtures , collapsing a desktop-size section of the ceiling , according to one hotel visitor who shared his video of the spectacle with CNN . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Joe Sutton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : One person is still missing Parts of Interstate highways 77 , 485 and 85 were flooded and temporarily shut down Charlotte , North Carolina , is under a flash flood watch Massive flooding prompts the evacuation of two neighborhoods near downtown
CNN  -- In an online confession to fans , reality TV celebrity Kim Kardashian on Tuesday addressed the public reaction to her pending divorce . The divorce paperwork was filed Monday , 72 days after her "  Fairytale Wedding " to NBA player Kris Humphries , which was documented for an E! television special . "  First and foremost , I married for love . I ca n't believe I even have to defend this , " she blogged on her website . In the posting , Kardashian talked about the pressures of reality television , saying she had a difficult time making the decision to film her wedding . "  I got caught up with the hoopla and the filming of the TV show that when I probably should have ended my relationship , I did n't know how to and did n't want to disappoint a lot of people , " the post said . Though Kardashian says she accepts full responsibility for her actions , many have tried her in the court of public opinion . Blogs and social media posts have called for a boycott of shows featuring Kardashian and her family . The Kardashian family brand was built on openness , she wrote in her note . "  These were all real moments . That 's what makes us who we are , " she wrote . "  We share , we give , we love and we are open ! "	Kardashian addressed public reaction to her split with husband Kris Humphries "  I ca n't believe I even have to defend this , " said the reality star , who said she married for love
From his cell in a maximum security prison , terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui is reviving old allegations and making new ones against al Qaeda and a handful of Saudi royals . The 46-year old French national is claiming that Saudi Embassy officials were involved in a plot to shoot down Air Force One to assassinate Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton during a trip to the United Kingdom . Moussaoui says he met with a Secret Service agent several months ago and told him what he knew . CNN has reached out to the Secret Service for comment . In two handwritten letters filed this month in federal court in New York and Oklahoma , Moussaoui claimed that , during the time he was taking flying lessons in Norman , Oklahoma , he met with a Saudi prince and princess and that she "  gave me money , " and provided funding for 9/11 hijackers . Lawyers for the Saudi government have repeatedly denied connections , maintaining Saudi Arabia was cleared by the 9/11 Commission . Moussaoui , who suffers from mental illness , is in the supermax federal prison in Florence , Colorado , and is eight years into a life sentence , having pleaded guilty to terrorism and murder conspiracy in connection with the September 11 , 2001 , terror hijackings . Moussaoui claims in both letters that he was attacked in prison on orders of terrorist Ramzi Yousef , who Moussaoui says tried to stop him from testifying against the Saudis . Yousef , a convicted terrorist , is considered the mastermind in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , and is in the same supermax prison as Moussaoui . It is unclear at this time if prisoners in the Colorado federal prison are able to communicate . Moussaoui claims he is being mistreated by prison officials in what he calls a "  campaign of harassment and intimidation . " Citing "  venue " issues , Oklahoma Magistrate Judge Shon T Erwin ruled to dismiss the case of Zacarias Moussaoui v. Federal Bureau of Prisons . The court also denied a request for appointment of counsel . A ruling is not yet available with regard to the letter he sent to a New York judge . In the letters , Moussaoui asks for new lawyers and says he wants to be moved out of the H-unit within the prison , which he calls a "  Saudi stronghold . " In exchange he says he would provide information against the Saudis . He also says he wants a warmer cell , not infested with rodents . He wants authorities to unblock his source to money so he can buy stamps to write to the inspector general . Attorneys interview Moussaoui Moussaoui reached out to a New York court , seeking lawyers for 9/11 victims , offering to provide what he believed to be important information pertaining to current 9/11 litigation , according to one of the four lead counsels , attorney Jerry Goldman . Lawyers interviewed Moussaoui in late October . The counsel believe the interview provided "  relevant " and "  critical " information pertinent to pending litigation , according to attorneys . The transcripts of the interview are being reviewed by the Department . of Justice and limited information can be shared about their contents , Goldman said . Lawyers for Saudi government deny involvement In a court document filed in September in the Southern District of New York in connection to the 9/11 terror attacks , lawyers for Saudi Arabia deny involvement , financial or otherwise , saying : "  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia had no role in the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . " The Saudis ' lawyers highlight that the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States , known as the 9/11 Commission , in 2004 found "  no evidence " ... "  the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded " either al Qaeda or the 9/11 hijackers . The original complaint , filed over 10 years ago on behalf of victims and insurance companies , targets various terrorist organizations , and alleges Saudi involvement . Lawyers want the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to be dropped from the suit , arguing they had no involvement in 9/11 attacks . The lawyers for the 9/11 families have requested extended time to reply to the motion for dismissal . "  Plaintiffs believe that Moussaoui 's sworn testimony is not only relevant , but critical to their  opposition  , " according to a court document submitted by the 9/11 lawyers . Moussaoui diagnosed with schizophrenia The expert who literally helped write the book on diagnosing mental illness testified during Moussaoui 's 2006 trial that Moussaoui is schizophrenic . Michael First , a psychiatrist who edited the latest edition of the profession 's standard diagnostic guidebook , told jurors that Moussaoui also suffers from paranoid and grandiose delusions and disorganized thinking . Both Moussaoui 's sisters , who lived in France at the time of the trial , were diagnosed with forms of schizophrenia and took drugs to control their symptoms . Moussaoui 's father at the time of the trial was hospitalized in France with bipolar disorder . Bin Laden distanced himself from Moussaoui 9/11 mastermind Osama Bin Laden at the time denied Moussaoui was part of the hijacking plot . In May 2006 , bin Laden released an audiotape in which he refutes Moussaoui 's confession by saying , "  I am the one in charge of the 19 brothers and I never assigned brother Zacarias to be with them in that mission . " Blacked out 28 pages The U.S. government commission report investigating the 9/11 attacks cleared the Saudi Arabian government of involvement in al Qaeda funding . The commission found that Saudi Arabia was a rich fundraising ground for al Qaeda , but said it had found no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior officials within the Saudi government funded al Qaeda . The Saudi government defended its nation 's record in fighting terrorism , and urged then-U.S. President George W. Bush to unseal 28 classified pages of an 800-plus-page report on intelligence surrounding the September 11 attacks to allow the Saudi government to defend itself . Bush refused the request , saying declassifying the entire report , which runs more than 800 pages , would compromise intelligence sources . Some of those still grieving the loss of family members from that horrific day are also on a mission to declassify the 28 pages from the congressional investigation into the attacks , pages specifically focused on the role of foreign governments in the al Qaeda plot . These 9/11 family members say President Barack Obama promised he would declassify those 28 pages , but now they say the White House does not even acknowledge them , or their requests .	Saudis deny connection to 9/11 attacks , note 9/11 Commission said they were n't involved Lawyers for 9/11 families say Moussaoui gave "  relevant " and "  critical " information At Moussaoui 's trial , a psychiatrist said he is schizophrenic
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The two men who claimed to have found the carcass of Bigfoot have surfaced to say : Hey , it was just a joke . Matt Whitton has been fired from his job as a police officer because of his role in the hoax . Not everyone is laughing . In an exclusive interview with CNN affiliate WSB , the two hoaxers -- car salesman Rick Dyer and now-fired police officer Matt Whitton -- said the whole situation began as a joke and then got out of hand . "  It 's just a big hoax , a big joke , " Dyer said . "  It 's Bigfoot , " Dyer explained . "  Bigfoot does n't exist . " Whitton chimed in : "  All this was a big joke . It got into something way bigger than it was supposed to be . " Watch the two men explain their "  joke " " At a news conference in California last week , the two men had stood by their claims that they had discovered Bigfoot 's corpse and had it on ice . Scientific analysis would prove it , they said . Not quite . Now the two Georgia men admit that the hairy , icy blob was an Internet-purchased Sasquatch costume stuffed with possum roadkill and slaughterhouse leftovers . Whitton and Dyer say that when they came up with the hoax , they had no idea it would become a media circus . "  It got legs and ran . It 's crazy now , " Dyer told WSB . Co-hoaxer Whitton agrees : "  It started off as some YouTube videos and a Web site . We 're all about having fun . " "  Fun " is n't exactly how Clayton County Police Chief Jeff Turner sees it . He has kicked Whitton off the police force . "  He lied on national TV , " Turner says of Whitton , "  so a defense attorney now could say , ` How do we know you 're not lying now ? ' " Whitton and Dyer had announced that they had found the body of a 7-foot-7-inch , 500-pound half-ape , half-human creature while hiking in the north Georgia mountains in June . They also said they had spotted about three similar living creatures . Still unclear is how much money Whitton and Dyer got out of the hoax . Steve Kulls , who maintains the SquatchDetective Web site and hosts a similarly named Internet radio program , first interviewed Dyer on July 28 for the radio program . On August 12 , Kulls said , Dyer and Whitton "  requested an undisclosed sum of money as an advance , expected from the marketing and promotion . " Two days later , after signing a receipt and counting the money , Dyer and Whitton showed the Searching for Bigfoot team the freezer containing what they claimed was the carcass : "  Something appearing large , hairy and frozen in ice , " Kulls wrote on the Web site . It was , as many had suspected , an ape-like costume stuffed with entrails . After the news conference last week , Dyer and Whitton disappeared from view . The truth came out over the weekend . In a Web posting this week , Kulls wrote that "  action is being instigated against the perpetrators . " The two hoaxers have hired attorney Steve Lister to represent them . "  There have been some threats made to them for both civil and criminal prosecution , " Lister said . The attorney says the Bigfoot incident "  got out of hand . " Dyer , asked whether he ever thought that the hoopla had become more than just a joke , implied that everyone should have known it was a hoax . "  Well , we told 10 different stories , " he said . "  Everyone knew we were lying . "	Two men surface to say Bigfoot hoax was just a joke Men say their idea of "  having fun " turned into something bigger than expected Attorney for men says incident "  got out of hand "
CNN  -- "  DJs are the new rock stars , " Simon Cowell recently declared when announcing that he -- along with Will Smith and Jada Pinkett-Smith -- will be developing a new reality competition to find the next great DJ talent . While the former "  American Idol " and current "  X Factor " judge is known for his provocative statements , he 's not usually wrong . And it looks like this time is no exception . One of the most anticipated races at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards this Sunday is among the dance/electronica artists , including chart-topping DJ and producer David Guetta  Black Eyed Peas ' "  I Got ta Feeling "  , festival and stadium headliner Deadmau5 , and the year 's breakout star , Skrillex . Skrillex  born Sonny Moore  , the 24-year-old dubstep producer best known for his album "  Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites , " is the first-ever DJ nominee in the best new artist category , where he 's up against Nicki Minaj , The Band Perry , Bon Iver and J. Cole . He scored a total of five Grammy nominations , more than the biggest pop acts like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry combined . "  I almost do n't even know what it means in terms of the big picture , " he recently told MTV News . "  This whole year has been insane , and these are surprises beyond my wildest fantasies because we 've come a long f -- ing way , man . People did n't believe in us and it 's pretty awesome just to get that acknowledgment . " But Skrillex admits he 's not in it for the glory . "  If I did n't get  these Grammy nominations  , I would still do the same exact thing , " the DJ said in a chat with Artisan News . If I were to win a Grammy , I just hope it opens doors to everyone else that 's amongst my peers and the people I 've grown up doing this with . " Despite his newfound success , not everyone "  gets " Skrillex . Reactions to his music range from generation-based bewilderment to genre purists ' outright hatred . "  A few hundred people might be b -- ing on a message board , but you can go to a festival and find 100,000 people dancing to my music , " he said . "  No one gives a f -- k. " In the best dance/electronica category , Skrillex 's "  Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites " will compete against Deadmau5  born Joel Zimmerman  and the house grooves of his "  4x4 = 12 " and Guetta 's "  Nothing But the Beat , " which spawned ubiquitous club songs featuring Rihanna , Usher and Nicki Minaj among others . Rounding out the nominations is artist Robyn for "  Body talk , Pt . 3 . " Those who follow the genre definitely have their thoughts . Doug Elfman from the Las Vegas Review-Journal put his chips down for Deadmau5 . "  Deadmau5 is , at this point , the big dog of DJ-producers , " Elfman wrote . "  The guy makes phenomenal songs in the studio , and he sold out to capacity this year during DJ gigs at Encore Beach Club  a fair set  and at Body English at Hard Rock  a terrific set  . " And , in another first for the genre : Guetta and Deadmau5 will be performing live in a special electronica/dance segment on the Grammys stage alongside Foo Fighters  their single "  Rope " was remixed by Deadmau5  and "  Nothing But the Beat " collaborators Lil Wayne and Chris Brown . Guetta , the veteran of the of the new crop of rock star DJs , with countless radio hits and two past Grammy wins already under his belt said , "  I 'm very happy that not only me , but also the dance community and DJ culture is getting a lot of attention in America now finally . It 's wonderful . It 's becoming a big deal and I 'm happy about it . "	One of the most anticipated races at the Grammys is among the dance/electronica artists In a first for the genre , Guetta and Deadmau5 will be performing a special electronica/dance segment Guetta : "  I 'm very happy that ... the dance community and DJ culture is getting a lot of attention "  t
As national Democrats are jumping at the chance to sink Rep. Steve Scalise , Louisiana Democrats are throwing the House majority whip a buoy . Democrats from the Bayou State , including a current congressman and two former statewide elected officials , are giving Scalise some much needed cover after his position in the Republican leadership was suddenly thrown up in the air Monday when his office confirmed an eyebrow-raising speech he gave to a David Duke-founded white supremacist group in 2002 . Former U.S. Senator Bennett Johnston , a Democrat who beat back a challenge from Duke in 1990 , said even he did n't know that EURO as "  a racist organization . " "  I may disagree with Representative Scalise but a racist he is not . Nor would he have been stupid enough to knowingly address a racist group , " Johnston said in a statement published in the Times-Picayune . "  While it is sometimes fun to see Republicans in trouble , you 'd be wrong to blame Representative Steve Scalise for being racist on account of addressing a  EURO  meeting . " Johnston is now a lobbyist in Washington , D.C. and a strong supporter of oil and gas drilling in the Gulf of Mexico . RELATED : Louisiana pols offer bipartisan backing for Steve Scalise And former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards , a Democrat who beat out Duke for the governorship in 1991 , also ran to Scalise 's defense . "  Sometimes you end up in front of these groups through no fault of your own and there are racial undertones , " said Edwards , who lost a runoff this month to serve in the House , in an interview with the New York Times . Earlier in the week , Rep. Cedric Richmond , who will be the only Louisiana Democrat left on Capitol Hill next week , fended off attacks against Scalise leveled by Democratic officials in Washington . "  I am not going to let them use Steve as a scapegoat to score political points when I know him and know his family , " Richmond , who is African-American , told the New Orleans Times-Picayune on Monday night . "  I do n't think Steve Scalise has a racist bone in his body . " But the support from those stateside Democrats has n't pushed Democrats in Washington from calling off the hounds . RELATED : GOP leadership stands by Scalise after white supremacist speech Scalise called the appearance at European-American Unity and Rights Organization  EURO  , a white supremacist group founded by Duke , a former Klu Klux Klan grand wizard , a "  mistake I regret " and said the group was one of many he addressed when he was a state senator crisscrossing the state to drum up support for a piece of legislation . "  One of the many groups that I spoke to regarding this critical legislation was a group whose views I wholeheartedly condemn , " Scalise said Tuesday in a statement . "  I am very disappointed that anyone would try to infer otherwise for political gain . " Among other Democratic spokesman in Washington , Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee National Press Secretary Josh Schwerin said the revelation about Scalise made it "  clear their leadership has a history of embracing anti-Semitic , racist hate groups . " "  Steve Scalise chose to cheerlead for a group of KKK members and neo-Nazis at a white supremacist rally and now his fellow House Republican Leaders ca n't even speak up and say he was wrong . While David Duke defends Scalise , Speaker Boehner and Leader McCarthy are refusing to condemn Scalise 's choice of allies , " Schwerin said . The fallout : What you need to know	A former Louisiana senator and governor also backed Scalise Rep. Cedric Richmond , an African American Democrat , defended Scalise earlier The backing from Bayou Democrats has n't stopped national Democrats from striking
A Philadelphia woman was indicted this week , accused of abducting a 5-year-old girl from her school by posing as her mother , raping her and leaving her barely clothed and crying at a playground . Christina Regusters was charged Monday with aggravated assault , kidnapping , involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and several other offenses in the January incident that had police searching door to door and parents clutching their children tightly . The little girl 's ordeal began January 14 when a woman wearing a burqa -- a head-to-toe covered garment with a slit for the eyes -- went to a West Philadelphia school shortly after classes started and scribbled her name on a sign-in sheet , police said . The woman did not show identification but said she was the child 's mother and wanted to take her out for breakfast . She then proceeded to the child 's classroom and asked for the girl by name . The girl was taken to a nearby house . Once inside the home , authorities say , the girl was told to remove her clothing and was given a black T-shirt to wear . She was blindfolded and forced to hide under a bed , they said . At some point , the girl , now 6 , was sexually assaulted , police say . A Good Samaritan The abduction spurred a massive search . Officers searched house to house . The city offered a $ 10,000 reward . But as night fell that Monday , the efforts to find the girl proved fruitless . The next morning , a sanitation worker walking to his workplace near a city park heard a young girl 's pleading voice . "  When I got closer , it sounded clear : ` Help , help , ' " the worker , Nelson Mandela Myers , said at a January news conference . "  When I saw her under the slide , I was shocked , " he said . "  She was there by herself and only had a shirt on . " Myers alerted police . He received the reward . Regusters was arrested the next month . She worked at a daycare that the girl attended , her lawyer Fred Harrison Jr. told CNN affiliate KYW . But , Harrison said , Regusters was not a "  major participant " in the incident -- but did not elaborate . Questions raised The abduction raised questions about the Philadelphia 's school district protocol . Policy requires anyone signing out a student to go to the main office and provide identification that matches a list of approved individuals , school officials said . "  It 's disturbing that an adult is able to walk into a classroom and have the teacher release the child without knowing who the adult is , " Fernando Gallard , a school district spokesman said at the time . The family attorney , Tom Kline , says more people need to be charged . "  We look forward to the day when all those involved in this heinous crime against an innocent , precious child will be brought to justice , " Kline said .	The girl was abducted in January , police say The family attorney says there are other suspects The girl was found the next day crying and barely clothed The incident raised questions about Philadelphia 's school security protocol
CNN  -- Tribal fighters took control of a top Yemeni city on Tuesday , a setback for an embattled government whose wounded president is hospitalized in Saudi Arabia . More than 400 tribal gunmen took over Taiz in southwest Yemen , witnesses there said . Government forces have been regrouping in an effort to re-enter the city . Yemen 's government has faced international criticism for excessive use of force against anti-regime protesters and the deaths of anti-government demonstrators in Taiz . Are you in Yemen ? Share your photos and videos from the scene , but please stay safe . Meanwhile , President Ali Abdullah Saleh was in Saudi Arabia Tuesday , recovering from burns over 40 % of his body and a collapsed lung , a U.S. government official briefed on the matter said . Whether he will return to Yemen remained uncertain . Saleh was wounded Friday in an attack at his presidential compound . An Arab diplomatic source with knowledge of Saleh 's condition said one shrapnel wound was 7 centimeters  2.75 inches  deep . Fighting between government and tribal forces has been raging in the capital of Sanaa , where thousands of anti-government protesters have been pressuring Saleh to give up power since January . And there has been unrest elsewhere . At least 15 people were killed in Abyan Monday night and Tuesday morning in clashes between Islamic militants and security forces , according to a security source in Abyan . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has a presence in the southern province of Abyan , a U.S. official said . It 's also home to an Islamic militant movement that has targeted government troops in recent days . The Abyan dead include nine soldiers , four militants and two civilians in Zinjibar and other suburbs in the province , according to the source , who asked to not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . There was also violence along the Saudi-Yemeni border , where there have long been concerns of infiltration by militants . A man trying to cross into Yemen from Saudi Arabia early Tuesday fatally shot two security officers and wounded another , the state-run Saudi Press Agency said Tuesday . The man , described as an "  infiltrator " who tried to cross the metal-and-sand barriers at the border , fired at the security officers when they approached him , the agency said . Security personnel tracked the man and he was killed in an exchange of fire , it added . The turmoil in Yemen peaked Friday , when a mosque in Saleh 's presidential compound was attacked . Yemen 's state-run news agency SABA , citing a source in Saleh 's office , reported last week that three guards and an imam were killed . Western diplomats said the attack came from a bomb . Yemeni investigations are "  focusing on what happened inside the mosque , " not a rocket or mortar attack , diplomats said Monday . One diplomat said the attack was not a suicide bombing and that the Yemeni investigation was ongoing . The description of the attack as a bombing differs from what a Yemeni official told CNN last week . The official , who asked not to be identified , said that Saleh was in the mosque when two "  projectiles " were fired during Friday prayers . Supporters of Sadeq Al-Ahmar , leader of the Hashed tribe and an opponent of the Yemeni government , were suspected in the attack . In response , Yemeni security forces shelled Al-Ahmar 's home Friday , killing 10 people and wounding 35 others , according to Fawzi Al-Jaradi , an official with the Hashed tribal confederation . After Saleh was taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment , the tribal leader and Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi -- Yemen 's interim leader -- agreed on a cease-fire , said Abdulqawi Al-Qaisi , spokesman for the Hashed leader . Yemen 's largest opposition bloc has vowed to prevent Saleh from returning . "  The Yemeni people will do all in their power to not allow Saleh to re-enter the country , " Joint Meeting Parties spokesman Mohammed Qahtan said Sunday . A U.S. government official said Monday he could not imagine the Saudis letting Saleh return . He said it was critical that the Saudis press Saleh to accept a Gulf Cooperation Council deal offering him immunity in exchange for stepping down . Saudi state-run Ekhbariya television reported Monday that Saleh had undergone two operations in Saudi Arabia and would return to Yemen after he recovers . A U.S. official told CNN Monday that the unrest makes U.S. counterterrorism efforts in Yemen "  more difficult . " "  We rely on the Yemeni government as partners , " the official said . "  The more the government is distracted by the political unrest , the more difficult it is for us . " The Yemeni government has had a "  big impact on acquiring information on AQAP , " the official said , referring to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . "  If that information flow slows or stops , it inhibits our ability to gather information . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Elise Labott , Pam Benson , Tim Lister and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	After rebel gunmen take over Taiz , witnesses say , government forces try to regroup Saleh is in Saudi Arabia for treatment after being wounded A U.S. official says the unrest in Yemen makes counterterrorism efforts "  more difficult "
CNN  -- Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti has dismissed reports he is about to quit the English Premier League champions . Newspaper speculation on Monday claimed the Italian was on the verge of walking out of Stamford Bridge after a turbulent few weeks at the London club . Chelsea have lost three of their last four matches and the club sacked Ancelotti 's assistant Ray Wilkins earlier this month , sparking speculation over his position . It had been claimed the 51-year-old contacted the League Managers ' Association on Sunday night to discuss his position . But at a press conference ahead of Chelsea 's Champions League tie with Slovakian side MSK Zilina on Tuesday , Ancelotti said the rumors were "  totally untrue " . "  I do n't know if it is enough to clarify my position today to close this rumor and speculation , " began the 51-year-old . "  These rumors are totally untrue , I do n't know why this rumor came out today in the papers . "  The LMA  League Managers ' Association  called me last night to understand what was happening , but I was at home . These rumors are totally untrue . "  I have my contract until 2012 here in this club , I said a lot of times I would like to stay here , that I love this club , I love these players and have a lot of confidence in these players and this squad so there is no reason to change my idea . "  I said before my aim is to stay in this club , this country , this atmosphere for a long time . I think it depends on me . In the last year I did a good job and this year I would like to do the same . My aim is to stay here , I do n't want to say like Ferguson because I think it is impossible , but my aim is this . I would like to stay here . " The departure of Wilkins , who played for the club for six years , coupled with a poor run of form has put pressure on Ancelotti , even though Chelsea remain top of the Premier League table . But the Italian , who led former club AC Milan to two Champions League titles , insisted the scrutiny that comes with his job is something he enjoys . "  There is no reason to think about my position . My position is very clear , I am the coach and I have to train my players and maintain the club to the best level , " he added . "  This moment is not so good on the pitch and we have to do better there , we have to stay in focus on this because this is the problem . The problem is on the pitch . "  I had a lot of experience in my career , every year is the same . Sometimes the coach is in trouble because the team does n't reach the results , but this is my life and I like this life . "	Carlo Ancelotti has dismissed reports he is set to quit English champions Chelsea Italian coach says rumors of his departure are "  totally untrue " Newspaper reports claimed Ancelotti was on the brink of resigning Chelsea are struggling for form after losing three of their last four matches
CNN  -- While all eyes were on Rome for the election of a new pope , for Catholics , the importance of the event went beyond an impressive spectacle . Pope Francis , previously known as Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio from Argentina , will now be the spiritual and moral leader for more than 1.2 billion Catholics across the world . Already , he has given a clear sense of how his tenure will be more distinct from his retired predecessor , asking first for the audience 's prayers instead of giving a blessing , and choosing his name in honor of St. Francis of Assisi , who humbly dedicated his life to aiding the less fortunate . 5 things to know about the new pope Now some Catholics are taking a more introspective look at their church and pondering what the pope should focus on . From returning to a simpler message to welcoming women -- and gay-friendly views , here are some of the top priorities from Catholics around the world : Rethink the church 's -- and his -- position on gay rights The issue of gay rights has proved deeply controversial within the Catholic Church , and led to accusations from activists that it remains mired in the past rather than looking toward a more inclusive future . Josep Prat Vinolas from Spain thinks the new pope and the church need to rethink their position on gay rights and gay marriage . Catholics : Tell us your views on the new pope Pope Francis once called the Argentine government support for a bill on gay marriage "  an attempt to destroy God 's plan , " but Vinolas says the new pope bears the responsibility of opening the eyes of the church to other views , even if he is conservative . "  There are gays who are Catholics . I 'm not saying -LSB- for him -RSB- to accept that , but not to compare it with evil , " he said . "  I think he could say that he respects different people and that the house of God is the house of all . " Bring much needed reform The U.S. has been at the forefront of some of the worst scandals wracking the church in recent years , over the sexual abuse of children by men of the cloth . American iReporter and committed Catholic Jannet Walsh wants action . " -LSB- The church must -RSB- clean up , resolve and prevent future scandals , " said the Minnesota resident . "  The world has heard enough on this subject and wants to move on . " Walsh was also one of the first people to point out the importance of the name Francis , arguing the move was "  very telling " because of the medieval Italian saint 's emphasis on rebuilding the church , love of the poor , and adeptness at reconciliation . "  A charismatic or people 's pope might just be just what the people need to be inspired in their faith and bring joy into their -LSB- lives -RSB- , " she argued . Open up the church to women Meanwhile , 50 % of the world 's Catholics remain excluded from the highest echelons of the church because of their sex -- and Filipino Rummel Pinera says it 's time the church acknowledged the importance of women in its history , and its future . Legend of female pope endures "  We 're living in a world that has become a global village , -LSB- and -RSB- in this global village of ours , women now ca n't just be fence-sitters or nannies , " he said . "  Women now know that they were created as co-equal of men . " He also observes that , to solve the issue of dwindling priest numbers in some parts of the world , the church could make the issue of celibacy for priests optional . He also emphasized that the church could no longer stick to the status quo . "  The Roman Catholic Church should become dynamic in this age , so that it can maintain the loyalty of its flocks and win many souls for God , " he said . Stop powerful nations from bullying the smaller ones Pope Francis 's election was unique in many ways , not least because of his background -- he 's the first Latin American pope to lead the church in its history . The cardinals ' decision to pick a man from a diverse and rapidly rising continent sparked hope amongst many Catholics of a new mindset amongst the powers that be in the Vatican , one that takes emerging powers more seriously . In Nigeria , Catholic bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah , who ministers to Sokoto in the northwest of the country , was "  delighted " to hear that a Latin American pope had been elected by the cardinals in Rome , because he was not from Western powers who had dominated the papacy for so long . What Africans want from the next pope "  I pray that a pope from out of Europe will help to tame and reverse all the tendencies of the super powers towards weaker nations , -LSB- such as -RSB- arrogance , greed and caprice , " he said . And Cesar Sotolongo , originally from Florida but currently in Lima , Peru , explains that the Latin American way of doing things in a more accommodating manner , rather than the Western-driven methods of leadership , would prove positive for the church , and its followers . "  A person from Latin America thinks in a collective manner rather than individually because society is structured like that , " he reflects . "  A Latin American pope brings a message of hope for today 's society . " Keep it simple ! Sotolongo had another piece of advice for the church -- open up and become more approachable , and you may attract a new wave of followers . And if they 're looking for inspiration -- Pope Francis 's own austere style of living and worship already set a perfect example . "  The pope should shape the church with what he has been doing during his career -LSB- as an example -RSB- , " he said . "  Stay in contact with the people , communicate clearly , promote the unification of faith and ... and represent the word of Jesus . " Meanwhile in Zagreb , Croatia , Ivan Klindic says the pope , and the church , need to rely less on the trappings of wealth and more on helping those in need . "  The pope needs to be more modest , to show that the Vatican is n't based only on money , " he said . And for Martina Lunardelli in Italy , her message for the new pope was even more succinct : Keep it simple . "  I think that the church needs to go back to a simple message which is to love each other and not care about what religion we are or what we believe in , " she said . "  I hope he can do this . "	Catholics from Croatia to Peru gave their top priorities for the pope to lead on Progressive , developing world issues at a premium among iReporters ` Keep ' it simple , advised many on the message of the pope and church
Washington  CNN  -- A new poll Tuesday showed voters are willing to give Mitt Romney a fresh look now that he is the certain Republican presidential nominee , and the former Massachusetts governor picked up public backing from the top GOP leaders in the House and Senate . The good news came as Romney 's campaign offered a mild rebuke to right-wing rocker Ted Nugent 's for his latest inflammatory rhetoric against President Barack Obama , seeking a middle ground between condoning divisive language and alienating conservatives who like Nugent 's firebrand politics . Obama , meanwhile , unveiled a new plan to limit oil market speculation as a way to address high gas prices angering Americans as the campaign for the November election heats up . The CNN/ORC International poll showed that Romney 's popularity is starting to rebound now that the divisiveness of the Republican primaries appears to be all but over . According to the survey , 44 % of people questioned said they have a favorable view of Romney , up 10 points from February , while 43 % said they have an unfavorable opinion , down 11 points , and 13 % were unsure . According to the poll , 53 % of Americans plan to give Romney a second look when the primaries are officially over , with 45 % saying they already know enough about Romney to decide whether he would be a good president . The survey indicates Romney 's popularity still lags well behind Obama 's : 56 % have a favorable view of the president , with 42 % saying they see Obama in a negative light . "  The Republican Party 's favorable rating has also rebounded now that the nomination fight is all but over , from 35 % in March to 41 % , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  That still puts the GOP several points behind the Democratic party 's 46 % rating , but it is an indication that the wounds have started to heal from the primary season . " CNN Poll : Romney 's favorable rating rebounds Both House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said Tuesday they back Romney 's nomination . The statements a few hours apart were intended to show growing Republican support for Romney despite mistrust among some conservatives over his moderate policies when he was Massachusetts governor . "  I will be proud to support Mitt Romney and do everything I can to help him win , " Boehner told reporters after he met with House Republicans to discuss the November election . Romney still needs several hundred delegates to formally secure the GOP nomination , but the withdrawal from the race last week by his main conservative challenger , Rick Santorum , left Romney 's path unobstructed . McConnell later told reporters he also is backing Romney , which is no surprise but represents a formal endorsement after the Kentucky senator previously said Romney would be the party 's nominee and "  an excellent candidate . " Nugent , another Romney supporter , raised eyebrows this weekend when he said at an NRA convention that if Obama wins re-election in November , "  I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year . " He accused the government of "  wiping its ass with the Constitution " and labeled members of the Obama administration , including the vice president , attorney general and secretary of state , "  criminals . " "  We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November , " Nugent said . Responding to the comments by Nugent , who announced his support for Romney last month , campaign spokeswoman Andrea Saul said : "  Divisive language is offensive no matter what side of the political aisle it comes from . " "  Mitt Romney believes everyone needs to be civil , " Saul added . Her reaction followed a call from Democratic National Committee Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida for Romney to denounce comments she called "  despicable , deplorable and completely beyond the pale . " "  Romney 's surrogates should know better than to rally the troops with outrageous rhetoric that is unacceptable in our political debate , " Wasserman Schultz said in a statement . Obama said Tuesday that the new measures he announced to limit speculation in oil markets will make amends to consumers for congressional Republicans blocking an end to subsidies for oil corporations . "  A few weeks ago , Congress had the chance to stand up for families already paying an extra premium at the pump , but congressional Republicans voted to keep spending billions of Americans ' hard-earned tax dollars on more unnecessary subsidies for big oil companies , " Obama said in his announcement in the Rose Garden . "  So here 's a chance to make amends . " Senate Republicans three weeks ago blocked a Democratic measure championed by Obama to end tax breaks for the major oil companies , which he said are enjoying record profits . Four Democrats crossed party lines to vote against the bill , but even if it had passed the Senate , it was given little chance in the Republican-controlled House . Obama 's proposal would require traders to put up more of their own money for transactions . It also would ask for more funding for market enforcement and monitoring , and increase penalties for manipulating markets . Obama and Republicans have drawn lines over oil prices since they started to rise to near-record levels earlier this year . Republicans say Obama has n't done enough to stem the rise and advocate opening up more areas for drilling and approving projects like the Keystone XL pipeline , which would carry oil from Canada to refineries in Texas . But analysts say such measures would have little effect on the current price of oil and gasoline . Most Americans blame big oil for the spike in prices -- a recent CNN/ORC International poll showed that the majority blamed the oil companies while 24 % blamed Obama and 21 % blamed Republican policies . CNN poll : Gender gap and likeability keep Obama over Romney Obama 's announcement came a day after one of the elements of his tax policy was blocked by Republicans in the Senate . The so-called Buffett Rule -- named after billionaire Warren Buffett , who says the tax rate he pays should be no lower than that of his secretary -- failed to get the necessary 60 votes to go to the Senate floor . The measure would have raised the minimum tax rate to 30 % for those making more than $ 1 million a year . Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said that Obama , by pushing the Buffett Rule , shows that the incumbent is "  out of ideas " on the economy . Speaking to the Tax Day Tea Summit in Philadelphia on Monday night , Romney cited a calculation that the measure , which would have raised the minimum tax rate to 30 % for those making between $ 1 million and $ 2 million , would have paid for "  11 hours of government . " "  This is not exactly a grand idea , " Romney said . "  This is a man who is out of ideas , he 's out of excuses and in 2012 we 're going to make sure he gets put out of office . " However , a CNN/ORC poll released Monday found that seven in 10 respondents said they favored the bill . Romney 's wife , Ann , was to be the guest of honor later Tuesday at a birthday celebration/fundraiser being held for her by Donald Trump 's wife , Melania , at the couple 's residence in Trump Tower in New York . Trump spokesman Michael Cohen said about 400 people were invited to the event , which was expected to bring in "  well in excess " of $ 600,000 . Cohen said Trump will stop by the fundraiser to wish Ann Romney , who turned 63 on Monday , a happy birthday and he expects to host another fundraiser for the campaign at Trump Tower once Romney officially clinches the nomination . First lady Michelle Obama will also be raising cash on Tuesday . She will speak at a Democratic National Committee event in Nashville , followed by two DNC fundraisers in Pittsburgh . Romney could cross paths with the first lady when he holds a midday campaign roundtable at a community center in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bethel Park . Pro-Obama super PAC to hit Romney on taxes CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves and CNN 's Tom Cohen , John Helton , Gabriella Schwarz and Shawna Shepherd contributed to this report .	NEW : Speaker Boehner , Sen. McConnell formally endorse Mitt Romney 's candidacy NEW : A new CNN/ORC poll shows voters are willing to give Romney another look Obama says oil speculation crackdown makes up for big oil subsidies Romney says Obama 's pushing Buffett Rule shows he 's "  out of ideas "
CNN  -- Four gang members potentially face life in prison without parole after being convicted Friday of using violence and intimidation to extort "  rents " from drug dealers and suppliers on their Los Angeles turf , a federal prosecutor 's office said . This scheme ended up claiming the life of a 3-week old baby , who was shot in a stroller by gang members targeting a street vendor who refused to pay $ 50 to members of Columbia Lil ' Cycos , a "  clique " of the 18th Street gang , said the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Central California in a press release . The street vendor , who was next to the stroller at the of the September 15 , 2007 incident , was shot four times but survived . A total of 43 Columbia Lil ' Cycos "  members and associates " were charged in 2009 with being part of the broader scheme , in which an attorney Isaac Guillen laundered more than $ 1.3 million in drug and extortion funds that went toward that gang unit and Mexican Mafia member Francisco "  Puppet " Martinez . Some 37 of those have been found guilty , after Friday 's conviction of 35-year-old Eduardo Hernandez , 31-year-old Vladimir Iraheta ; 31-year-old Leonidas Iraheta , and 35-year-old Javier Perez . A jury found these four guilty Friday "  of a host of federal offenses " after an eight-week trial . They are set to be sentenced in September . "  The members of the 18th Street Gang , including those convicted today , thought that they controlled neighborhoods and territory within this city , " U.S. Attorney AndrÃ © Birotte Jr. said . "  Today 's verdicts prove otherwise , and law enforcement at every level will work together to continue to make our streets safe . " Prosecutors argued that Columbia Lil ' Cycos pressured "  narcotics suppliers and street dealers " to give them money -- typically , a cut of their sales -- in order to hawk drugs in an area adjoining MacArthur Park in the Westlake district of Los Angeles . Besides authorization to sell drugs , the "  rent " money paid for "  protection from rivals . " And if they did n't pay , they 'd be punished . According to evidence presented in court , Hernandez as well as Vladimir and Leonidas Iraheta made "  thousands of dollars a week extorting the street vendors , " the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . After the baby 's death , Columbia Lil ' Cycos leaders ordered the shooter in that incident be kidnapped . He was sent to Mexico and was , in a remote area , the victim of a strangulation attempt . "  But unbeknownst to the would-be killers , the shooter survived the attack , " the prosecutor 's office said .	4 Columbia Lil ' Cycos gang members are convicted in a federal court in California They could face life in prison without parole , a U.S. Attorney 's office says They used violence and intimidation to extort money from L.A. street drug vendors A baby was killed when one such vendor was shot at , for not paying the "  rent "
CNN  I remember the day I stopped praying . It was the day after my little brother , Jimmy , died of cancer . He was 25 . I was so angry at God . I was 27 at the time , and , like most young people I had stopped going to church . But , on that day -- that terrible day -- I desperately needed to understand why God took my brother . I called the nearest Catholic church , looking for a priest . A lady picked up the phone . "  Can I talk with Father ? " I asked . I wish I could say her answer was "  yes . " Instead , she asked me if I was a member of that particular parish . "  Does it matter ? " I asked .  At the time I lived far from my home parish .  I do n't remember how she responded , but the answer about my being able to see Father was clearly no . I do n't know if all Catholic churches would have shut me out , but I figured , at the time , it was part of the long list of rules the Vatican required Catholic leaders to follow . I cried for a bit , then decided I would never ask God for anything . Clearly , his conduits on Earth did not have time for me -- a lifelong Catholic -- and sinner -- so why would he ? Ever since , I 've considered myself a lapsed Catholic . Until Pope Francis . There is something about Francis that 's reawakened my faith . And it 's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church . He still argues against things I passionately support , but I find myself -- like many other lapsed Catholics -- enthralled . Recently I had the pleasure of meeting one of the Pope 's newly appointed cardinals . His name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix . The 57-year-old presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City . One of my first questions : What is it about Pope Francis ? "  Every person is a mystery you know . ... But what 's evident is this man is living with such freedom , such inner freedom . He 's himself . He 's in tune with the Lord , " Lacroix told me . "  Those close to him say he 's up close to 4 in the morning to prepare his daily Mass , which is at 7 in the morning on the weekdays . So that 's almost three hours of prayer , preparation and silence before the Lord and the word of God . Wow , that really fine-tunes you to start off a day . " Perhaps that 's how the Pope stays humble . Why he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled , women and those of other faiths . Why he ordered showers to be built for the poor in St. Peter 's Square . All of this is appealing , but it 's more than that . In my mind , it 's his tone . When Pope Francis said , "  If a person is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will , who am I to judge ? " The comment took me aback . Homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican , yet Pope Francis uttered those welcoming words . Lacroix likened the Pope 's approach to Jesus . "  Jesus did n't judge . Jesus did not come as a judge . He came as someone who preached and talked about the love of God . " Those kinds of answers are so different in my experience , but I understand why more conservative Catholics worry . If the Pope does not judge , then who will tell us who is a sinner and who is not ? "  I hear that sometimes , too , " Lacroix told me . "  I think Pope Francis is conservative in the right way . You have to be conservative enough to come back to what is the foundation : that 's the Gospel . You can not reproach Pope Francis of not living the Gospel , or not preaching the truth of the Gospel . " But is n't homosexuality a sin in the eyes of the church ? "  There is room for everyone . The door is open , " Cardinal Lacroix insisted . "  Of course you know that the Catholic Church will never promote same sex marriage , but do we respect homosexual persons ? Do we welcome them ? Do we accompany them ? Of course . But to respect the Church and its teaching , which is based on a long tradition and also the word of God , we will not go so far as to bless . But that does n't mean we reject . " That last sentiment -- "  that does n't mean we reject . " -- did it for me . I finally understood why Pope Francis reawakened my faith . I always felt my church would reject me for committing the smallest of sins . Like calling a priest at a church that was not my home parish . Like not covering my head with a traditional veil at Easter . Like accidentally eating meat on Holy Friday . Like supporting the use of contraception . But as Lacroix told me , Jesus walked with sinners until the very end . He did not banish them to fires of hell , for He refused to give up on anyone . The Cardinal 's last words to me : "  I 'm trying to do my best on  the  local level -- to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing . To see how we can today respond to those needs . I want people to see me , and the church , as an open heart to grow together . Not a church that 's imposing -- we have nothing to impose -- we have someone to propose : the Lord Jesus and his Gospel . " I ca n't wait to go church next Sunday . And , yes , I will bow my head and pray for forgiveness , and if I 'm worthy , Christ 's love .	There is something about Pope Francis that 's reawakened her faith , say CNN 's Carol Costello Meeting Cardinal Gerald Lacroix of Quebec showed how the Pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision , Costello writes
CNN  -- South Korea 's Lee Jung-Su confirmed his reputation as the top men 's short-track speedskater at the 2010 Winter Olympics with his second gold medal on Saturday night , while American Apolo Anton Ohno snatched a place in the history books with a last-gasp bronze . That thrilling 1,000-meter final capped an action-packed ninth day of the Vancouver Games , as Swiss ski-jumper Simon Ammann made history with his second gold medal and Americans Lindsey Vonn and Shani Davis missed out on double titles in skiing and speedskating . The U.S. still ended the day with a table-topping six gold medals , having failed to add to their tally , with Norway on five and South Korea joining Germany , Canada and Switzerland on four . Lee Jung-Su followed up his victory from the 1,500 m event in an Olympic record time of one minute 23.747 seconds , with his compatriot Lee Ho-Suk winning silver in 1:23.801 to earn some consolation after being disqualified for causing a crash on the final lap of the longer race . Ohno  1:24.128  denied hosts Canada a medal when he surged past world record-holder Charles Hamelin  1:24.329  on the final lap to become the most decorated American Winter Olympian with a record-breaking seventh medal . The 27-year-old overhauled Bonnie Blair as his country 's top medal winner , having won silver in the 1,500 m. Hamelin 's brother Francois finished last in the five-man final . Ski-jumping Ammann became the first ski-jumper to win four individual gold medals at Winter Olympics when he leaped to victory in the large hill event at Whistler to follow up his normal hill title and match his feat at Salt Lake City in 2002 . It was also the first time any ski-jumper has won both events twice , and made him Switzerland 's most-decorated athlete in any Olympics , winter or summer . The 28-year-old , dubbed the "  Harry Potter of ski-jumping " after his 2002 heroics due to his likeness to J.K. Rowling 's boy wizard , smashed the Olympic record of 141 meters when he set a distance of 144m in his first round in the afternoon for a points total of 144.7 . He then cleared 138m in the final round for a tally of 283.6 as he headed off normal hill silver medallist Adam Malyz of Poland by 15.3 points . Austria 's Gregor Schlierenzauer picked up his second bronze medal to ensure the podium remained unchanged from last Saturday 's event , finishing on 262.2 points . Alpine skiing Andrea Fischbacher denied downhill champion Lindsey Vonn a double in women 's alpine skiing speed events when she claimed a surprise victory in the super-G . The 24-year-old Fischbacher won Austria 's second gold medal at the Vancouver Games after beating Vonn 's time , with Slovenia 's Tina Maze then pushing the American into the bronze position . Vonn , who crashed out super-combined , had gone top in the event -- which features gates spaced further apart than the giant slalom and slalom disciplines -- with a time of one minute 20.88 seconds . But Fischbacher trumped that in convincing style with a sizzling 1:20.14 and Maze then claimed her first Olympic medal with 1:20.63 . Fischbacher had previously won only one World Cup event , a super-G two years ago . "  I was just thinking if I make a really good run and do my best I can beat her -LSB- Vonn -RSB- , " she told reporters . "  Everything was perfect and I skied really fast . It was a dream . " Vonn , the super-G World Cup champion for the past two seasons , indicated that she had been guilty of not going full-tilt for the entire run . "  I really attacked . I skied all those difficult sections really well . After I got passed those sections I kind of eased off the gas pedal , " she said . Speedskating The 27-year-old Davis , who became the first man to defend the 1,000-meter title on Wednesday , had to again settle for silver in the 1,500 m event on Saturday as the U.S. team failed to add to a leading tally of six gold medals in 2010 . Dutchman Mark Tuitert , who was fifth in the shorter event , claimed a shock gold as he set the fastest time of 1:45.57 to earn his first individual medal of any kind since winning silver in the 1,500 m at the 2004 and 2005 world championships . Davis , the Turin 2006 runner-up , was 0.53 seconds adrift while Norway 's long-distance specialist Havard Bokko took the bronze . China 's Zhou Yang claimed the women 's 1,500-meter short-track gold medal after setting an Olympic record time in the final . Zhou clocked 2:16.993 to comfortably head off South Koreans Lee Eun-Byul and Park Seung-Hi in second and third respectively . Cross-country skiing Marcus Hellner gave Sweden a second gold medal in the cross-country skiing program , and third overall , winning the men 's 30-kilometer pursuit title to follow up compatriot Charlotte Kalla 's triumph in the ladies ' 10 km free event on Monday . The 24-year-old 's time of one hour 15 minutes 11.4 seconds put him just 2.1 seconds ahead of Germany 's Tobias Angerer , who was also runner-up at the 2007 world championships . Johan Olsson claimed a bronze for Sweden to add to his relay third-placing at the 2006 Turin Games , finishing 2.8 seconds behind Hellner . Ice hockey Switzerland defeated Norway 5-4 in overtime to move into third place in Group A of the men 's ice hockey competition . Romano Lemm scored nearly two-and-half-minutes into extra time to leave Norway bottom with three defeats from three despite a hat-trick on Saturday from Tore Vikingstad . First-placed United States will take on second-placed Canada on Sunday to decide the group , with the winner receiving a bye into the quarterfinal stage . In the women 's competition , Switzerland crushed China 6-0 as Stefanie Marty scored four goals .	NEW : Lee Jung-Su confirms his reputation as top men 's short-track speedskater Korean wins second gold in 1,000 m event as Apolo Anton Ohno makes U.S. history Swiss ski-jumper Simon Ammann claims his second gold medal of Vancouver Games Andrea Fischbacher denies Lindsey Vonn a double Winter Olympic gold
For the first time , the United States is publicly accusing China and Russia of being the top offenders in the theft of U.S. economic and technology information , according to an intelligence report released Thursday . The two countries are "  trying to build their economies " on American research and development , said Robert Bryant , the National Counterintelligence Executive whose office wrote the report . That office is responsible for mounting an integrated national counterintelligence battle against foreign intelligence threats to the United States , according to its website , and must compile such a report every two years . An unclassified version of the report to Congress on Foreign Economic Collection and Industrial Espionage was released Thursday and focused primarily on the exploitation of cyberspace from 2009 to 2011 . "  U.S. private sector firms and cybersecurity specialists have reported an onslaught of computer network intrusions that have originated in China , " said the report . It noted that analysts could not pinpoint specific responsibility for many of the intrusions , but Bryant said the source of the attacks could be government intelligence services , corporations or individuals . The report was more specific about Russia . "  Russia 's intelligence services are conducting a range of activities to collect economic information and technology from U.S. targets , " it said . "  The nations of China and Russia , through their intelligence services and through their corporations , are attacking our research and development . That 's a serious issue , because if we build their economies on our information , I do n't think that is right , " Bryant said at a news conference unveiling the report . He hoped that by pointing out the problem with the two nations , it will help spur solutions . The latest intelligence community assessment comes on the heels of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers ' harsh criticism of what he referred to as China 's "  predatory campaign " of stealing U.S. intellectual property . Last month , Rogers said the cyber attacks against the United States had reached "  an intolerable level " and were harming U.S. national security . In a statement released Thursday , Rogers said the report "  once again underscores the need for America 's allies across Asia and Europe to join forces to pressure Beijing to end this illegal behavior . " But foreign economic espionage against the United States is n't limited to China and Russia . The report indicates cyber attacks against America have come from dozens of other countries , but it does n't name those nations . The cost to both national security and private business is said to be considerable but difficult to quantify . Bryant said U.S. companies and the U.S. government produce approximately $ 400 billion of research and development each year . Depending on whose figures you go by , the losses each year range from $ 2 billion to as much as $ 400 billion -- estimates that Bryant called "  meaningless . " The report broadly states that if a hostile nation such as Iran or North Korea illegally obtains U.S. technology with military applications , it could endanger American lives . The FBI has prosecuted a number of espionage cases involving private companies , in which the economic impact was cited . The report gives the example of the Valspar Corporation , where an employee downloaded proprietary paint formulas that he planned to take to a job in China . The theft was valued at $ 20 million , representing one-eighth of Valspar 's annual profit . Tackling the problem is n't easy . Sean Noonan , a tactical analyst for Stratfor , said private companies are often reluctant to report such attacks to the government . "  It 's a business issue for these companies . If it goes public , they 've seen in the past that it could hurt them , hurt their business more and more , " said Noonan . He also noted the privacy issues that inevitably arise when the government is involved in cyberdefense measures . Another difficult issue is how much information the government can provide to private industries about cyber attacks without compromising secrets . Roger Kubarych , the national intelligence officer for economic issues with the National Intelligence Council , admitted it 's a problem . "  There are going to be limits on how much information and expertise and knowledge the government and its expertise agencies can share with the private sector , but there 's more available than there was , " said Kubarych . A senior U.S. intelligence official , who briefed journalists on the report on the condition of anonymity , said a public-private partnership is the key . "  There needs to be improved threat reporting by industry , cyber and there needs to be communication back by the government to industry as to best practices and how to prevent the theft of significant economic issues , " the official said . The outlook is n't particularly bright . According to the report , Russia and China will continue to lead the pack in attacking U.S. systems . "  We judge that the governments of China and Russia will remain aggressive and capable collectors of sensitive U.S. economic information and technologies , particularly in cyberspace , " it said . But the report also warns that changing economic and political developments around the world could lead other nations to steal U.S. economic secrets . There 's also the threat of disgruntled insiders within corporations or government agencies leaking sensitive information to activists , who publicly release the information , much like the dissemination of confidential State Department cables on the website WikiLeaks .	Bryant hopes the report will spark solutions China and Russia are singled out as top offenders in industrial espionage report Many cyberattacks are coming from China , report says Other countries area also conducting foreign economic espionage against U.S.
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Cinco de Mayo -- the unofficial U.S. holiday long believed to have been imported , with celebratory beer , from Mexico -- is n't a Mexican holiday at all but rather an American one created by Latinos in the West during the Civil War , according to new research by a California professor . Conventional thinking has held that the holiday -- now a commercial juggernaut -- may have grown out of the mass migrations from the bloody Mexican Revolution of the 1910s or even during Chicano Power activism of the 1960s , University of California at Los Angeles Professor David Hayes-Bautista said . But on the 150th anniversary of the holiday , Hayes-Bautista is announcing that he happened upon the true origins of Cinco de Mayo -- the 5th of May -- after poring over Spanish-language newspapers in California from the mid-1800s while working on another research project . Cinco de Mayo must-haves Cinco de Mayo does indeed mark a Mexican military victory over the invading French army on May 5 , 1862 , but it 's celebrated more in the United States because in 1862 , U.S. Latinos of Mexican heritage parlayed the victory as a rallying cry that the Union could also win the Civil War . That 's because the French sympathized with the Confederacy , and Hispanics sided with the Union in its fight against slavery and elitism , Hayes-Bautista said . France sought to impose a monarchy over democratic Mexico while U.S. foreign power weakened during the War Between the States . Savor ` the Mexico I know ' Hayes-Bautista , a UCLA professor of medicine whose family lore holds his great-great grandfather fought in the famous Cinco de Mayo battle , has just published a new book on the discovery , "  El Cinco de Mayo : An American Tradition , " which one historian also at UCLA describes as "  of great significance . " Hayes-Bautista was culling Spanish-language newspapers in California and Oregon for vital statistics from the 1800s when he noticed how the Civil War and Cinco de Mayo battle were intertwined . He researches the epidemiology and demography of Latinos in California because he 's director of UCLA 's Center for the Study of Latino Health and Culture . "  I 'm seeing how in the minds of the Spanish-reading public in California that they were basically looking at one war with two fronts , one against the Confederacy in the east and the other against the French in the south , " Hayes-Bautista said in an interview with CNN . "  In Mexico today , Cinco de Mayo means the Mexican army defeated the French army , " he continued . "  In California and Oregon , the news was interpreted as finally that the army of freedom and democracy won a big one against the army of slavery and elitism . And the fact that those two armies had to meet in Mexico was immaterial because they were fighting for the same issues -- defending freedom and democracy . Latinos were joining the Union army , Union cavalry , Union navy . "  The French goal was to eliminate democracy , and remember that Mexico had democracy only for 30 or 40 years at that point , " he added . "  Remember , Europe was ruled mostly by monarchs . " French emperor Napoleon III "  was no friend of the Union and was definitely a friend of the Confederacy and flirted with the Confederacy constantly with the possible recognition of the Confederate government , " Hayes-Bautista said . President Abraham Lincoln never referred to the Confederacy as a separate government : they were states in rebellion , " the professor said . Napoleon III 's plan was to instill a monarchy over Mexico and "  have that monarch cooperate with the Confederacy , " Hayes-Bautista said . In early spring 1862 , the Union army was unable to move against the Confederates , and American democracy was "  apparently not doing too well , " Hayes-Bautista said . The French entry into Mexico troubled Hispanics , Hayes-Bautista said . "  Latinos in California were reading about every single battle of the Civil War , " he said . "  They were very well-informed , and they were reading with a three-week delay of similarly detailed reports from Mexico . So by early May , the French were about 60 miles from Mexico City as some Latinos feared that the Civil War might be over . " But the Mexican army prevailed , and the Spanish-language newspapers in California reported the victory with such headlines as "  HURRAH FOR MEXICO !!! HURRAH FOR INDEPENDENCE ! " In his book , Hayes-Bautista writes : "  In town after town , camp after camp , mine after mine , ranch after ranch , Latinos eagerly absorbed the news . Those who could read shared the glorious details with their illiterate fellows , and up and down the state , Latinos savored the blow-by-blow reporting from the front lines of the conflict that had so riveted their attention . " The Cinco de Mayo victory was then memorialized through a network of Latino groups called "  juntas patrioticas mejicanas , " or Mexican patriotic assemblies , mostly in California but also in Oregon , Nevada and Arizona , with 14,000 members , Hayes-Bautista said . The juntas celebrated Cinco de Mayo with monthly parades , speeches , dances , banquets and bull fights as a morale builder for Lincoln and Mexican President Benito Juarez , who , despite the Cinco de Mayo victory , was subsequently engaged in a three-year struggle against foreign occupation until 1867 . "  From 1862 to 1867 , the public memory of Cinco de Mayo was forged in the American West , " Hayes-Bautista said . Briefly after the Civil War , veterans of the Union and Mexican armies would put on their uniforms and give speeches every Cinco de Mayo , he said . But by 1890 , the grandchildren of the veterans and juntas had to be taught about Cinco de Mayo , Hayes-Bautista said . The meaning of the holiday changed over time , becoming a David versus Goliath tale among Mexican immigrants in the 1930s and embodying U.S.-Mexico unity during World War II and Chicano Power in the 1960s and 1970s , Hayes-Bautista said . In his book , he described Cinco de Mayo 's "  undeniable commercialization in the late 20th century , a fake holiday recently invented by beverage companies . " In his interview with CNN , Hayes-Bautista stated : "  Now it 's become this big commercial holiday and a wonderful opportunity to get services and products in front of the Latino market and it even got its own postage in 1996 and in 2005 President Bush even had a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House . "  But if you ask why is anyone celebrating , no one knows . And then you get some people who say it should n't be celebrated at all because it 's a foreign holiday -- and yet it 's as American a holiday as the Fourth of July , " he said . "  No one has seemed to link it to the Civil War , " he added about what he called groundbreaking research . UCLA history professor Stephen Aron said Hayes-Bautista 's finding is significant . "  For the general public  and even for many historians  , the California origins of the Cinco de Mayo holiday come as quite a surprise  since the holiday is so generally presumed to be a Mexican holiday that was only recently imported into the United States  , " Aron said in an e-mail to CNN . "  That Hayes-Bautista 's book ties these origins to the American Civil War is also of great significance . " Rounding out the new research into Cinco de Mayo is Hayes-Bautista 's family legend that recounts how his great-great-grandfather Bartolo Bautista was part of local militia supporting the Mexican army in the Battle of Puebla . His ancestor , who hailed from the town of San Miguel de Atlautla just below the snow line on the volcano Popocatepetl , was taken prisoner but was spared execution by a French army firing squad after it saw he had a birthmark over his heart . The mark was in the shape of a hand with all five fingers clearly visible , Hayes-Bautista said . The French firing squad had told the prisoners to remove their shirts because the soldiers intended to use the clothing . Superstitious of the birth mark , the French let the man go , Hayes-Bautista said . On Saturday , 150 years later , Hayes-Bautista is scheduled to participate in a Cinco de Mayo celebration at LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes , a Smithsonian affiliate in downtown Los Angeles .	A UCLA professor of medicine happens upon the true origins of Cinco de Mayo , he says in a book It 's an American holiday -- not a Mexican one -- with roots in the Civil War Latinos in the American West cheered Mexican army 's defeat of French in 1862 The French sympathized with Confederacy , and U.S. Latinos supported the Union
NEW YORK  CNN  -- More than a decade after a terrorist attack brought down New York 's twin towers , their replacement -- an emerging new addition to the Manhattan skyline -- has nearly reached a landmark height . The One World Trade Center is now 100 stories high , stretching just over 1,244 feet and just 6 feet shy of the Empire State Building  without its antenna  , according to Steve Coleman , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The colossal steel structure is in the coming weeks expected to surpass the frame of the Empire State Building , which is currently Gotham 's tallest skyscraper . The building reached its 100th floor last week and is expected to be completed by next year or sometime in early 2014 , Coleman said Tuesday . Built on what was once referred to as ground zero in Lower Manhattan , the building will reach 1776 feet by way of a mast fixed atop its peak , making it the nation 's tallest structure . The Willis Tower in Chicago , formerly known as the Sears Tower , which stands at 1,450 feet and 110 stories high , is the country 's current record holder . Housing three top floor observation decks , the first 90 floors of the One World Trade Center building will be designated for office space . The following 10 floors are to be reserved for air conditioning , heating , and electrical equipment . Despite years of political infighting and real estate squabbling that delayed its construction , more than half of the building has now been rented , with a tenant list that includes Conde Nast publishing company and a Chinese real estate investment firm called Vantone Holdings . In its shadow , twin reflecting pools are situated in the footprints of where the Twin Towers once stood . The names of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the 2001 attacks , as well as six people who died in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993 , are emblazoned across bronze panels ringing the pools .	The One World Trade Center building is now 100 stories tall , reaching just over 1,244 feet It is just 6 feet shy of the Empire State Building Building will hit 1776 feet by way of a mast fixed to its peak , making it the nation 's tallest The Willis Tower , formerly the Sears Tower , is the country 's current record holder
Placerville , California  CNN  -- A man accused of deliberately setting a wildfire that has grown to 76,376 acres in Northern California pleaded not guilty on Friday . Wayne Allen Huntsman , 37 , of Pollock Pines , California , is being held on $ 10 million bail in El Dorado County Jail as he faces one felony count of arson with a special allegation of a firefighter , peace officer or other emergency personnel having suffered great bodily injury in the so-called King Fire . Huntsman made his first appearance in El Dorado County Superior Court on Friday . The King Fire was burning nearly uncontrollably Friday with only 10 % containment in the South Fork of the American River Canyon , Silver Creek Canyon and Rubicon Canyon north of the community of Pollock Pines , authorities said . The fire scorched the Eldorado National Forest east of Sacramento and was approaching the Tahoe National Forest , authorities said . About 4,425 personnel were assigned to fighting the fire , and about 12,000 residences and 9,000 other minor structures remained threatened , authorities said . In all , about 2,800 people were evacuated under mandatory or advisory directives , according to Cal Fire and U.S. Forest Service officials . The fire , which began Saturday , grew by 3,000 acres Thursday night , officials said . The King Fire was proving costly to fight , at $ 5 million a day , officials said . Exacerbating conditions were steep terrain , changing winds and the fire 's speed , authorities said . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed from Placerville , California . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Wayne Allen Huntsman , 37 , says he 's not guilty of felony arson Huntsman , 37 , of Pollock Pines , California , is being held on $ 10 million bail About 12,000 residences and 9,000 other minor structures remain threatened The 76,376-acre fire is only 10 % contained
Financial Times  -- South Korean financial regulators will investigate the Seoul branches of Standard Chartered and HSBC in light of money laundering allegations against both banks by regulators in the US . A spokeswoman for South Korea 's Financial Supervisory Service on Thursday said the regulator would review the banks ' responses to preliminary written inquiries before visiting their offices around the end of this month . She added the investigation was prompted entirely by developments in the US , and that the regulator had no specific grounds to suspect wrongdoing by the banks ' Korean branches . New York state regulators this week accused StanChart of breaching sanctions against Iran through illicit transactions -- which the bank denies -- while HSBC took a $ 700m charge last month to cover US fines over its Mexican division 's failure to prevent money laundering . "  We will look into their businesses related to money laundering comprehensively to see if they reported suspicious transactions , including those with the countries with which financial transactions are restricted , and if they verified their customers -LSB- before such transactions -RSB- , " the FSS said . HSBC said : "  We will provide all the information FSS is requesting on a timely basis and we will give any other support they need . " StanChart said : "  We can say that we are in regular dialogue with our local regulators on all relevant matters , and we will cooperate fully with the FSS . We would also like to note that the Group strongly rejects the position or portrayal of facts as set out in the order issued by the New York State Department of Financial Services . " Shares in StanChart on Monday suffered their heaviest one-day fall in decades after New York state 's Department of Financial Services branded it a "  rogue institution " and accused it of having breached US sanctions by carrying out $ 250bn worth of transactions with the Iranian government . StanChart has angrily denied the allegations , saying it had identified only $ 14m worth of non-compliant transactions , which it attributes clerical errors . It is now considering a countersuit against the DFS . Interactive timeline One former senior regulator said that financial watchdogs in South Korea -- which has long seen the US as its most important ally -- would be particularly concerned by any suggestion of illicit dealings with Iran . "  The Korean financial regulators have always been quite mindful of the US sanctions and the regulations related to Iranian counterparties , " he said . "  It 's always been a serious issue for the government and the regulators , and I think this is part of that . " The investigation comes less than a month after South Korean competition authorities launched an investigation into nine commercial banks , including StanChart 's local operation , over suspicions that they may have colluded to manipulate the country 's benchmark lending rate . Both banks have had a mixed experience in South Korea . HSBC has attained a foothold in wholesale banking , but has struggled to make an impact in the retail banking market . It reached a preliminary agreement in April to sell its Korean retail business to Korea Development Bank , but talks broke down last month . StanChart , which acquired Korea First Bank in 2005 , was badly affected last year by strikes caused by its attempt to introduce performance-related pay . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	South Korean financial regulators will investigate local branches of Standard Chartered and HSBC Comes after money laundering allegations against both banks by regulators in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Sunday marks the second anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre that killed twenty children and six teachers on December 14 , 2012 . And though Congress has n't passed any gun reform laws in its wake , there 's one senator who 's made it his mission to persistently push for changes , even when no one 's listening . For the past two years , Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy , a Democrat , has been traveling to the Senate floor , month after month , to detail the growing numbers of people killed by gun violence . He calls these speeches , "  Voices of Victims . " Asked what drives him to continually make his plea , he said it 's to keep "  the drum beat up on the Senate floor . " To him , telling victim 's stories , identifying who they were , what they enjoyed , where they lived , personalizes the issue and hopefully makes it harder for his colleagues and state lawmakers to ignore . RELATED : Granderson : On guns , all we have is talk "  There 's no more personal issue than gun violence ; every one of these stories is a life lost , " he said . "  I 'm hoping that over the long term , as I tell these stories , that it will help to open people 's eyes . " "  It is beyond comprehension that Congress is watching this epidemic of school shootings and chooses to do nothing , " Murphy added . Murphy 's uphill battle for comprehensive gun control reform , however , is met with significant challenges . Since the shooting at Sandy Hook , and the many that followed , there 's been no legislation on the issue . After a failed vote on a bill that would have broadened background checks for gun purchasers in April 2013 , there 's been no sign of any additional legislation . And with Republicans maintaining the House and winning the Senate as a result of the midterm election , Murphy 's push for gun control legislation and background checks has n't gotten any easier . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is a staunch supporter of the National Rifle Association and 90 percent of NRA-backed candidates won their seats during midterm elections . " -LSB- The NRA -RSB- is absolutely pulling one over on their members , " Murphy said . "  The NRA was for background checks a decade ago , and they changed their position , despite the fact that their members support background checks . " A new Pew survey released earlier this week indicates additional challenges for gun control advocates . According to the survey , the number of people supporting gun rights now offsets those who support gun control with 52 percent of Americans siding with gun rights , and 46 percent siding with gun control . On Wednesday , Murphy acknowledged the challenges for achieving gun control legislation with the Republican-led Congress during a Senate floor speech , but hinted he might be finding a new way to challenge the issue . "  I get it that we 're not going to get a background checks bill passed through the Senate in the next two years , but why not work on mental health funding ? " he asked . Either way , Murphy is not giving up . He acknowledged that fighting for stricter gun laws is a lifelong campaign for the families affected by Sandy Hook . "  It gives me hope that if I stick with this , families will stick with this alongside me , " he said .	The second anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre is Sunday Congress has not passed gun control reform in the wake of the deadly mass shooting Sen. Chris Murphy has tried to humanize the issue by sharing the victims ' stories
By Election Day in November , Hillary Clinton will have stumped for candidates in over 15 states , with sometimes multiple events at each destination . What does this mean : Lots of speeches . As most politicians have some formula of commonly used phrases and lines of attack , the former secretary of state has started to shape a stump speech with similar wording for praise of those she endorses and jabs for her Republican opponents . The lines are more than just cliches , however . They shed light on the type of campaign Clinton would have if she decided to run for president in 2016 , and highlight what she will focus on and how she has learned from many of the mistakes that caused her to lose to Barack Obama in 2008 . Here are Hillary Clinton 's seven most used lines on the 2014 stump : 1 .  -LSB- Insert candidate 's name -RSB- is the "  right leader at the right time with the right plan " This is Clinton 's go-to endorsement line and she 's used it regularly this fall . "  There is no doubt the governor is the right leader at the right time with the right plan , " Clinton said during an event with Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York last week . Clinton used the same line -- almost exactly -- for Democratic candidate Tom Wolf in Pennsylvania and Sen. Mark Udall in Colorado this month . "  You are convinced as I am convinced that Tom Wolf is the right leader and the right time for Pennsylvania hard working people , " Clinton said of Wolf . 2 .  "  It 's as though the other side wants to cast an air of amnesia " Clinton , who spent four years separated from politics as America 's top diplomat , has stepped up her Republican attack lines on the stump , and she seems extremely fond of linking the "  other side " with "  amnesia . " "  It appears to me that the campaigns being run against them are depending on the voters of Colorado having a mass case of amnesia , " Clinton said in her endorsement of Udall and Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper . They want voters to "  somehow just forget the accomplishments . " Clinton made a similar argument for Martha Coakley , Massachusetts ' Democratic governor nominee , earlier this month . Republicans are counting on "  amnesia in this midterm election , " Clinton said , adding they were hoping "  people will forget what they have done and what they could do . We have been down the road . That is what is happening . " At a fundraiser in California earlier this year , she said this : "  It 's as though the other side wants to cast an air of amnesia . " The line appears to be borrowed from her husband , former President Bill Clinton , who while stumping for candidates in 2010 accused Republicans of "  amnesia . " "  The Republicans are trying to make this a referendum on people 's anger ... with a good dose of amnesia , " Clinton said while endorsing Sen. Richard Blumenthal in 2010 , according to reports . 3 .  "  You ca n't take anything for granted . " Clinton usually employs this line when she is stumping for Democrats who are way up in the polls . "  If you do n't show up , you do n't know what is going to happen , " Clinton said in Minnesota earlier this month where she endorsed Gov. Mark Dayton and Sen. Al Franken , two Democrats who look likely to win . "  You ca n't take anything for granted . " The line is more than just a call for voters to activate , however . In 2008 , Clinton found herself with a sizable lead over then-Sen . Barack Obama . Clinton went on to lose the nomination fight and some critics of the campaign said it was because Clinton 's top advisers saw her win as a forgone conclusion . But as much at it is a call to voters , the line is a nod to what Clinton has learned about campaigning . "  I want you to promise yourselves before you leave here tonight that you wo n't just come to this beautiful Constitution Center and listen to the speeches and the music then go home feeling good , " Clinton said in Pennsylvania where she endorsed frontrunner Wolf for governor . "  You need to resolve to do everything you can to make sure you do n't take this election for granted . " 4 .  "  Everyone deserves a second chance , a third chance ... " Clinton has focused a great deal on economic populism on the stump , an issue other Democrats thinking about seeking the presidency in 2016 have started to tweak Clinton on . "  Everyone deserves a second chance , a third chance to keep going and to make something of themselves , " Clinton said in Iowa earlier this year . "  That was one of the most important lessons of my life . " Clinton usually uses the line to encourage compassion from a crowd , and to show that she has compassion , too . "  The only direction that matters in life is forward , " Clinton said in Minnesota . "  Never quit . Never lose faith . When you get knocked down get right back up , recognize there is worth and dignity in every human being and that everyone â $ " everyone â $ " deserves not just a chance but a second chance and even a third chance and a better life for themselves and their families . " 5 .  "  Women hold a majority of minimum wage jobs in our country . " This is a double whammy for Clinton : In one line , she nods to women and the economic struggles that many women -- and men -- are experiencing . Clinton 's many appearances have focused a great deal on women and this line has become a staple . "  Women hold a majority of minimum wage jobs in our country , " Clinton said in San Francisco earlier this month . "  When women succeed , America succeeds . " Clinton used a similar line in North Carolina while stumping for Sen. Kay Hagan , at an event for the Democratic National Committee earlier this year at an event with other female politicians in Washington , D.C in September . "  If we had been able to close the gap between men and women participating in the work force , our Gross Domestic Product would be 10 percent higher , " Clinton said at the event . "  Why are we leaving 10 % on the table because we do n't do enough to give women the support that they need to be empowered , to take care of themselves and their families ? " 6 .  "  Grandmother glow " Hillary Clinton recently became a grandmother , and those who attend her stump speeches get reminded of that pretty quickly . Clinton has made her new granddaughter -- Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky -- a staple of her stump speech and usually uses the one month old to pivot to her vision for the future and the world she and other Democrats want to leave for their children and grandchildren . Clinton unveiled the line during an October paid speech in Miami , Florida . "  You look beautiful , " said the moderator of a question and answer with Clinton . "  I think it is a grandmother glow , " she responded . Since then , the line has been regularly repeated . She took the line a step further in Charlotte , North Carolina on Saturday , giving a nod to the city 's name within the first two minutes of her speech . "  It is pretty excited being here in Charlotte , " Clinton said . "  I mean , it is true that I am a new grandmother , a month tomorrow . I still have that grandmother glow . " She added , "  But I just ca n't tell you how much we love the name . " 7 .  "  Fear is the last resort of those who have run out of hope " This is another way Clinton hits Republicans . She accuses the party of peddling fear because , as she says , that is what people do when they have "  run out of gas . " The line is regularly used when she is endorsing candidates who are facing stiff opposition and a sizable amount of outside spending and ads . "  Elections come down often to who 's got more money , who 's peddling more fear and who turns out , " Clinton told the audience in North Carolina . "  We want leaders like Kay Hagan , who appeal to our hopes , not our fears , " she later added . So far , $ 80 million has been spent in Hagan 's race against Tillis and local voters have complained about the number of negative ads . "  There is a reason that the senators and the governor 's opponents are running campaigns based on fear , " Clinton said in Colorado . "  Fear is the last resort of those who have run out of hope ... run out of gas . "	Hillary Clinton is shaping her campaign speech , including some recyclable lines Clinton 's stumping for Democrats has focused on women and the middle class Clinton often says that the candidate she backs is the "  right leader at the right time with the right plan " Also familiar : "  It 's as though the other side wants to cast an air of amnesia "
CNN  Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal . And they are struggling in the aftermath . Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on May 12 . The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry . "  We are suffering with rain , strong wind . The fear is not gone from us . It is very , very hard , " said Koirala , the founder of the nonprofit Maiti Nepal and the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year . The public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera . Koirala 's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food . Still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . "  These girls are most vulnerable , because now people will target them , " Koirala said . "  They could be victims of any forms of sexual abuse . Maybe rape , maybe they will be trafficked , anything . ... If I get more support I will take as many as I can . " About five miles away , the wall of Koirala 's HIV/AIDS hospice has crumbled . Home to 115 girls , many of whom are terminally ill , the facility is under guard . "  They 're not injured , but they are terrified , " Koirala said . "  Everything is broken in the hospice . " Koirala 's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout the district , and all of them have been damaged . "  It 's really very sad for me and for my children , " Koirala said . "  This disaster , the noise and the way it shook , I can not get over it . I was not afraid that I was going to be killed . I was afraid about what is going to happen next . " Another CNN Hero , Pushpa Basnet , and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence . They are now living on the ground in a nearby field . "  Physically , we are not hurt . But mentally , we are , " said Basnet , whose Early Childhood Development Center provides a home and education to children whose parents are incarcerated . Basnet says the building 's walls are all cracked , and the staff is afraid it might fall down . She and the older children created a shelter using the frame of a greenhouse , taping plastic around the sides to protect themselves . "  It 's really cold in the middle of the night ; there are lots of fox in the field , " Basnet said . "  We are really scared . " They also do n't have much water or food , Basnet says . But she is trying to stay positive . "  I think for the time being , whatever we have , we should be happy , you know ? Because at least we have our life , " she said . "  My kids  all are safe . That 's the most important thing for me . " Basnet 's "  Butterfly Home " -- the permanent residence she was building for the children -- also suffered extensive damage in the quake . Basnet had hoped to complete construction in the next six months , with the opening ceremony set for October . Basnet purchased the land for the home with prize money she received as the 2012 Hero of the Year . "  When the earthquake hit that land , all my dreams were scattered , " she said . "  I have to restart again . " Still , Basnet is quick to point out that so many other survivors have nothing and are desperately in need of aid . To that end , several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal . Jake Wood 's disaster relief organization , Team Rubicon , has a team of experienced veterans and first responders on the ground in Kathmandu . The group deployed a medical and assessment team to aid the Nepalese people in several remote villages outside of the city . Six canine-firefighter search teams from the United States also assisted in rescue and recovery efforts . The teams were trained by Wilma Melville 's National Disaster Search Dog Foundation and were deployed as part of a larger rescue force that includes structural engineers , hazmat experts and doctors . Tom Henderson 's ShelterBox , which provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies , has so far committed to help more than 15,000 families . Dr. Laura Stachel 's group , We Care Solar , sent solar suitcases to health care workers , providing them with light and power as they aid survivors . Arlene Samen 's group , One Heart World-Wide , has set up tented birthing centers where pregnant women can safely deliver their babies , especially in hard-hit districts . Robin Lim , a disaster response midwife who founded Bumi Sehat , joined Samen in Kathmandu to help the mothers . Doc Hendley 's nonprofit , Wine to Water , partnered with Appalachian State University in order to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are most needed in Nepal . The group says one filter can provide water for up to 10 people and last for up to 10 years if maintained properly .	Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts
CNN  -- As they meet for the first time Tuesday , U.S. President Barack Obama and Mexico 's President-elect Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto will be operating in a landscape of U.S.-Mexico relations that has changed profoundly since Mexico 's outgoing president , Felipe Calderon , took office six years ago . Illegal immigration is at the lowest level in four decades , and organized crime violence , which has driven much of recent cooperation between the two countries , is finally declining . Violence remains a critical issue , but economic issues -- bilateral and global -- have risen to the fore as both countries struggle to emerge from the global slowdown . The two leaders will need to give greater emphasis to economic issues , including job creation . But this is also an opportunity to strengthen cooperation on global issues . In most trading relationships , the United States simply buys goods or sells them to other countries . With its neighbors Mexico and Canada , however , the United States actually co-manufactures products . Roughly 40 % of all content in Mexican exported to the United States originates in the United States . Opinion : To-do list for Obama and Mexico 's new president The comparable figures with China , Brazil and India are 4 % , 3 % and 2 % , respectively . Only Canada , at 25 % , is close . The U.S. and Mexican economies are so deeply linked , growth in one country benefits the other , and lowering the transaction costs of goods crossing the border helps put money in the pockets of workers and consumers . To do this , it will be important to improve border ports of entry by investing in infrastructure and staffing , as well as implementing new risk management techniques to speed up trusted shipments across the border . Pursuing an Open Skies Agreement between the two nations ' airlines and making the cross-border trucking pilot program -- in which Mexican truckers can carry goods deep into the United States and vice versa -- would also strengthen competitiveness . Although these are generally seen as border issues , the benefits accrue to U.S. states that depend on exports and joint manufacturing with Mexico , including Michigan , Illinois , Ohio , Nebraska , Iowa , South Dakota , New Hampshire and Georgia . Mexico also has abundant oil reserves and one of the four or five largest stocks of shale gas in the world . Mexico 's new government will probably pursue major energy reform over the next couple of years that could spur oil and gas production in dramatic ways . If that happens , it is certain to detonate a cycle of investment in the Mexican economy and could significantly contribute to discussions on possible North American energy security . Opinion : Mexico 's misconceptions Obama and PeÃ ± a Nieto 's administrations also offer a time for critical opportunities in education . With an ambitious but inexpensive public and private venture to spur educational exchange , Mexico could train its next generation of engineers , scientists and medical professionals in U.S. universities while American students enjoy access to Spanish and other cultural competencies in Mexico that they need to compete in the global economy . Without doubt , security cooperation will also remain a critical part of the relationship between the nations . With most of the largest drug trafficking organizations crippled , it is time to focus on strategies that lessen violence and build the rule of law . The U.S. government can still do a great deal more to reduce money laundering and arms trafficking , and the Mexican government has its work cut out to reform its police , prosecutors and courts . These efforts can be far more effective if the nations work together to benefit the safety and security of citizens in both countries . Migration is the one issue the two leaders will talk about Tuesday that matters a great deal to both nations but does not lend itself easily to a bilateral agreement . But the enormous drop in Mexican immigration to the United States -- most studies show that illegal immigration has dropped to net zero and may be negative -- allows the two countries to think seriously about what Mexico might be willing to do to police its borders if the United States undertakes a major overhaul of its immigration laws . Finally , as Mexico continues to grow economically , it will be increasingly possible for the two governments to focus on global challenges . This has already started . Mexico hosted the G-20 earlier this year and also joined the talks for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement , which led to extensive discussions between the two governments on global economic issues . Opinion : Latin America 's challenge Trade , security and migration will undoubtedly remain the most important topics as the two leaders meet . But as the bilateral relationship develops , relations between the nations might one day resemble those between the United States and Canada , in which global issues can be equally important . A balanced and wide-ranging U.S.-Mexico agenda -- one that seeks creative and collaborative approaches on topics ranging from local gangs to global terrorist networks and from regional supply chains to international finance -- promises significant benefits to people in both nations in the coming years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers ; Obama and Mexico 's next president meet in opportunity for improved ties They say economic issues loom large as immigration and crime issues recede Writers : Circumstances are favorable for new mutally beneficial trade , security pacts As bilateral agenda progresses , they say , two nations can cooperate on global issues
CNN Student News  -- October 19 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Florida , Illinois , Ohio , Virginia Pakistan United Kingdom Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- David Duchovny 's latest role is stirring up more intrigue than any episode of "  The X-Files . " The actor plays himself in a beer commercial imagining how proud he would be if he were Russian . "  And I found out that being Russian , I 'd have many things to be proud of , " he says in the video , which was posted Friday on the Russian beer Siberian Crown 's YouTube page . A message in Russian was posted with the video . The Google translation of the message said that Duchovny "  decided to do a film about Russian pride and love of country . " The timing of the video , viewed at least 1.6 million times in the first three days , could n't be more controversial , considering the international condemnation of Russia after a Malaysian airliner went down over eastern Ukraine this month , killing 298 people on board . U.S. and Ukrainian officials have said a Russian-made missile system was used to shoot down the plane from rebel territory . Russia and the rebels have disputed the allegations and blamed Ukraine for the crash . "  This is the country where I was born and raised , " Duchovny says at the start of the 2Â 1/2 - minute video . "  But there is another country , where I got my family name from . And sometimes I wonder : What if things turned out differently ? What if I were Russian ? " But Duchovny 's family emigrated from Ukraine , not Russia . He may not have known when he signed up for the commercial job earlier this year , but he apparently did before it was produced . "  I grew up thinking I was Russian only to find recently that I 've been Ukrainian all along . Never too late to change , " he said in a Twitter posting on April 4 . The difference between Ukrainians and Russians is central to the struggle between pro-Russian rebels and the Ukrainian government . Ethnic Russian rebels in the east and south of Ukraine identify with Russia . Duchovny tweeted a photo on May 30 , apparently taken while he was producing the scene where he imagined he was a Russian cosmonaut . "  Ground control to Major Ivan , " he tweeted . He also imagines himself to be a Russian ballet choreographer , a Russian-speaking actor and a Russian rocker with a mullet . "  Could I still be among the stars ? " Duchovny asks in the video . "  How would I surround myself with beauty ? What role could I have played ? Would my smile be known the world over ? " Joshua Edwards , an assistant to Duchovny manager Melanie Greene , said Monday that Greene was working on a response to the controversy , but Edwards later said it would only be given to TMZ .	David Duchovny 's Russian beer ad is released at an awkward time "  I found out that being Russian , I 'd have many things to be proud of , " he says in the video "  I grew up thinking I was Russian only to find recently that I 've been Ukrainian , " he tweets Duchovny and his manager did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment
Miami  CNN  Two South Florida law enforcement officers are under fire after witnesses used their cell phones to capture footage of them possibly mistreating arrestees . The first video , recorded Sunday afternoon , shows Fort Lauderdale police officer Victor Ramirez escorting Bruce Laclair , who CNN affiliate WSVN reports is homeless , at a bus terminal . According to the arrest report , Ramirez , who was working an off-duty detail at the time , saw the man sleeping on a bench and asked him to wake up and go somewhere else . The man cursed at Ramirez and told the officer to leave him alone , the report says . Ramirez wrote in the report that he told Laclair to leave the terminal and gave him plenty of time to leave . "  After ignoring me , I grabbed Laclair and arrested him for trespassing after warning , " the report says . Video shows the nine-year veteran of the Fort Lauderdale Police Department shoving the 58-year-old man to the ground . The two argue for a few seconds and , after telling the man to "  get up " multiple times , Ramirez reaches for Laclair 's arm . Laclair pulls away , and Ramirez slaps the man in the face as he 's still sitting on the ground . "  I 'm not f *** ing around with you . Do n't f *** ing touch me , " Ramirez tells the man before handcuffing him . Ramirez is on paid leave while an investigation is underway , police say . Reached by telephone , Ramirez declined to comment on the video . "  The video is concerning , " Fort Lauderdale police Capt. Francis Sousa said . "  We realize what the perception of the video  is  . However , we ask that the public be patient and allow the process to play itself out . The Broward County State Attorney 's Office is going to investigate this first , and upon completion of that , we 'll conduct our own thorough and unbiased investigation . " The man in the video has pleaded no contest to the charge . After his court appearance Monday , he told WSVN he did not know what happened . "  I 'm pissed off , " he said . "  Most of the police officers around here are very reasonable , good people who just have a job to do . This guy , I do n't know what his problem is . " The second video , shot Monday by attorney Bill Gelin at the Broward County Courthouse , shows Broward Sheriff 's Deputy Christopher Johnson dragging a handcuffed , screaming woman down a hallway by her leg restraints . The 28-year-old inmate , whom CNN is not identifying , is mentally ill , according to WSVN , and she was at the courthouse for a probation violation involving criminal mischief and trespassing . When she was told she was not allowed to say goodbye to her mother , she was taken to the hallway and told to sit on a bench , which she refused to do , WSVN reported . Johnson said he witnessed the woman being "  loud , disrespectful and uncooperative " toward a judge , and when she attempted to leave the jury box area , he "  tried to physically impede her " until the proceedings were complete , according to the officer 's narrative . After she cursed at Johnson while trying to leave the courtroom , Johnson wrote in his narrative , "  I immediately pulled her out of the courtroom , by her waist-chain . " She pulled herself from his grasp and tried to sit in a public area , so after giving her several commands and "  fearing she would cause a commotion in the public area , I then physically grabbed  her  by her leg  restraints  , " the officer 's narrative said . As Johnson drags her by her ankle restraints , the woman , whose shirt rides up her torso , cries and tells the deputy , "  You 're hurting me , " the video shows . She clutches onto a sign as he attempts to pull her through a doorway . "  It reminded me of the Wild West when they would rope these guys and drag them from a horse by their feet -- but this was actually metal shackles , " Gelin said . "  When I first came out I did n't know if this woman had attacked somebody or needed to be on the ground like that , but I 'm telling you , within seconds , it became apparent that she was just completely and totally mentally ill , and this is not how you do things in 2015 . " He likened her treatment to "  torture . " Gelin 's wife , Lynn DeSanti , the chief assistant public defender in charge of the division that represents the dragged woman , saw the whole incident and called the deputy 's behavior "  a huge disgrace . " "  She was n't just dragged a couple feet . She was dragged throughout most of the third floor of the courthouse , and it was not necessary and it was really just egregious conduct , " she said . "  To treat one of the most fragile , vulnerable people in society that way , there was no reason for it . " The woman , who has been in jail since December 30 on a probation violation , had gone before a judge for a competency hearing prior to the dragging incident , DeSanti said . She 's been examined again since the incident , she said . "  We 've had two doctors that have evaluated her and , in their opinion , she is not competent to proceed , meaning that her mental health is so fragile that she ca n't go forward with the charges right now , " DeSanti said . "  It was disturbing , to say the least , " Gelin told CNN . "  This is somebody who was obviously mentally ill and it was like torture . How can you do this to another human being , particularly one who 's mentally ill ? " Johnson is on restricted duty pending the outcome of an investigation . "  I am concerned by the way the deputy handled this situation because there were other courses of action he could have taken , " Broward County Sheriff Steve Israel said . "  Internal Affairs has initiated a complete and comprehensive investigation . " CNN 's Javier de Diego and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	One video shows a Fort Lauderdale officer slapping a homeless man during arrest Another shows a Broward sheriff 's deputy dragging a woman by her ankle restraints One officer is on paid leave , the other is on restricted duty as investigations underway
CNN  -- Inaccurate , inconvenient , ill-conceived ... now add "  potentially life-threatening " to the list of words being used to describe flaws in Apple 's much maligned maps app . Police in Mildura , Australia are warning drivers to be careful about using Apple Maps to find the city , which the app has placed more than 40 miles  70 kilometers  away in the Outback . Calling it a "  potentially life-threatening issue , " police say the mapping system lists Mildura , a city of 30,000 people , as being in the middle of Murray-Sunset National Park . Several motorists have had to be rescued by police from the park , which police say has no water supply and where temperatures can reach a blistering 46 degrees Celsius  114 Fahrenheit  . "  Some of the motorists located by police have been stranded for up to 24 hours without food or water and have walked long distances through dangerous terrain to get phone reception , " Mildura police said in a statement . "  Police have contacted Apple in relation to the issue and hope the matter is rectified promptly to ensure the safety of motorists travelling to Mildura . Anyone travelling to Mildura or other locations within Victoria should rely on other forms of mapping until this matter is rectified . " Apple spokesman Adam Howorth would not comment on the Australian police allegations , but told CNN that Apple is "  working hard to fix Maps . " Rival systems to Apple 's , including Google Maps , listed Mildura in the correct location , northeast of Murray-Sunset National Park . Apple Maps , which replaced the Google Maps app on Apple mobile devices when the tech giant released its iOS 6 platform in September , has been widely panned by critics and users alike . Users : Apple iOS 6 maps are a mess Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized for Maps shortly after its release . In a September letter posted on Apple 's website , Cook wrote : "  We are extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused our customers and we are doing everything we can to make Maps better . " Senior executive Scott Forstall -- who oversaw the tech giant 's mobile software unit before leaving the company in October -- was reported by the Wall Street Journal to have been forced out of Apple after refusing to apologize for Maps . Report : Forstall left Apple over maps apology Apple told CNN it does n't comment on "  rumors or speculation . "	Apple Maps places city of Mildura in national park , 70 kilometers from actual location Some motorists trying to reach Mildura have had to be rescued from park by cops Police : Some motorists stranded in park for up to 24 hours without food or water Apple 's map app widely criticized since release ; firm 's CEO has apologized for app
CNN  -- You 're in a room with 10 other people who seem to agree on something , but you hold the opposite view . Do you say something ? Or do you just go along with the others ? Imaging techniques help scientists look at the basis for principles of social psychology in the brain . Decades of research show people tend to go along with the majority view , even if that view is objectively incorrect . Now , scientists are supporting those theories with brain images . A new study in the journal Neuron shows when people hold an opinion differing from others in a group , their brains produce an error signal . A zone of the brain popularly called the "  oops area " becomes extra active , while the "  reward area " slows down , making us think we are too different . "  We show that a deviation from the group opinion is regarded by the brain as a punishment , " said Vasily Klucharev , postdoctoral fellow at the F.C. Donders Centre for Cognitive Neuroimaging at Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands and lead author of the study . Watch to learn more about the study " Participants , all female , had to rate 222 faces based on physical beauty on a scale from 1 to 8 . Afterwards , researchers told each participant either that the average score was higher or that it was lower than her rating . Some participants were told the average rating was equal to her rating . The researchers then chatted with the participant before suddenly asking the participant to do the rating again . Most subjects changed their opinion toward the average . The two leading theories of conformity are that people look to the group because they 're unsure of what to do , and that people go along with the norm because they are afraid of being different , said Dr. Gregory Berns , professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . Berns ' research , which he describes in the book "  Iconoclast : A Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently , " found that brain mechanisms associated with fear and anxiety do play a part in situations where a person feels his or her opinion goes against the grain . Participants looked at projections of three-dimensional objects , and had to identify which shapes were similar . As with the new study in Neuron , participants tended to shift their opinion to the majority view , although in this case the problems had objectively correct answers . The effect was also more potent in this experiment because actors were in the room to simulate a group with a shared opinion , he said . But brain images revealed participants were not lying just to fit in . Changes in the activation of the visual part of the brain suggest the group opinion actually changed participants ' perceptions of what they saw . One reason behind conformity is that , in terms of human evolution , going against the group is not beneficial to survival , Berns said . There is a tremendous survival advantage to being in a community , he said . "  Our brains are exquisitely tuned to what other people think about us , aligning our judgments to fit in with the group , " Berns said . The most famous experiments in the field were conducted by Solomon Asch in the 1950s . He found that many people gave incorrect answers about matching lines printed on cards , echoing the incorrect answers of the actors in the room . But unlike Berns ' finding that fear and anxiety relate to this effect , Asch saw the results of conformity studies as reflections of people 's reliance on one another for knowledge of the world , experts say . The darker side of conformity relates to Stanley Milgram 's experiments of the 1960s and 1970s , in which most people obeyed orders to deliver electric shocks to an innocent person in the next room . As in these studies , subjects caved into social pressure , presumably going against their own previous moral convictions . Read more about the Milgram study The research calls into question decision-making bodies that operate by consensus , Berns said . For example , in the U.S. legal system , many cases are decided by the unanimous judgment of the members of a jury . "  You ca n't separate those judgments from the fact that you have 12 people who have to come to a unanimous decision , and have to conform their opinion to each other , so of course it will distort how they view evidence , " he said . "  Any type of group decision-making process that does not require unanimous decisions is likely to make a better one , " Berns said . "  That applies to committees in particular . " What does it take to break the conformity effect ? Asch talked about the power of the "  minority of one . " When a unanimous group pressures the individual , that group is weakened as soon as one person breaks off . "  Anyone inclined to draw too pessimistic conclusions from this report would do well to remind himself that the capacities for independence are not to be underestimated , " Asch wrote in a 1955 "  Scientific American " article describing his research . "  He may also draw some consolation from a further observation : Those who participated in this challenging experiment agreed nearly without exception that independence was preferable to conformity . "	New study looks at how people change opinions of the beauty of images Brain imaging shows group opinion actually shifts perception in the brain Solomon Asch studied conformity in famous experiment in 1950s Researcher : Rethink committees that decide by unanimous consent
CNN  -- The militants pulled into the northeastern Nigerian village of Chibok under cover of darkness , their target a girls ' boarding school filled with students ahead of final year exams . Armed and wearing military uniforms , they told the girls they were there to protect them . The girls started to assemble in the yard as ordered to , not realizing the men were from Boko Haram -- the group whose name roughly translates as "  Western education is sin " -- until it was too late . More than 200 were loaded onto trucks and spirited away : the group 's leader later announced that he would sell them . Since the mass abduction on April 14 , the world 's attention has been focused on Chibok , but CNN was the first global news organization to send a team to the scene of the atrocity . The journey from the relative safety of Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , to the remote countryside stalked by Boko Haram can take eight to 10 hours , but logistics and security concerns meant that it took CNN international correspondent Nima Elbagir 's team four days to complete the trek . For most of the route , the road was tarmacked and the team constantly stopped at checkpoints manned by the military , police or vigilantes looking out for militants . But for the final 45 minutes the tarmac and checkpoints disappeared and the team swerved through the bleak , potholed landscape at full speed with flak jackets beside them . Read more : The road to Boko Haram 's heartland Some girls managed to escape Boko Haram , making a desperate dash for freedom after the militants loaded them into cargo trucks . "  We would rather die than go , " one of those girls told CNN . With fear in her eyes and voice , the young woman , who asked not to be identified , described what happened on that horrendous night . Read more : Escaped schoolgirl describes ordeal Families had sent their girls to Chibok Girls Secondary School for a desperately needed education but Boko Haram 's attack left the school a burned-out shell . Chibok is part of Borno state , where 72 % of primary-age children never attended school , according to the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria . The militants destroyed everything they could at the school . One of the girls who managed to flee said their attack had ended both her education and dreams of becoming a doctor . Read more : How Boko Haram cripples children 's future Outrage over the mass abduction has prompted a global campaign , calling for the girls to be freed through the Twitter hashtag #BringBackOurGirls . But in Chibok the outrage is overlaid with despair . CNN 's Nima Elbagir spoke to the mothers of two of the missing schoolgirls . They described hearing gunfire before discovering their daughters had been taken away . The kidnapping has left an indelible mark on Chibok . During the day , it looks like a normal village . But at night the fear and terror is visible . The women , elderly and children go to sleep -- and the young men stay awake , doing patrols , keeping vigil . The men arm themselves with whatever they can -- machetes , homemade bow and arrows , in the hope that they will be able to protect their families . CNN 's team joined them . Read more : Boko Haram threat keeps village awake Nima and her crew returned to Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , safely . Around the world , the #BringBackOurGirls campaign continues and foreign governments including the United States , Britain , France , Israel and China have offered help to Nigeria 's government find the girls . But the schoolgirls are still missing , their relatives still praying for their return and the residents of Chibok still haunted by the attack that left them cowering in the bush as Boko Haram plundered their village . Full coverage of CNN international correspondent Nima Elbagir 's Chibok journey will screen on CNN International on Saturday 17 May at 2100 CET , Sunday 18 May at 0030 CET , 0400 CET and 1200 CET and Monday 19 May at 0730 CET .	On April 14 , Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200 girls from a school in Chibok , Nigeria A CNN team made the dangerous journey to the village in Boko Haram 's heartland CNN correspondent Nima Elbagir spoke to a girl who fled , mothers of abductees and other villagers She accompanied villagers armed with machetes on their night-time patrol of the area
CNN  -- Two men were arraigned Tuesday in connection with an attack on a Michigan woman who gave birth three days after being abducted , set on fire and shot in the back , police said . One of the suspects , the woman 's former boyfriend , is the father of the boy born Tuesday morning , said Louis Galasso , police deputy commissioner in Warren , a Detroit suburb . The man conspired with his roommate to terminate the pregnancy , police said . "  There is not a scintilla of any mitigating events in this case , " Galasso said . "  It is nothing more than a disturbing , diabolic scheme put together by two individuals . " The Detroit mother and baby were hospitalized Tuesday afternoon in an undisclosed location . The infant was in the intensive care unit and the woman , 22 , was in stable condition , said Galasso . Police have charged Latonya Bowman 's former boyfriend , Jamal Rashard Rogers , and his roommate , Antonio Valentine Mathis . Both are 22 . The men Tuesday entered not guilty pleas to multiple charges , including assault with intent to murder , unlawful imprisonment and conspiracy to commit homicide . Mathis also faces a weapons charge , police said . They were denied bond and sought court-appointed attorneys . Rogers had told Bowman he wanted nothing to do with his child once it was born , according to Galasso . The conspiracy with Mathis began in March and continued as the woman entered her final stage of pregnancy , authorities said . At some point , Rogers , who is expecting a child with another woman , told Bowman he wanted to reconcile , Galasso said . A videotape taken Friday at an area Home Depot allegedly shows Mathis buying gloves , tape and rope hours before Saturday morning 's incident . Police said they believe Rogers , who allegedly has two other children , drove Mathis to the Home Depot to buy the items . Several hours later , Bowman drove her SUV to Rogers ' Warren residence and they went to a movie . Afterward , Rogers instructed Bowman to pull into the garage , where a gunman taped her eyes and mouth shut and bound her hands , police said . The abductor , who police believe was Mathis , drove toward Detroit with the woman . "  As they are driving he makes a reference to her pregnancy and says , ` You know why I am doing this ' and asks how far along she was in her pregnancy , " Galasso said . After the abductor stopped the vehicle , the woman was doused with lighter fluid and set on fire . "  She was able to roll out of the vehicle and tries to extinguish herself on the ground and hears two gunshots . One hits her in the upper back and she plays dead , " Galasso said . According to police , Rogers sent pretend text messages to the woman during the abduction . Bowman told police she did not know her abductor . Rogers said he originally conspired to end the pregnancy , but changed his mind at the last moment and told Mathis to abandon the plan , said Galasso . "  We do n't believe that statement to be credible . " Mathis has denied responsibility . "  There is no indication there was any monetary exchange or remediation , " Galasso said . Bowman was able to drive to a service station and call her mother . Mohamed Zokari , an employee at the Shell station , told CNN affiliate WDIV that employees gave the woman a T-shirt when she walked in . "  Everything was bad , she was burned up , " Zokari said . "  She was in a bad situation . " "  The burns were significant and resulted in a lot of blistering , " Galasso said . "  They are all over her arms , chest and back . " The victim went into labor early Tuesday and had an emergency C-section , three weeks before her due date . "  She has demonstrated her courage , and I suspect she will fully recover , " Galasso said . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	Two men accused of conspiracy Detroit woman abducted , set on fire and shot , police say She gave birth to baby boy on Tuesday One of the suspects is her former boyfriend
CNN  -- Wang Yue , the two-year-old girl who was left for dead on a narrow street in southern China after a hit-and-run accident , has died . The toddler , nicknamed Yueyue , had been cared for in a hospital in Guangdong province since she was injured a week ago . She succumbed to severe injuries Friday morning . Two hit-and-run drivers ran over Yueyue , one after another , after she wandered into the alley outside her father 's hardware store . Both fled the scene but are now under arrest . But there was one thing more shocking than the double hit-and-run : the seeming apathy by pedestrians , cyclists and drivers -- 18 of them -- who did not stop to help . Yueyue laid motionless in the street for 10 minutes until Chen Xianmei , a 58-year-old woman who collects trash for a living , passed by . She moved her to safety and called for help . A security camera captured the incident on tape . After the video was posted online , Yueyue 's plight prompted sympathy , outrage and debate in and outside China . How could 18 people pass by the critically injured child and do nothing ? The incident has also prompted widespread soul-searching in China about the state of the nation 's morality and civic-consciousness . Why is it so difficult for Chinese nowadays to be a Good Samaritan ? There are many possible explanations and many possible culprits . Some blame it on the lack of laws and regulations . Others argue it 's caused by the failure of China 's education system to inculcate respect for human life and dignity . Still others blame it on what some call "  jingshen kongxu " , or spiritual vacuum . As the country 's 1.3 billion people compete to make money and climb the economic and social ladder , experts say , many people find themselves spiritually adrift . Reynard Hing , an astute China-watcher , cautions against making sweeping conclusions . "  It 's funny how many people read into this , to the point that anti-Chinese sentiment arises , " he wrote me . "  This situation is not unique to China . " He cites the case of Kitty Genovese . In 1964 , the woman in Queens , N.Y. was chased and stabbed to death by an assailant over the course of half an hour while 38 of her neighbors watched from their windows and did nothing to help . Psychologists , Hing tells me , have dubbed this phenomenon the ` bystander problem ' -- the one factor that would predict Good Samaritan behavior was how many witnesses there were to a tragic event : The more bystanders , the less likely someone will step up to help . I asked Xia Xueluan , a socio-psychology professor at Peking University , about the seeming callousness of the 18 passersby . One factor is the district where it occurred , which has a concentration of hardware stores like the one Yueyue 's father owns . "  They  are owners of hardware stores originally from different parts of China who hardly know each other . Together they comprise a ` strangers ' society ' , instead of one made up of real friends and acquaintances , or the "  acquaintances ' society ' . " Xia said the two sub-groups are fundamentally different . "  In an ` acquaintances ' society ' , " he explained , "  their relationship is of intimacy , trust and interdependence . In the ` strangers ' society ' it is characterized by estrangement , distrust , and independence . In such a society , it is not surprising to see incidents like this . " James Feinerman , a law professor at Georgetown University likewise cites the changes brought about by rapid urbanization . "  In big cities , where many people have moved in from outside , where there are thousands of newcomers from the provinces , there 's a feeling that you are better off just leaving people you do n't know alone , " he said in a CNN interview . Other observers blame the incident on a breakdown in public trust . A joint survey by three universities in Beijing revealed that the root cause of people 's reluctance to help others in need is a lack of trust among residents . Only about 8 % surveyed said they still strongly trust other people . Should an elderly person in need be helped ? Over 60 % of the respondents said "  yes " , but more than 84 % also believed it is too risky ; recently in China , there have been several cases of individuals who faked injuries only to sue those who come to their aid . In 2006 , an old woman in the eastern city of Nanjing was injured after rough jostling at a bus stop . Peng Yu , a young man and fellow passenger , offered help and even took her to the hospital . Later , however , the old woman and her family sued him in court , which eventually ruled that Peng Yu should pay 40 % of the medical costs . Similar cases have happened in recent years . "  There must be something wrong when it is considered risky to be a Good Samaritan , " China Daily wrote in an editorial this week . "  Apathy and distrust are the last things a harmonious society needs . It is imperative that we find a way to protect Good Samaritans from being wronged . " Peking University 's Xia Xueluan calls this the "  interpersonal trust crisis " . He explains : "  This kind of crisis is highly contagious and could deteriorate due to lack of legal support . As a netizen puts it , it 's not that the good people can no longer be found in our society . It 's that nobody can afford to do good deeds -- the price can be too high . " Days after Yueyue 's tragic accident , millions of China 's micro-bloggers are still pouring out their anger and frustration . "  After Peng Yu 's case , if you were the first to find Yueyue after the accident , would you rescue her ? " Netizen Yi Jingge wrote . That is a question many in China are now asking themselves .	A 2-year-old toddler in China died after being hit by two separate cars Video shows neither driver stopped to help , nor did 18 passersby Incident has caused an uproar around China , as well as soul-searching "  There must be something wrong when it is considered risky to be a Good Samaritan "
InStyle  -- Gisele Bündchen is famous for her rumpled yet sexy hairstyle . Now , you can be too . Follow these 10 steps to snag her look . Recreate Gisele Bündchen 's signature style with a quick flip and shake . 1 . Knotty Is Nice The most appealing looks are n't perfect . Bündchen 's mane man Harry Josh tells us how to re-create her signature rumpled style : "  Flip your hair upside down and give it a good shake . Then flip it back over , scrunch the crown , and finger-comb the ends . " 2 . Veer off Center "  A low side part works on every face shape , " says Josh . Use the end of a rattail comb to draw a line from the hairline at the outer corner of one eyebrow diagonally back to the center of the crown . It creates a sultry swoop in front while maintaining balance on both sides . 3 . Condition First For silky strands , apply a treatment mask to dry hair for 10 minutes before you shampoo . This allows natural oils to penetrate the cuticle and soften it from within . After rinsing , lather your scalp with a gentle shampoo to remove dirt and residue . 4 . Be a Brunette Bombshell A rich cocoa hue "  has a dramatic quality that you just do n't get from lighter shades , " says N.Y.C. colorist Jason Backe , who likes Clairol Perfect 10 at-home color kit in Medium Auburn  $ 14 ; at drugstores  . For Beyoncé 's golden brown , try L'Oréal Paris Féria in Sparkling Amber  $ 10 ; lorealparis.com  . 5 . Ulterior Movements According to body language expert Patti Wood , tossing hair back while showing the palm of your hand "  is mysterious and sexy . " But avoid twirling hair -- it signals insecurity . 6 . All the Right Moves There 's a reason wind machines are a photo-shoot staple : Hair that 's tousled is more provocative than stiff , straight planks . So fake the breezy effects of a blower with swinging layers . If you have medium to thick hair , ask your stylist for choppy layers all the way around your head  like Jennifer Aniston 's  . If you have fine strands , all it takes is a few chin-grazing pieces in front . 7 . Spice Things Up ... with a sexy floral oriental fragrance  our pick : Armani 's new frangipani , licorice and patchouli blend  . Spritz the nape of your neck , and with every flirty toss your hair will release the come-hither scent . 8 . Indulge Fantasies No , we 're not pushing Princess Leia 's braids and bikini ! But next time you reach for a ponytail holder , think sexy secretary . Twist hair into a low chignon , then secure it with a pencil , chopstick or , our fave multitasker , Clarins ' smoldering black liner pencil with a tapered , tuckable end . 9 . Dare to Gleam There 's a fine line between glossy and greasy , but new featherweight silicone sprays make it an easy one to navigate . For touchable shine , mist spray on palms and run them over the hair . Try : Sebastian Professional Trilliant shine spray , $ 20 ; sebastianprofessional.com for salons . 10 . Go Untucked Experts agree that the surest way to fizzle your sizzle is by pushing hair behind your ears . "  It 's juvenile and generally not flattering on anyone , " says N.Y.C. hair pro Garren . "  Pull your hair back if you 're at work , but on dates you can let it fall in your face in that flirty , Kate Moss kind of way , " says Harry Josh . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gisele Bündchen 's mane man Harry Josh explains how to re-create her style Tossing hair back while showing the palm of your hand "  is mysterious " Next time you reach for a ponytail holder , think sexy secretary Tucking your hair behind your ears is juvenile and unappealing
CNN  -- Jason Day nearly pulled out of the World Cup of Golf after learning he had lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . Instead he completed an emotional double victory Sunday in Melbourne as he claimed the individual title and paired with Adam Scott to lead Australia to team honors . After finishing with a final round 70 for 10-under at Royal Melbourne , Day said his Filipino mother Dening and his sisters had been in this thoughts throughout the event . They were in the gallery to watch the 24-year-old hold off Thomas Bjorn of Denmark by two shots in a tense final round . "  I am just happy that she is here and I get to hug her , " he said . "  It would have been the easiest thing for me to just go ahead and pull out of the tournament with what has been going on over the last week , just to be up there with my mum and support her , " he added . Day lost his grandmother , an uncle and six cousins in the November 8 tragedy and he said that both he and World No. 2 Scott would assist with the relief program . "  We will definitely be giving some money or raising money and trying to raise awareness to what has really happened over there . "  To have that lead going into Sunday with all that stuff going on , to finally finish off and hit a great shot into 18 like I did and to win like that was a very big move in my golfing career . " Scott , who has won the Australia PGA and Australia Masters title in the past month , continued his superb form by taking third in the individual standings . Their combined score left them 10 shots clear of the United States in the team category , Australia 's first success for 24 years in the annual competition . Bjorn , who led after two rounds and trailed Day by just one shot heading into the last day , paid tribute to the winner . "  I could n't be happier for Jason . He has gone through a rough time of late and for him to even be here is a big thing and then to go and go and win the golf tournament , and for him to also win the team event , is fantastic , " he said . Scott will head to the Australian Open in Sydney this week , bidding a triple of the three main tournaments held in his country , only the second man in history to achieve the feat if he does emerge the winner . Day will also be competing at Royal Sydney .	Jason Day wins World Cup of Golf in Melbourne Edges Thomas Bjorn of Denmark by two strokes Leads Australia to team title with Adam Scott Filipino-Australian Day lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan
CNN  -- Rafael Benitez was given a red-hot reception at Stamford Bridge as Chelsea fans vented their fury at its team 's new manager . The Spaniard , who coached his side to a goalless draw with Manchester City , was subjected to chants and taunts throughout the game by home supporters . The former Liverpool manager replaced Roberto Di Matteo after the Italian was sacked by owner Roman Abramovich last week . Benitez takes over Chelsea hot seat But many of the club 's supporters are unhappy with the decision given last season 's FA Cup and Champions League triumphs . In the 16th minute , fans began to sing and applaud Di Matteo , who wore the number 16 shirt during his time as a player at the west London club . But Benitez , whose side sit fourth and five points off leaders Manchester United , insists the hostile welcome did not bother him . "  I am focused on the game , I do n't listen to the crowd , " he told reporters . "  The main thing was the team on the pitch . I was not listening , I was just concentrating on the game . "  It was a tough game against a good team , no clear chances for them or us . "  It 's not the ideal  result  but to have a clean sheet and to see the spirit and mentality and work rate was quite positive . "  You could see they were trying really hard with and without the ball and against a great team they had some chances . " City , who exited the Champions League during the week , are second in the league , a point behind neighbours United . Di Matteo sacked by Chelsea But manager Roberto Mancini felt his side should have done better , especially after Sergio Aguero missed a glorious opportunity early on . "  We were so poor in the last 20 metres , " Mancini said . "  When we have a chance , we need to score . "  If you are soft , you wo n't score . That 's why I was upset . " Meanwhile , goals from Adam Lallana and Gaston Ramirez helped Southampton climb out of the relegation zone with a 2-0 victory over Newcastle . Tottenham defeated West Ham 3-1 at White Hart Lane to move up to seventh and go level with fierce rivals Arsenal . Jermain Defoe scored twice and Gareth Bale was also on target with Andy Carroll breaking his 15-game drought for the visitors . Brendan Rodgers was forced to endure a frustrating afternoon on his return to Swansea as his Liverpool side were held to a goalless draw .	Chelsea fans unleashed their feelings at new manager Rafael Benitez Supporters cheered and sang the name of former manager Roberto Di Matteo Chelsea fail to find a way past Manchester City in goalless draw Victories for Tottenham and Southampton while Liverpool held
CNN  -- The recent smartphone video of Marines urinating on the bodies of slain Taliban should trouble all Americans . It is troubling even if allowances are made for young men -- recently released from the high pressures of combat and in the euphoria of being successful and still being alive -- doing dumb things . It should trouble us even allowing for the inevitable dehumanization of the enemy that often accompanies conflict . Keeping the human aspect of an enemy in mind is more than just a moral imperative , though . It makes good operational and strategic sense . And in this , intelligence has a special role . One of the first briefings I gave President George W. Bush as deputy director of national intelligence was on Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the fiendishly brutal head of al Qaeda in Iraq . I began with Zarqawi 's upbringing : "  Raised on the mean streets of Zarqa , jailed as a teenager , he turned to religion in prison ... " I was less trying to humanize him than to understand him , but the effect was largely the same . And even duly "  humanized , " Zarqawi remained our highest priority target in Iraq until we killed him the next year . Recognizing this human aspect of an enemy takes on even greater significance when a belligerent decides that it 's time to negotiate with an adversary , when it 's decided  or reluctantly accepted  that you will not be able to simply impose your will on him . This , by the way , is different than concluding that someone with whom you are still engaged in combat is no longer your enemy , as Vice President Joe Biden recently did when describing the Taliban . But it does mean that you are willing to recognize that he has legitimate political interests and you are willing to talk about them . Under any circumstance , talks with the Taliban will be a difficult task . For one thing , the pressure we can bring to bear on our negotiating partner diminishes daily as American troops leave Afghanistan based on an accelerated timetable rather than on battlefield conditions . A recent survey of national security wonks like myself had a full three-quarters of respondents either opposing these talks or saying they are likely to fail . So this is going to be tough and , as in many difficult undertakings , intelligence will be expected to play an important role . Taliban has met with U.S. officials , wo n't negotiate with Karzai At the most basic level , intelligence will be asked what are the Taliban 's interests or more precisely what is it they think they are . Intelligence will work to steal secrets : What are their demands , their going-in positions , their true red lines ? In this case , negotiators will also want to know whether their Taliban interlocutors actually speak for the whole . Can they deliver on an agreement ? I recall during the Bush administration , in one of our periodic crises with Syria , being asked by the president : "  What does Assad want ? " It was a question that went to the nature of the man . I responded with the often true but rarely useful , "  I do n't know . " And I little helped the situation by meekly adding that I doubted that he did either . We did better during later negotiations with North Korea where , despite whatever negotiating strategy was being proposed , we stuck to the line that we saw little chance that Kim Jong Il would ever give up his nuclear weapons . We 'll need the intelligence agencies to be equally accurate and equally firm in their judgments when it comes to the Taliban talks . Intelligence may be able to help in other ways since it has been routine for American intelligence officials to meet with and come to agreement with foreign counterparts , many of whom share little of our world view , our values or even our interests . A good thing , too , since one of the continuities between Presidents Bush and Obama has been the willingness to work with some unsavory partners such as President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen or several recent incarnations of Pakistan 's ISI . I can recall many a meeting with counterparts where the common space where we might find agreement was challengingly small . In some of those sessions , my counterpart would depart the seemingly fact-based dialogue we had been sharing and launch into a series of conclusions based more on his culture 's creation mythology than on any shared reality I could identify . For a time , I thought it sufficient to simply avoid signaling any agreement at these moments and patiently tolerate the excursion . Only later did I begin to ask myself what of my commentary had my counterpart judged to be American mythology rather than hard realism . Distinguishing and dealing with the differences will be important in the upcoming negotiations . Steve Kappes , who has served as deputy director of CIA for me and Leon Panetta , had to do as much when he earlier negotiated the end of Libya 's WMD program with a regime as vile and erratic as the Taliban . This is not to suggest that intelligence officials will actually conduct negotiations in this instance . Marc Grossman , U.S. special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , brings as much talent , hard work and knowledge to the problem as anyone could . But I am suggesting that if these talks go forward , we will need a very deep understanding of the people across the table from us , people who when last in power imposed a hellish regime on their countrymen and who today have the blood of innocents on their hands . Much of this will be distasteful , but even if the Taliban are n't simply contemporary manifestations of J.R.R. Tolkien 's darkest characters , is there enough common ground to get us to a conclusion we might not ideally desire but is at least what David Petraeus has described in other circumstances as "  Afghan good enough ? " Frankly , I do n't think there is , and intelligence agencies will have to have the courage to say so if this is the case . But we have decided to try and , if we are to have any chance of success , deep understanding of the human beings across the table from us , understanding anchored on near exquisite intelligence , will be essential . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .	Michael Hayden says talks with the Taliban are going to be difficult , unlikely to succeed He says it 's crucial to know as much as you can about the enemy in talks like these Odds of success in talks with Taliban are diminished by U.S. plans for withdrawals , he says
CNN  -- Back in 2007 , when I was participating at a conference on U.S.-China relations , the late U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke repeatedly came back to the importance of not writing the United States off , while warning against getting overexcited about the new emerging China imperium . "  The U.S. , " he said , "  is not going away any time soon . " Holbrooke 's views are evidently shared by the current leadership of China . While many commentators excitedly jabber about the end of the U.S. era and comment on how President Barack Obama -- diminished by his recent electoral drubbing at home -- is regarded as weak and irrelevant in Beijing , the people that matter , namely the Chinese leadership , have proved shrewd enough not to buy into this sort of talk . They see through the transient nature of presidents and their power , and as a strategic political and economic partner , understand that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right : For them , the United States is the one indispensable nation . The proof of this is the comprehensive agreements issued this year during the APEC meeting in Beijing . Forget all the theater of Russian President Vladimir Putin scowling at Obama minutes before trying to engulf the Chinese President 's glamorous wife in a shawl , or the icy image of Chinese President Xi Jinping shaking Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's hand . Because the reality is that -- despite the narrative we might like to impose on all this of a world beating its tracks to Beijing 's door -- for policymakers in Beijing , deals like the one just made with the United States on slashing carbon emissions , or the ones on security and economic cooperation , are the one currency truly worth having . But the most misleading aspect of U.S.-China relations is that while in public they are frequently conducted in snarling rhetoric , underneath both sides probably have more mutual links and increasing common ground than ever before . And while separating the sound and fury from the truth is tough , on the fight against terrorism , the need to find sustainable economic growth , preserving a benign , stable international environment , and increasing predictability in the global financial governance system , China and the United States often pretend they are much further apart than they actually are . Their main business now is tactical -- trying to search out spaces for strategic advantage . With its proposed Asian Free Trade Zone , along with building diverse energy supply links through Russia and central Asia , China is engaged in staking out discrete spaces where it can move without being hedged in . It knows that long arguments with neighbors like Japan peg it down and reduce its space to act . Having as many friends as possible is Xi 's diplomatic priority , after years of brittle tensions with so many countries around China 's land and maritime borders . There is a simple reason for this . China is entering a period of tough economic transition . The Third and Fourth Plenum meetings of the Chinese Communist Party made this clear . Many things need to be done , from raising consumption to addressing water supply issues and the dangerous state of the air quality in the country . Too many rows with the world outside distract from the real business of dealing with these internal matters . And in all these areas , whatever the distrust and misunderstandings held by the world 's second biggest economy toward the largest , the gains from continuing to be constructive and mostly friendly , at least on the surface , far outweigh the benefits of acting tough . Of course , all this might change one day , when China really feels it has to demand more international strategic space and sees the United States as an impediment to that . But APEC this year has underscored that that day is a long time in the future .	Talk of the end of a U.S. era premature , says Kerry Brown Brown : Despite rhetoric , U.S. and China generally agree China entering tough period of transition , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Usually in Washington it 's Republicans and Democrats battling each other but on Thursday night they joined together to battle a common enemy : the Washington Press Corps . In the third annual Congressional Women 's Softball game , members from both sides of the aisle came together to play the Capitol Hill Press Corps to raise about $ 50,000 for the Young Survival Coalition , a group that assists young women facing breast cancer . Rep. Laura Richardson , D-California , started things off with a three-run home run in the first inning but the press women came back to eventually tie things up in the top of the 6th inning , 4-4 . The nail biter went down to the bottom of the 7th and last inning . CNN 's Erika Dimmler made an incredible outfield somersault catch to make it two outs but then Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , came to the plate . Wasserman Schultz , whose jersey simply read "  DWS " , made the incredible game winning hit , driving in Rep. Linda Sanchez , D-California , to win the game 5-4 . Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor , a long time New York Yankees , fan threw out the first pitch as the crowd cheered her on . Bipartisanship was in the crowd too as Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , came to cheer on his team as did Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and a number of others including Reps. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , Dennis Kuchinich , D-Ohio , Democratic Caucus Leader John Larsen , D-Connecticut , and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland . Players included Congressional team MVP and DNC chair Wasserman Schultz , Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , Jean Schmidt , R-Ohio , Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , and Kay Hagan D-North Carolina for the Congressional Women 's team . The press team had players from all five television networks and print , including CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Abby Livingston , Stephanie Kotuby and Erika Dimmler who won MVP for press team , CBS 's Jill Jackson , ABC 's Amy Walter and Chicago Sun-Times ' Lynn Sweet . CNN 's Senior Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash and Wasserman Schultz started the annual game between Members and Press . But this year Bash could only watch on as honorary coach of her "  baby " as she is expecting her own baby next month . Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , who repeatedly pointed out that the average age of the Members ' team is 53 years old , and NBC 's Andrea Mitchell called the game . Mitchell 's husband former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan watched on . With all these members , bipartisan spirit , and a win in their column perhaps successful discussions on the debt limit are next ?	The event draws a bipartisan crowd Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor throws out first pitch The Congressional women beat a team of female journalists 5-4
China has one of the fastest growing economies in the world . Its rapid industrial progress , growing military strength , large population and steadily increasing international influence , are all clear signs that China will have a secure place among the super powers in the near future . The question , raised in a book by journalist Martin Jacques , is not if China will rule the world , but simply when ? In the interview below , Jacques argues that in the twenty-first century , China will challenge our perception of what it is to be modern , and the West will be forced to learn from growing eastern powers . In his view , China will become the largest economy in the world within less than two decades . The former Marxism Today editor is a Senior Fellow at the Department of Politics and International Studies at Cambridge University , and a Visiting Professor at Tsinghua University , Beijing . His bestseller "  When China Rules the World : the End of the Western World and the Birth of a New Global Order , " was first published in 2009 and has since sold over a quarter of a million copies and been translated into fourteen languages . The Financial Times ' Chief business commentator John Gapper interviewed Jacques at Names not Numbers 2014 , an event where CNN International was a media partner . An edited version of the interview is below . John Gapper : Your book is called when China rules the world not if , why when ? Martin Jacques : Well , who knows what will happen , but I think that China 's rise will continue . We are witness to the greatest global economic transformation there 's ever been . The result of it will be that China will become , in time , the leading power in the world . But I do n't think it 's ever going to rule the world , I was taking poetic license with the title ! JG : It seems to me that China do n't see themselves as a threat or as an inevitable power in the same way we do ? MJ : I think that 's correct . The Chinese always stress the fact that they are a poor country and that they are responsible for a fifth of the world 's population . There 's extraordinary unevenness . The only reason they 're a large economic power is because they have so many people , so they 've got a long way to go . The way that the Chinese conceive of themselves in the world is very different from the western tradition . I imagine that most people think that as China rises it will be a bit like the U.S. in some shape or form in the way that it expresses itself , and I think this is probably wrong . The whole Chinese tradition is very different from this , they never really colonized other areas . We tend to think the way that the West has done things is emblematic of the way everyone else will do it . JG : It 's quite difficult then , to see China through a western frame . You 're not Chinese how do you get to understand it ? And if it 's going to have such a huge impact on our lives , how do we get to understand it ? MJ : With great difficulty ! The difficulty with the western mentality is that for 200 years we 've dominated culture , ways of thinking , the economy and military . So we have not really been open to other cultures and ways of thinking , we 've thought that progress is about westernization and becoming more like us . And this is a tremendous weakness in western culture in an era when the center of gravity is going somewhere else , and we are going to be in the position where we will need to learn from something else . Now we 're confronted with the task of making sense of China and it is going to be extremely difficult . To understand China we need to start by accepting that it is very different from western societies and it will remain very different and only if we understand China in its specificity , can we make sense of it . And in my view it will take the whole of this century -- this is not a short term operation .	It is clear that China is on the way to becoming a super power Jacques believes China will become the largest economy in the world in 20 years To understand China we need to accept that it is very different from western societies
Should you find yourself in Hue in central Vietnam , it 'd be a shame not to venture into the stalls of Dong Ba Market for a bowl of bún bò Huế , the city 's legendary -- and remarkably complex -- pork and beef bone soup . Should you find yourself outside of Hue but in an experimental state of mind , it 'd be a shame not to try making the lip-tingling soup at home . Gallery : Scenes from Hue Bún Bò Huế Makes 6 quarts Excerpted from "  Secrets of the Red Lantern : Stories and Vietnamese Recipes from the Heart " by Pauline Nguyen ; Recipes by Luke Nguyen and Mark Jensen . 1/4 cup shrimp paste 2 cups hot water 4 1/2 pounds pork leg meat , skin on 4 1/2 pounds shin beef 2 cups Asian fish sauce 3 white onions , sliced into rings 4 cloves garlic , bruised 1 cup vegetable oil 1 cinnamon stick , lightly pounded 4 cloves 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper 1/4 cup kosher salt 4 1/2 pounds oxtail 2 lemongrass stems , bruised 1 bunch scallions , white stems lightly crushed , green part finely sliced 2 small bunches Vietnamese mint 2 tablespoons sugar 2 lemons , quartered 1 pound bean sprouts 1 pound thick rice vermicelli , cooked as per packer instructions Shrimp paste and chili sauce  recipe below  , for serving Dissolve the shrimp paste in the hot water and leave to steep for 2 hours . Strain the liquid and reserve , discarding the sediment . Marinate the pork leg and shin beef in 1 cup of the fish sauce for one hour . Stir-fry 2 of the sliced onions and the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil until soft and translucent . Wrap in a piece of cheesecloth along with the cinnamon , cloves and black pepper , and set aside . Add 12 quarts of water to a very large saucepan or stockpot with the remaining fish sauce , kosher salt and oxtail , and bring to a boil . Skim the impurities from the stock as they rise to the surface . Once boiled , decrease the heat to a simmer , and skim constantly for 30 minutes . Put the shin beef , pork leg , lemongrass , the white part of the scallions , half the Vietnamese mint and the cheesecloth bag in the sauce pan and return to a boil . Decrease the heat to a slow simmer and continue to cook for 1 1/2 hours , skimming regularly . Carefully remove all of the meat from the stock and set aside . Add the shrimp paste liquid and sugar and continue to cook at a slow simmer for 1 hour , or until reduced by half . Strain the soup through a fine sieve layered with cheesecloth into another saucepan and allow to cool . The broth can be stored for 3 days in the refrigerator or frozen for up to 3 months . To serve the bún bò Huế , allow 1 2/3 cups of stock per person and bring the amount of stock to a boil . Slice the shin beef and pork leg into ⅛ - inch-thick slices . Place a handful of vermicelli noodles into individual serving bowls and layer 3 slices of beef , 3 slices of pork and 1 oxtail in each bowl over the noodles . Put 2 teaspoons of the shrimp paste and chili sauce on top of the meats and top with the boiling stock . Garnish each bowl with some onion rings and slices from the green part of the scallions . Serve with lemon wedges , Vietnamese mint and bean sprouts on the side , plus fresh sliced chile , pure fish sauce and extra shrimp paste and chili sauce for dipping . Shrimp Paste and Chili Sauce Makes 1 cup 1/2 cup vegetable oil 1/2 cup ground garlic 2 lemongrass stems , finely chopped 1/4 cup chili flakes 1/2 cup chili oil 2 tablespoons shrimp paste Place a saucepan over medium heat , pour in the vegetable oil and fry the garlic until light brown . Remove the garlic from the oil and set aside . Add the lemongrass and chili flakes to the oil and fry for 2 minutes , until lightly browned . Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the chili oil to stop the cooking process . Add the fried garlic back to the oil along with the shrimp paste and mix well to combine .	Hue is a city in central Vietnam and the former Imperial capital Bun bo Hue is the "  greatest soup in the world , " according to Anthony Bourdain Some of Hue 's tastiest bites are served at one of the countless plastic-stool street restaurants
CNN  -- Bob McDonald , President Barack Obama 's pick to head the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs , has been in the hot seat before . That 's when he led global consumer products giant Procter & Gamble in the throes of the Great Recession , gaining praise and criticism for aggressive management before being replaced by the board . Now , if confirmed by the Senate , he must leverage his military and corporate credentials to at least begin restructuring a sprawling agency the Obama administration now concludes has serious problems delivering adequate health care mainly due to ineffective leadership . P&G McDonald attended West Point and served a stint in the Army before earning an MBA from the University of Utah . He worked his way up the ranks of P&G over three decades before landing the top job . There , his role was to restructure and streamline the conglomerate with 120,000 employees , 25 brands and $ 1 billion in revenue . Its diverse and recognizable brand lineup included Bounty paper towels , Duracell batteries , Pampers diapers and Tide detergent . His bio says his leadership strategically improved performance and that the company 's stock rose 60 % during his four-year tenure . By the time McDonald landed in the top "  C-suite " job , his prescription was to shrink the company . His plan was to save about $ 10 billion over four years , including significant marketing cuts and a 10 % workforce reduction . He was rewarded with a $ 15.9 million salary during 2013 , his last year . Ultimately , he was ousted with critics arguing the company was n't moving fast enough to improve efficiency . Chief among them was hedge fund investor Bill Ackman , who contended McDonald served on the boards of too many other organizations to focus properly on P&G 's needs . The company said Ackman 's claims were overstated . Despite the investor controversy , P&G won several awards under McDonald 's tenure . It was twice named best company for leaders by Chief Executive Magazine , and ranked first among over 2,000 companies in a leadership study by the management consultants at Hay Group . Military credentials McDonald also served five years in the Army , rising to captain following his military academy training . He has maintained close ties to West Point , establishing a conference to teach leadership skills . But McDonald 's relatively light military experience is concerning to some veterans groups . Paul Rieckhoff , President of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , called Obama 's choice "  surprising . " "  He 's been away from the military for quite a while , and will have to move quickly to show he is committed to and understands the post-9 / 11 generation of veterans , " he added . By contrast , his predecessor , Eric Shinseki , had been an Army general . Shinseki resigned under pressure in May with the VA engulfed in searing controversy over delayed care with deadly results , allegations of coverup , and revelations of severe management shortcomings . Political savvy While a businessman , McDonald has been familiar with the ways of Washington . He was appointed by President George W. Bush and reappointed by Obama to be a member of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy . He has also engaged in the political process with campaign contributions totaling $ 30,000 made exclusively to Republicans . Half of that went to Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential campaign and political action committee , according to Federal Election Commission records . Not long after that news emerged , House Speaker John Boehner praised McDonald , calling him "  a good man , a veteran , and a strong leader . " "  With those traits , he 's the kind of person who is capable of implementing the kind of dramatic systemic change that is badly needed and long overdue at the VA , " Boehner said . McDonald has contributed to Boehner 's coffers as well . McDonald currently serves on the board of the Xerox Corporation as well as U.S. Steel and several advisory groups . If confirmed , McDonald will take over an agency still under investigation by the VA inspector general and the FBI . The VA provides medical care and other services to more than 8 million veterans . CNNMoney 's Zain Asher and CNN 's Erin McPike contributed to this report	President Obama is expected to nominate Bob McDonald to head the VA He led Procter & Gamble during the Great Recession He was forced out of his job after four years but received high marks from some He has donated exclusively to Republican candidates
CNN  -- One week ago , Kyle Stanley was reduced to tears after a heartbreaking collapse saw him surrender a seven-shot lead in the final round of the Farmers Insurance Open . On Sunday , the American was once again in tears . But this time they were tears of joy after Stanley benefited from a similarly dramatic meltdown from Spencer Levin to seal a one-stroke win at the Waste Management Open in Phoenix , Arizona . Stanley carded a six-under-par 65 in the final round to finish 15 under for the tournament , while Levin blew a six-shot overnight lead by hitting a four-over 75 . "  I think the biggest challenge was seeing if I could put last week behind me , " Stanley told the PGA Tour 's official website after picking up his first professional win . Why golf  and big business  still needs Tiger "  I think I did . You go from a very low point to a high point . I 'm not sure I expected to maybe recover this quickly . " Stanley said his experience at Torrey Pines -- where he triple-bogeyed the 18th and missed a five-foot putt in a playoff against eventual winner Brandt Snedeker -- made his triumph all the better . "  I 'm never going to forget that , " he said of his nightmare final round said . "  But I think it makes this one a lot sweeter , just being able to bounce back . "  I 'm kind of at a loss for words . I 'm very grateful for the support I 've gotten . It 's unbelievable . Unbelievable turnaround . " Levin 's horrible round was compounded by a disastrous sequence of events at the par-five 15th , where his drive found a cactus patch before he hit his third shot into the water . "  It just was n't my day , obviously , " said Levin , who is still looking for his first Tour victory . "  But I gave it away , simple as that . You have a six-shot lead and lose , you gave it away . "  My hat 's off to Kyle . He played a great round . He went and got it . But if you 've got a six-shot lead and do n't win , then I think it 's on the player with the lead , for sure . " Stanley took home a check for $ 1.098 million and moved to the top of the early-season FedEx Cup standings . Ben Crane  66  finished the weekend in second on 14 under , with Levin third on 13 under and D.J. Trahan on 12 under after a 66 . World No. 19 Bubba Watson  70  was tied for fifth on 11 under alongside fellow Americans Brendan Steele  64  and Kevin Na  65  . Keegan Bradley , the 2011 PGA Championship winner , was in a four-way tie for 15th after a four-under 67 , with 2010 PGA Tour rookie of the year Rickie Fowler -- ranked 37th in the world -- carding a 69 to finish on six under in a six-way tie for 26th . Snedeker tied for 50th on two under after a 68 .	American golfer Kyle Stanley wins first professional title at the Phoenix Open Stanley blew a seven-shot lead at the Farmers Insurance Open one week ago Stanley capitalizes on Spencer Levin 's capitulation after he blew a six-shot overnight lead The win gives Stanley over $ 1m in prize money and puts him top of FedEx Cup standings
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Michael Douglas sat among a thousand other friends , family and clients of slain Hollywood publicist Ronni Chasen as tears were shed and laughs shared at her funeral Sunday . Chasen , 64 , died from gunshots fired into her Mercedes-Benz as she turned off Sunset Boulevard on her way home from a star-studded premiere celebration for the movie "  Burlesque " last Tuesday morning . Her mysterious murder in a posh Beverly Hills neighborhood not only stunned her friends , but it sent fear through the exclusive community . Chasen was master at creating Oscar buzz Beverly Hills Police Chief David Snowden asked journalists Friday to keep "  erroneous information , theories or speculation " out of their stories about the killing . The chief assured residents it was "  a rare , isolated incident and that the Beverly Hills community remains one of the safest in the nation . " There is no prevailing theory on whether the attack was road rage or a planned hit , a police official said . No motive or suspects have been identified , he said . The chapel at Culver City , California 's Hillside Memorial Park was packed Sunday with the actors , composers , producers , publicists and journalists the public relations veteran worked with for the last three decades . Douglas , who suffers from throat cancer , did not speak at the funeral for his former publicist . Lili Fini Zanuck , a film producer and friend , told mourners that Chasen 's death brought the Los Angeles entertainment industry to "  a standstill . " Reporters were kept at the cemetery gate , but publicist Stephen Jaffe described the service to CNN as "  very moving " and full of "  a whole lot of love and respect " for Chasen . Speakers , including Chasen 's brother , television producer-writer Larry Cohen , brought laughter as they shared stories about her life . Composer Hans Zimmer , who was a longtime Chasen client , also spoke at the funeral .	Chasen 's death brought the entertainment industry to a standstill , a producer says The slain publicist 's funeral was closed to the news media Beverly Hills police still have no motive or suspect in the shooting
CNN Student News  -- May 18 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What do you think that viewers learn from stories about graduates who have overcome adversity ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What insect is disappearing in what scientists call "  colony collapse disorder " ? * * 2 . Which Republican candidate for president won both the Nebraska and Oregon primaries this week ? * * 3 . On what date does the eastern Pacific hurricane season begin ? * * 4 . What bank recently announced that one of its units had lost $ 2 billion ? * * 5 . What European country did French President Francois Hollande visit immediately after his inauguration ? * * 6 . What social media site is scheduled to launch its IPO on Friday ? * * 7 . What word means "  beginning " or "  start " and refers to a graduation ceremony ? * * 8 . In what African country did an oil worker recently discover the wreckage of a British Royal Air Force plane that went down in World War II ? * * 9 . What country operates the Soyuz spacecraft ? * * 10 . What European nation 's political parties failed to form a coalition and scheduled new elections for next month ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The BBC is embroiled in a scandal that one of its veteran correspondents has called its worst crisis in nearly 50 years -- over its response to allegations that have turned a beloved on-air personality into one of the most reviled figures in the UK . Since his death a year ago at age 84 , Jimmy Savile , the popular TV host , disc jockey and charity fundraiser has been knocked off his perch as a national treasure , accused of being a predatory pedophile who used his fame and position to abuse youngsters , sometimes on BBC premises . The corporation has been widely criticized for its handling of the crisis . British police say more than 200 possible victims have now been identified in what one officer Commander Peter Spindler said was "  alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale . " But who was Jimmy Savile and how did he become the eccentric star -- a cigar-smoking , jewel-encrusted , larger-than-life character who was rewarded with a knighthood for his charitable work ? He mixed with British high society , and his death was greeted with sadness by many , including Prince Charles and his wife , the Duchess of Cornwall . He was buried with customary glitz in a gold-colored coffin and with a green beret presented to him by the Royal Marines -- but his life began amid much humbler surroundings . Savile was born in Leeds in northern England on Halloween in 1926 and as a teenager conscripted to work as a coal miner during World War II -- these young wartime miners were known as the Bevin Boys . He was one of the surviving Bevin Boys who received an award from the then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2008 for helping to keep the mines operational during the conflict . Savile suffered serious spinal injuries in a mine explosion and left the colliery but it does n't appear to have stopped him from lifelong participation in sport . In the 1950s he took up wrestling and cycling , and he appeared regularly on British television running in marathons for charity even into his 70s . In an interview with the Guardian newspaper in 2000 he spoke of his love of sport . "  If you look at the athletics of it , " he told the newspaper , "  I 've done over 300 professional bike races , 212 marathons and 107 pro fights . " He proudly announced that he lost 35 of his first 35 fights . "  No wrestler wanted to go back home and say a long-haired disc jockey had put him down . So from start to finish I got a good hiding . I 've broken every bone in my body . I loved it . " Cycling Weekly reported last year that he also had been a semi-professional cyclist and competed as Oscar ` The Duke ' Savile in the 1951 Tour of Britain , and supported cycling charities most of his life . His broadcast career took off in the early 1960s but he said he had been playing records in dance halls from the mid-1940s , later claiming that he was the first to use the double-deck turntable , though commentators have pointed out that they were available decades earlier . He recalled selling just 12 tickets for his first show but said he enjoyed creating what he referred to as the "  atmosphere . " "  There was this amazing effect : what I was doing was causing 12 people to do something , " he told DJHistory.com in 2004 . "  My thrill is looking at them , and they 're all doing what they 're doing because I 've just put this thing on . It 's a hell of a thing , " he said . He joined the independent station Radio Luxembourg as a DJ in 1958 , but his big break came in 1964 when the BBC approached Savile to be the first host of "  Top of the Pops " -- a show that became a huge hit for the BBC . It also began a 30-year TV career that was a showcase for his extravagant dress , yodels and catchphrases like "  Now then , now then , and "  How 's about that then . " The BBC gave him his own show between 1975 and 1994 in which he helped hundreds of hopefuls , mostly children , fulfill their dreams to meet famous people and take part in stunts . "  Jim 'll Fix It " aired in the prime teatime slot on a Saturday , and at the height of its popularity , the BBC said it was receiving 20,000 requests a week . Famous fixes included an encounter with boxing legend Muhammad Ali and the boy scouts who wanted to eat their packed lunches on a roller coaster , resulting in a predictable mess . Generations of Britons also remember him for a string of public information films including a road safety promotion that encouraged motorists to use their seat belts -- a campaign that started before wearing belts became compulsory in the UK . Savile 's closing catchphrase "  clunk click every trip " was instantly memorable and caught on with the watching public . He also promoted the national rail network in a campaign dubbed "  This is the age of the train . " Savile was knighted in the 1990 Queen 's Birthday Honors for "  charitable services , " adding to the OBE  Order of the British Empire  he received in the 1970s , and he set up the Jimmy Savile Charitable Trust . Savile was well-known for raising money through charity runs but also worked as a volunteer hospital porter and had a close association with the Stoke Mandeville Hospital spinal injuries unit . Stoke Mandeville 's Jimmy 's CafÃ © , named after the TV personality , has now been changed since the sex abuse scandal surfaced and following specific allegations widely reported in the British press that one of his alleged victims Caroline Moore , now 53 , was sexually assaulted by Savile in a Stoke Mandeville corridor in 1971 , when she was a 13-year-old patient . He told the BBC in 2000 that he had raised Â # 40m  $ 64 million  for charity during his lifetime . In 1988 Savile was appointed to a senior role at Broadmoor Hospital -- a high security psychiatric hospital in England that treats some of the most dangerous men in the country -- a role that is now being investigated by the UK 's Department of Health . The department says that in hindsight he should not have been appointed . Although he was perceived as an odd and eccentric character , the British public has been shocked by the allegations . The Savile family had his tombstone removed from his burial site out of "  respect to public opinion . " Dominic Sandbrook , author of a series of histories of modern Britain , told CNN : "  Because he was associated with the BBC , people trusted him and thought of him as a family-friendly face . He was a massive presence in the living rooms of millions of British families . " But when Jimmy Savile died , fellow BBC disc jockey Tony Blackburn hinted that he was an isolated figure , telling the BBC : "  He was just a complete one-off . I think he was a bit of a lonely character as well . In the privacy of his own life I do n't think he had very many friends . " Film-maker Louis Theroux perhaps gained more of an insight into what many would regard as odd behavior . In a documentary made in 2000 he interviewed Savile in a flat where his mother had lived but still kept her clothing hanging in the wardrobe 27 years after her death . In the same program he also revealed that he only took a single pair of underpants with him when he went away and washed them in the sink every night . Despite hosting a children 's show , Theroux asked him why he hated youngsters and he replied : "  We live in a very funny world and it 's easier for me as a single man to say I do n't like children because that puts a lot of salacious tabloid people off the hunt . " And when he was confronted about sexual abuse allegations in a 2007 radio interview , he brushed it off with a laugh , saying : "  What 's the point of responding to something that 's not true ? " The extensive investigations into Savile 's behavior are only just beginning , but it appears his reputation as a fun-loving host of pop and a tireless charity worker are already ruined .	Flamboyant BBC TV host , who died in 2011 , accused of being a prolific child abuser Savile hosted "  Top of the Pops " and "  Jim 'll Fix It , " a BBC show mostly for children UK police say more than 200 possible victims of Savile 's sexual abuse now identified BBC has been widely criticized for its handling of the Savile crisis
CNN  -- It 's no miracle that Wendy Owan wo n't be stuck in highway traffic Christmas Day , carrying covered dishes to a family celebration in Brooklyn , New York . The Queens resident made sure of it months ago . Owan and her adult daughter will be leaving winter behind as they embark on the Carnival Miracle on Christmas Eve , setting sail for a seven-day cruise to Port Canaveral , followed by Nassau and Freeport in the Bahamas . They return New Year 's Day . "  I 've never cruised during the holidays before , but I am so looking forward to leaving all the stress behind for eight wonderfully relaxing days at sea , " said Owan , the New York School of Urban Ministry 's director of ministry services , who has been doing post-Sandy relief work for weeks . "  The Miracle apparently has a dome of some sort that can enclose the pool . I 'm hoping for snow so that I can sail away in the midst of it in the pool . " Share your picks : Where to eat like a local The prospect of traveling to a relative 's home for the holidays or hosting all of those relatives leaves some people running for the hills -- or the sea , or the nearest resort . When everyone 's a guest , no one relative or family has to bear the burden of taking care of everyone else . And no one relative gets to decide whose holiday traditions will be followed during the holiday season . About 84 million Americans say they plan to travel over the holidays this year , according to a recent American Express Travel Spending and Saving Tracker Survey . Many of them are n't traveling to anyone 's home , say American Express travel agents . Resorts and cruise lines are popular choices "  I have so many clients that are actually looking to get away during the holidays , with large resorts and cruise lines being among the most popular , " said American Express Travel agent Debbie Wynne-Parry . "  Some may want to take advantage of those extra holiday days off so they do n't burn as many vacation days during the year . Others may want to get away from the inclement weather , not want to deal with the hassle of cooking and cleaning . And many people are even turning to holiday vacations in lieu of presents , especially in cases where the family 's children are a bit older . " Relaxation is usually the name of the game for people looking to get away for the holidays . "  For a multigenerational family , a cruise is a great way to meet up on one place but not meet up on anyone 's home turf , " said Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic . "  There 's less chance for family conflicts . You have your own space and time on a trip , but you can get together for dinner . You 're not smooshed together all the time . " Five real-life wonderlands Cruises are pricey , but ships do take care of meals and most decorations , leaving guests to decorate their room doors if they like . But if you want to get rooms near each other , Brown advises booking for next year about nine months in advance . And buy travel insurance , she says , in case anyone gets sick or hurt in the meantime . Land-based resorts also take care of the Christmas cheer and dÃ © cor . Kingsmill Resort in Williamsburg , Virginia , tries to attend to every Christmas detail for its guests , many of whom come 15 to a group year after year . Some holiday packages even include a small Christmas tree in the suite , so children can still find Santa 's presents under a tree by the fireplace . Other holiday touches include carolers greeting guests at the entrance , Saturday lunches with Santa and sleigh rides that end up by the firepit with s'mores . "  You can still wake up Christmas morning with a tree by the fireplace and breakfast in our dining room with a buffet prepared by our chef , " said Allison Patterson , Kingsmill 's events director . "  It makes you feel like you 're home for the holidays , but you do n't have to make the beds or wash the dishes . " Everyone 's on "  neutral ground " San Franciscan Debbie Dare does n't look for a "  traditional " East Coast snowy holiday for her Christmas celebration . She 's looking for fun , kitsch , good Chinese food and poker with her mom for her Christmas celebration in Las Vegas . Las Vegas is "  neutral ground  not going to any one 's hometown of Los Angeles or San Francisco  , it 's bright and shiny  there 's always something new , a restaurant , another tacky celebrity niche store  , the Chinese food in their Chinatown is excellent , and there 's constant entertainment as nothing ever closes in Vegas , even on Christmas , " Dare wrote in an e-mail . Eight hotels that do the holidays right Her family members have even established their own "  Christmas in Vegas " rituals . "  My favorite thing is to sit next to my mom and play pai gow poker . She taught me how . I always ask her for advice , each and every hand , and she does her ` mmmmmm , not like that ' or when looking at her own hand , ` Jeezus , I got nothing ! ' I 'm nervous and happy at the same time . " That works for her six-member family , which does n't include any small children . But if you 're still traveling with small ones , you may want a more traditional Christmas . Make a plan for Santa and his presents That can be hard to do via airplane , because anything that Santa brings on Christmas Day must be lugged back whenever you depart .  Driving vacations make it easier if you have trunk space .  After all , what child wants to wait until their best presents are shipped back ? Consider trading the non-Santa presents before or after your travels and bringing stockings so there are some presents to open on Christmas Day . If the family includes Santa believers , American Express Travel 's Wynne-Perry suggests having them write Santa a letter to tell him where you 'll be during Christmas . Consider adjoining or interconnecting rooms for more family time  if you want it  . If you enjoy them , stick to the same rituals on vacation as you would at home . Make any restaurant reservations well in advance . And be aware of any baggage that comes with some presents , like battery requirements or travel rules .  Airline security frowns on Daisy Red Ryder BB guns . Top U.S. travel spots for 2013 And talk to your children , says Eileen Gunn , founder of FamiliesGo ! , a family travel website . "  When the kids are 2 or 3 years old , they 'll go along with whatever you say , " even that Santa came early or is coming later , Gunn said . "  At 6 or 7 , they start asking questions . It depends on your kids , their ages and their inquisitiveness . " Drama may follow you on vacation And remember you ca n't completely escape the family drama if you 're traveling with the family that causes the drama  including yourself  . "  You 're not leaving everything when you travel with family , " said Pauline Wallin , a psychologist with a practice in Camp Hill , Pennsylvania . "  There 's an initial settling-in period when everyone is nice to each other . The way you interact with family on neutral territory wo n't necessarily show up for the first 24 to 48 hours . After that , you become like your family is used to becoming . At least when it starts to grate on you  at a resort  , you can retreat to the pool . " Just do n't be surprised if Aunt Susie makes a comment about your weight or Uncle Harold teases you about not being married yet . "  If you can predict this going to happen , why are you so surprised when it does ? " asked Wallin . "  Remember that Christmas Day is just 24 hours . You can get through 24 hours . People can hold it together when there 's a time limit . " Where are you going for the holidays ? What are you hoping to find or avoid ? Please share in the comments section below .	Traveling for the holidays means no one person or family member has to care for everyone else Resorts and ships take care of the decor , the meals and the changing of the sheets Activities can provide an escape from relatives asking about marriage , children and weight Santa Claus may have to deliver a lighter load to a traveling child
Madrid  CNN  -- The European Commission on Wednesday rescinded its health warning against cucumbers from Spain , according to a statement from the Spanish Health Ministry . Spanish officials have been denying accusations that their country was the cause of a deadly E. coli outbreak that has swept across Germany and Sweden . The health warning was lifted after Spanish authorities shared negative test results on the produce in question with the commission , the statement noted . Last week , German officials implied Spanish cucumbers were the cause of an illness that has sickened more than 1,000 people . The outbreak is responsible for 15 deaths in Germany and one in Sweden , according to media reports citing local authorities . CNN has confirmed at least 12 deaths including the one in Sweden , a woman who had recently visited Germany . Spanish Deputy Prime Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Spain will not rule out "  taking action against the authorities  in Germany  who questioned the quality of our products . " He was speaking in an SER radio interview . The Robert Koch Institute , Germany 's federal unit responsible for disease control and prevention , has reported 1,064 cases of E. coli infection , and 470 cases of hemolytic-uremic syndrome  HUS  , a serious complication that can result from E. coli . Rubalcaba later responded forcefully to the accusation that the outbreak originated with produce from Spain after chairing a meeting of government officials and fresh produce exporters Wednesday in the southern city of Almeria . "  What we ask of Germany is get to the bottom of this , " Rubalcaba told a nationally televised news conference after the meeting . "  The country most interested in knowing the truth is Spain . It 's not our products . All of the people who are affected are in Hamburg or were in Hamburg , so it seems the problem is there . " "  The proof is that there are no cases in Spain . If the bacteria came from Spain , we would see infections . Our products are absolutely clean , our cucumbers in this case . It 's not a problem of the origin of the products , " Rubalcaba said . "  If it was from the cucumbers , there would be cases  of illness  in Spain , " Rubalcaba said , adding that there have n't been . "  The Hamburg  Germany  authorities do n't know where it comes from . I understand they have a problem . We have said , ` You need to say it was n't us . ' " While authorities in Germany worked to contain and respond to the outbreak , the specific cause remained unclear . The European Food Safety Alert Network said EHEC , or enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli , a strain of E. coli that causes hemorrhaging in the intestines , was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to countries including Austria , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Germany , Hungary , Luxembourg and Spain . But the source has not yet been pinpointed , authorities said . Spanish officials and export producers have talked publicly of demanding compensation from Germany or the European Union . The produce export sector says it stands to lose $ 290 million a week , as consumer fears over cucumbers have spread to most European countries , largely stopping imports of Spanish produce , including tomatoes , lettuce and other vegetables . Rubalcaba told the news conference there 'll be time to talk about demands for proper compensation but added , "  It 's evident they have endangered the jobs of many people without proof . We know  the infection  is a serious problem , but the Spanish products have nothing to do with that crisis . " Health officials in Hamburg , where many remain hospitalized from the infection , said Thursday that Spanish cucumbers appeared to carry the E. coli . But on Tuesday , they said two of the three Spanish cucumbers tested showed they did not carry the E. coli strain that has caused the health problems , while a third Spanish cucumber and another cucumber of unknown origin were still being tested . Spanish media reported that as a significant backtracking by Germany . The export producers federation Fepex issued a statement Wednesday saying the "  priority now is to return to normal in the European markets for fruits and vegetables and re-establish confidence in Spanish products after Germany corrected itself on Tuesday and removed Spanish cucumbers as the origin of the lethal strain of E. coli . " Germany is the top purchaser of Spain 's produce , according to Fepex . In 2010 , Spain exported 9.4 million tons of produce ; a quarter of that went to Germany , Fepex said . Fresh produce exports had $ 11 billion in revenue overall in 2010 . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	NEW : The European Commission lifts its health warning against Spanish cucumbers "  It 's not our products , " Spanish official insists Media report 16 deaths linked to the outbreak , including 1 in Sweden The specific source has not been pinpointed
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Alex -- the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season this year -- formed in the Caribbean on Saturday as BP continued to battle a massive oil spill in the Gulf . Alex had maximum sustained winds of 40 mph  65 kph  and was about 250 miles away from Chetumal , Mexico . It was moving toward Belize and over the Yucatan Peninsula . It was not clear whether the storm could hit the part of the Gulf affected by the massive oil spill that has been gushing since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded April 20 , killing 11 workers . A tropical storm in the oil-tainted Gulf of Mexico would disrupt BP efforts to drill relief wells and capture the oil at sea . It would also complicate efforts to clean up miles of coastline . High winds and seas could distribute the oil -- still gushing from a blown deepwater well -- over a wider area while storm surges could wash more oil ashore , according to a fact sheet prepared by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . A tropical storm warning is in effect for the coast of Belize , the east coast of the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico , and various islands of Honduras . It means storm conditions are expected within the warning area within 36 hours . Meteorologist Karen Maginnis says the "  preferred scenario " actually would be for the storm to head to northern Florida . That 's because the oil spill has been gradually rotating counterclockwise . If the storm heads to the east of it , it would send the oil farther out to sea . If the storm heads more directly towards the central Gulf and Louisiana , it might push the oil toward Florida . Of course , forecasting where oil spills are headed in not easy . "  We 're really in unchartered territory , " Maginnis said . "  We 've never been in this situation before . We 've never seen an oil spill that encompassed the Gulf like this , end up so close to shore . " She noted that the latest models do point to the storm heading to the central Gulf . Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , who 's heading the federal cleanup operation , says he 'll have to redeploy people and equipment to safer areas 120 hours  five days  in advance of gale-force winds . And he agreed there is "  no playbook " when it comes to responding to a massive oil spill as a storm brews . "  But I will tell you there 's been an extraordinary amount of planning being done , " he told CNN . "  We are going to try to merge two response structures . One has proven effective in the past , and that 's a central coordination of search and rescue and how operations are conducted , and that 's done out of Tyndall Air Force Base in Florida for hurricanes . And we are in the process of integrating our planning processes so the oil spill response is integrated fully within the search and rescue recovery operations . " But a powerful storm would not just disrupt efforts to drill relief wells and capture the oil at sea , of course . It would complicate efforts to clean up miles of coastline . "  It 's going to mean we 're going to have to find a way to maneuver all our resources , change things , " said Grover Robinson , chairman of the Escambia County Commission in Pensacola , Florida . "  We wo n't be able to fight the oil for a couple of days . And we have no idea about winds and current and what it will do to the oil in the gulf . So obviously , it 's a very big concern for us . " Allen said he and some top Obama administration officials , including Vice President Joe Biden , will be headed back to the Gulf region next week to assess the oil relief efforts . But in a new blow to fishermen , Mississippi officials announced that waters east of the Gulfport shipping channel would be closed to shrimping , because of oil sighted in the area . Meanwhile , there been some promising news for potentially tens of thousands of people seeking claims against BP . Kenneth Feinberg , who is administering the $ 20 billion fund set up by BP under White House prodding , says that people who work in support of oil rigs will be able to file claims -- and not just fishermen and businesses along the coast . Employees of businesses that brings tools to oil rigs , for example , also would be able to file a claim . The company previously agreed to set aside the $ 20 billion in an escrow account for spill-related costs , a sum that does not cover fees and penalties that could be imposed by the federal government . BP had resisted approving claims by people who said they were affected by the moratorium on oil drilling , saying it was imposed by the Obama administration . But Feinberg said BP and the administration now have agreed those claims will be covered . "  I now have discovered -- I did n't realize this until yesterday , but the moratorium claims will fall under my jurisdiction , " he told CNN . To date , almost 74,000 claims have been filed and more than 39,000 payments have been made , totaling almost $ 126 million , according to the company . In another development , there has been some promising news in the effort to permanently stop the leak . BP said Friday its "  ranging " process , by which it sends an electrical current that puts out an electromagnetic field down the well bore , detected Wednesday where the leaking well is in relation to the first relief well , at a depth of 16,275 feet . BP said subsequent ranging runs will be needed to more precisely locate the leaking well and figure out how to best intersect the two . "  What they will do is continue to drill down in short intervals , withdraw the pipe , put that sensing device down and slowly close on the well bore to the point where they 're ready to do the intercept drilling . This last part takes some time because they only do several hundred feet at a time . " said Allen . "  They 'll also have a vessel standing by full of mud on the top , so in the event there were to get really close and potentially nick the well bore , they could actually put the mud down to control any hydrocarbons that might come out . " Drilling and ranging operations will continue over the next few weeks toward the target intercept depth of approximately 18,000 feet . "  Kill " operations are expected to begin when the relief well reaches the leaking well . BP said drilling also continues on a second relief well , which has reached 10,500 feet . Costs associated with the Gulf oil disaster have gone up more than $ 300 million in less than a week , BP said Friday . "  The cost of the response to date amounts to approximately $ 2.35 billion , including the cost of the spill response , containment , relief well drilling , grants to the Gulf states , claims paid and federal costs , " a company statement said . BP put the tab at $ 2 billion on Monday . Meanwhile , Deepwater drilling could resume by the end of July . U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Thursday denied a request to keep a six-month moratorium imposed by President Barack Obama on May 27 in place , pending a government appeal . The government has 30 days to show it is beginning to comply with Feldman 's order and start issuing permits . The appeals process can continue , but until the appeal , the government must act as if Feldman 's order will be upheld . Feldman turned down the government 's request for a stay of his order late Thursday , and the Justice Department appealed that ruling to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans . Government lawyers filed an appeal to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Friday , asking the court to stay Feldman 's order pending the appeals . CNN 's Brandon Miller contributed to this report	NEW : Tropical Storm Alex forms in the Caribbean NEW : Not clear whether storm could hit part of Gulf affected by oil spill NEW : Justice Department goes to appeals court to keep moratorium on drilling
New York  CNN  -- The family of late Beatles music icon John Lennon on Wednesday voiced opposition to a controversial process of natural gas drilling known as fracking , Sean Lennon , who appeared at a press conference in New York with his mother , Yoko Ono , said fracking is "  dirty , it 's just inherently dirty . " "  The bottom line is there is a campaign of misinformation to try to tell people that hydraulic fracturing is a clean alternative to coal or other fossil fuels , " he said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is expected to take up the decision on whether to allow fracking , or horizontal hydraulic fracturing , which involves pumping millions of gallons of water and chemicals into shale formations deep beneath the Earth 's surface . This process causes the fracturing of the rock and the release of natural gas , but has raised concerns over the potential for chemicals to seep into the drinking water supply . Drought-stricken fracking firms turn to farms ' water wells for help Lennon unveiled a campaign called "  Artists Against Fracking " to oppose the expansion of the process while it is under review by New York 's Department of Environmental Conservation . The regulatory decision would not require a vote in the state legislature . Lennon 's family acquired a farm in upstate New York in the 1970s , and he said he grew concerned about fracking after being invited to a community meeting held by the natural gas industry that was seeking to expand drilling . Those concerns led Lennon to form "  Artists Against Fracking , " with his mother 's help , and to sign up former Beatles Sir Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , as well as actors Mark Ruffalo and Anne Hathaway , among more than 100 other artists . "  We just asked friends to call friends and it accelerated from there , " Lennon said . "  When people who do n't know much about it , or are on the fence , when they realize that it 's water and air , which is something we all relate to and depend on , most reasonable people want to get on board . " A de facto moratorium on horizontal hydraulic fracturing has been in place since 2010 while the state conducts an environmental review of the process , which is widespread in neighboring Pennsylvania , which shares the Marcellus Shale formation with New York . Cornell Engineering Professor Anthony Ingraffea , who appeared at the Artists Against Fracking conference , said industry data show one out of 20 wells leak . "  No matter what the industry tells you , their own data ... proves conclusively to any reasonable scientist or engineer that it is impossible to design any well so it will never leak , " Ingraffea said . "  Wells will leak . Wells do leak . The best and the brightest in that industry have been trying to solve that problem for 100 years . " But John Holko , president of Lenape Resources , which operates 237 wells in New York using the older vertical hydraulic method , said he did not believe the figures on well leakage were accurate . "  I have not seen data that supports that . " The Independent Oil and Gas Association of New York , which advocates for the drilling industry , said fracking had helped reduce U.S. carbon dioxide emissions to their lowest levels since the early 1990s . "  Artists who have turned into activists on this issue are being led by those who are more comfortable twisting the facts and taking part in street theater , stunts and gimmicks , " said IOGA President Brad Gill . "  They are ignoring the prosperity and environmental protection that modern natural gas development is bringing to many other states . " The renewed debate over fracking came after press reports that Cuomo was nearing a decision on allowing limited fracking in five counties in southeastern New York , near the Pennsylvania border . But a spokesman for Cuomo said no decision had been reached , and was not expected to come for weeks . Any move would follow the release of a final report by the state Department of Environmental Conservation . "  Our review of high-volume hydraulic fracturing is continuing and no decisions have been made , " the agency said , noting it was preparing a response to the 80,000 comments received from the public . "  Once we review the comments , we will make any necessary changes to the documents . We will most likely release the final documents by the end of the year . " According to analysts , the U.S. Energy Policy Act of 2005 exempted industry from federal oversight , meaning that all regulatory authority falls to state authorities , rather than the Environmental Protection Agency . It is up to Cuomo to decide whether to proceed with fracking . It will fall upon the Department of Environmental Conservation to issue permits for horizontal hydraulic fracturing . Debate over fracking , quakes gets louder	Sean Lennon among artists against fracking in New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is expected to take up the decision on whether to allow fracking Fracking involves pumping water , chemicals into shale formations to release natural gas
CNN  -- The United States women 's soccer team remains on course to defend its Olympic title after reaching the semifinals on Friday , while rivals Brazil and Great Britain crashed out . The U.S. beat New Zealand 2-0 to set a Monday clash with North American rival Canada , which defeated host Britain 2-0 . In the other semifinal , World Cup champion Japan will play first-time Olympic qualifier France . Veteran striker Abby Wambach gave the U.S. a 27th-minute lead as she turned home a cross from fellow forward Alex Morgan at the far post , making up for the duo 's earlier misses . It was her fourth goal in four games so far in the tournament , and eighth in all Olympic appearances . "  Everything she does on and off the field , she leads this team . If you look at this game today , she scored a huge goal , " coach Pia Sundhage said of the 32-year-old Wambach , whose 142 international goals from 186 games is second only behind former teammate Mia Hamm in the scoring stakes . Morgan had three more second-half chances but the Americans could not make the game safe until the 87th minute when her replacement Sydney Leroux scored . "  We thought that we needed a little bit of a spark , " Sundhage said . "  This bench will win games for us . The fact that Syd Leroux comes in and changes the game a little bit is huge for us and for her . " Canada , which will host the next World Cup in 2015 , ended GB 's hopes of a medal in the team 's first Olympic appearance as Jonelle Filigno and Christine Sinclair scored in the first half . Britain had beaten Brazil to qualify top of its group , but could not find the net despite constant second-half pressure and a strong shout for a penalty kick . Young striker Filigno netted the first in the 11th minute and Sinclair bent in a free-kick five minutes before halftime with her 140th international goal . The Canadians finished eighth four years ago in their debut appearance , and will be seeking to end U.S. hopes of a third successive title and fourth overall since the tournament 's inception at Atlanta ' 96 . Japan defeated Beijing 2008 runner-up Brazil 2-0 , with Yuki Ogimi and Shinobu Ohno scoring in each half . France defeated Sweden 2-1 to earn revenge for a defeat in the third-place playoff at the 2011 World Cup . Nilla Fischer put the Swedes ahead after 17 minutes with a lucky deflected effort from a corner , but Laura Georges headed an equalizer and fellow defender Wendie Renard scored the winner seven minutes before halftime .	Abby Wambach scores her 142nd international goal as U.S. reaches semifinals American women beat New Zealand 2-0 to keep Olympic title defense alive The U.S. will play Canada on Monday after rival beats host Great Britain 2-0 World Cup champion Japan will play France in the other semifinal
CNN  -- The use of mobile phones to transfer money , make payments and access financial services has revolutionized the lives of millions of people who have never had access to traditional banking services . Particularly in emerging markets , "  mobile money " means so much more than just a digital way to transact financial services . In some countries , the majority of the population lives outside of urban centers without easy access to infrastructure like transport , electricity and even roads , let alone banking . For these communities , where literacy levels tend to be lower and incomes sporadic , mobile money is truly transforming the socio-economic landscape Latest statistics demonstrate the tremendous growth we 've seen over the past few years -- as of October 2014 , there are a total of 251 live mobile money services across 88 countries . In Sub-Saharan Africa , one of the pioneering regions for mobile money , services are available in 38 out of 47 countries . And nine of these markets -- Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Gabon , Kenya , Madagascar , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia and Zimbabwe -- have more mobile money accounts than bank accounts , a fact that underscores the pent-up demand . Widening the mobile money market This huge uptake in mobile money is connecting millions of people but there is still much work to be done to bring these services to all who are unbanked or underbanked . For instance , in markets like Central Asia , mobile money is still in its infancy and with only 5 % of the adult population in countries such as in Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Turkmenistan holding an account at a formal financial institution , clearly the opportunity to effect change is enormous . My job affords the privilege of witnessing first-hand how the mobile and financial industries are working together to overcome barriers to the adoption of financial services . Take Ivory Coast , for example , where three years after the launch of the country 's first mobile money service , there were just over two million registered accounts and only 22 % were active . It was a slow start . However , positive changes in market conditions , combined with activities by mobile operators including Orange , MTN and Etisalat , have stimulated a dramatic uptake in adoption . By mid-2013 , the country had close to five million mobile money accounts and active accounts climbed to 35 % . Changes in social norms are a major factor driving the adoption of financial services . For example , many people travel away from home to work and send cash back home to family . Often this might involve paying for an expensive postal service , incurring high wire money transfer fees or entrusting their cash to a third party to transport it . Mobile transactions are not free , but they 're less expensive and far more secure than the alternative . We are also seeing acceleration in the development of other types of mobile financial services , beyond payments , such as savings , credit and insurance , among others . Empowering women Our research has shown that women are active household financial managers and tend to reinvest up to 90 % of their earnings in their families , compared to 30-40 % for men , so mobile money can also be a route to female empowerment within communities . Particularly in markets where social or cultural barriers prevent women from traveling long distances or interacting with men , mobile money offers an important tool for financial independence and household security . Operators are responding to address the needs of women ; in Somaliland , mobile operator Telesom made adjustments in existing processes -- such as hiring female staff to assist with customer registrations -- and saw the percentage of women customers grow from 17 % to 24 % in just a few months . Despite the great progress we are making in driving financial inclusion , the reality is that we have only scratched the surface in terms of what mobile money can do and who it can help . To extend these benefits to as much of the community as possible , there are a number of key elements that need to be in place . Supportive and effective regulation is critical in enabling providers to effectively reach scale in serving unbanked customers around the world . Regulators can help expedite efficient mobile money distribution networks that allow customer registration , cash collection and disbursement activities to be outsourced to third parties to lower the cost of financial services and expand their reach . And perhaps the most important factor in the long-term success of mobile money is an open and level playing field that allows non-bank mobile money providers -- including mobile operators -- to enter the market . The mobile and financial industries need to work collaboratively with each other and with regulators to unlock the transformative social impact of mobile money . Only then can we truly deliver life-changing mobile financial services to the hundreds of millions of people across the world that still have no access to traditional banking . Why equality makes cold , hard economic sense The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Bouverot .	2.5 billion adults have no bank account Mobile money connects rural areas to banking , argues Anne Bouverot Mobile banking can also empower women , she says Millions of people use mobile money , especially in Africa
CNN  -- Four boys ages 9 to 14 have been charged with sexually assaulting an 8-year old girl , police in Phoenix , Arizona , said Wednesday . The girl was lured into a vacant storage shed by the suspects , who offered her chewing gum , police said at a news conference . The girl was restrained while the boys -- ages 9 , 10 , 13 and 14 -- sexually assaulted her , police said of the July 16 incident . All the suspects except for the 14-year-old live in the same apartment complex , according to Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill . The 14-year-old has been charged as an adult , Hill said . Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents ' attitude toward her . The girl and the boys charged are all from families that have come to the United States from the West African nation of Liberia , police said .	Police in Phoenix , Arizona , say 8-year-old girl lured to vacant shed with gum Four boys ages 9 to 14 have been charged with sexually assaulting girl Girl placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services
Washington  CNN  -- Three Somali men pleaded guilty on Friday to piracy and hostage-taking charges involving the yacht Quest , a February hijacking that ended with the death of four American citizens . Mohamud Hirs Issa Ali , Mohamud Salad Ali and Ali Abdi Mohamed -- all in their 30s -- entered guilty pleas in federal court in Norfolk , Virginia . The piracy and hostage-taking charges carry mandatory life sentences . In their plea agreements , the three men said , "  They played no role in the murder of the four United States citizens , " according to a news release . Americans Scott and Jean Adams , Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle were found shot to death when U.S. forces boarded the yacht . The guilty pleas are an important step , said FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Janice Fedarcyk of the New York Field Office . "  Modern piracy is n't swordplay and derring-do ; it 's armed robbery and cold-blooded murder at sea . The FBI remains determined to see pirates brought to justice , " she said . U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said , "  If you pirate an American ship , you will be caught and you 'll face severe consequences in an American courtroom . "	The hijacking of the yacht Quest in February ended with four deaths The piracy and hostage-taking charges carry mandatory life sentences The three Somali men deny any role in the deaths
CNN  -- Early on Tuesday morning , two Palestinian men from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber entered a synagogue in the sleepy West Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof and went on a killing spree . Armed with guns and knives , the two men killed four rabbis -- three Israeli-American and one Israeli-British -- before they were struck down by Israeli police . The attack , which also claimed the life of a police officer , was the deadliest in a series of recent "  lone wolf " attacks against Israelis across Jerusalem . The Israeli response was swift . The Israeli military ordered the demolition of the perpetrators ' homes . Israeli border police blocked access to several East Jerusalem neighborhoods that have been recent flash points for conflict . And Israeli security services conducted raids in several towns in the West Bank . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the attacks and hammered Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas for inciting the ongoing violence in Jerusalem . Similarly , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the "  senseless brutality , " and called on Abbas to do the same . Abbas soon stepped up . It was his first condemnation of any attack in Jerusalem since the unrest began last month . Indeed , the aging Palestinian leader is walking a tightrope . On the one hand , lone wolves are by definition not under the control of Abbas nor other Palestinian political organizations . And it is also true that Abbas has not been the driving force of the Jerusalem unrest . But at the same time , he does appear to be making an effort to benefit from the tensions , seemingly seeking to ride this current wave of nationalist fervor . Yet Abbas is also operating from a political place of strength . The West trusts him because he brought an end to the violence of the second intifada , or uprising  2000-2005  . The Israelis need him because his forces in the West Bank cooperate with the Israelis on a range of security issues . In many ways , Abbas is responsible for preventing a third intifada in the West Bank -- the territory he controls . However , both Israel and the United States have badly mismanaged the relationship with the Palestinian Authority , doubling down on a system that has failed to invest in Palestinian good governance , let alone new leadership . As a result , neither have much leverage to tone down his rhetoric , short of threatening to oust him from power . Ultimately , though , there is also the question of whether the Palestinian leader actually has the ability to bring stability back to Jerusalem . Even though Palestinians claim the city as their capital , Jerusalem is outside of Abbas ' jurisdiction . Moreover , Abbas is now nine years into a four-year term , and his popularity is flagging . The 79-year-old Abbas may be thinking about his legacy after nearly a decade of failed peace talks and internecine squabbles that have divided the Palestinian people , both politically and geographically . The key question is whether Abbas believes he can resuscitate his political fortunes on the Palestinian street by supporting the Jerusalem unrest . If he does , the path to de-escalation is clouded . If Abbas is not the answer , the trick for U.S. and Israeli policymakers is identifying who else to engage . And it is far from clear who that person might be .	Jonathan Schanzer and Grant Rumley : Tuesday latest lone wolf attack Abbas has not been driving force of unrest , authors say Israel , U.S. mismanaged relationship with Palestinian Authority , authors say Unclear if Abbas is the answer , they add
CNN  -- More than anything , Maya Angelou was known for her words . From her books to her orations , Angelou used language to stir her audiences and reach into their hearts . Here is a sampling of some of her most powerful speeches : 1  Presidential Inauguration Ceremony , 1993 She became the second poet in history to speak at a presidential inauguration -- after Robert Frost , who spoke at John F. Kennedy 's inaugural -- when she read her poem "  On the Pulse of Morning " at the swearing-in of President Bill Clinton in 1993 . 2  2013 National Book Awards Angelou was selected to receive the Literarian Award for Outstanding Service to the American Literary Community . She sang and offered moving words of gratitude . 3  The funeral of Coretta Scott King , 2008 The writer sang and spoke at the homegoing service for the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King -- calling her "  born of flesh and destined to become iron . " Angelou was active in the civil rights movement and knew the Kings . 4  The Children 's Defense Fund National Conference , 2012 Angelou shared one of her poems as the keynote speaker at the Children 's Defense Fund National Conference held in Cincinnati in July 2012 . Her words live on . Opinion : How Maya Angelou gave me life	Angelou was the second poet ever to speak at a presidential inauguration Her speeches stirred her audience She honored Coretta Scott King at Mrs. King 's funeral
CNN  -- The Obama administration announced this week it is sending hundreds of federal agents and crime-fighting equipment to the Mexican border to try to make sure violence from Mexican drug cartels does n't spill over into the U.S. Author John Gibler says the "  war on drugs " approach with Mexico policy has been an absolute failure . John Gibler , author of "  Mexico Unconquered : Chronicles of Power and Revolt , " appeared Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning " to talk about U.S. border security efforts . Following is a transcript of his conversation with CNN 's John Roberts : John Roberts : You spent so much time along the border area there , going back and forth . The last three years , you 've been down there pretty intensely . What is the situation like ? John Gibler : Right now , in Ciudad Juarez , as you probably know , more than 7,500 army soldiers have arrived in the city and actually taken over the municipal police force . And that has obviously dampened the amount of incredible violence related to drug trafficking in the city , but fears on the ground are that simply the warring cartels packed up and left town for the time being or -LSB- have -RSB- gone underground while the army is out in the streets , and that they will be back . Meanwhile , the army is doing all of the municipal police force jobs , so they 're effectively writing traffic tickets and driving around in cop cars . Roberts : All right , so you know that earlier this week , Janet Napolitano , the secretary of homeland security , announced this $ 700 million program , put more border agents and more -LSB- Drug Enforcement Administration -RSB- agents on the border along with some high-tech surveillance equipment to try to combat the war on drugs there . How effective do you think that plan will be ? Gibler : Sadly , I do not think it will be effective . We 're talking about a $ 30 billion a year industry just moving the drugs across the border . That is way too powerful for three more helicopters or 400 more border agents to really try and address . I think it is a deeply embedded social and economic problem that will have to be addressed with social and economic policy . Watch Gibler give his views on U.S. security efforts " Roberts : So the president has reserved this idea of putting some troops down on the border there . I know that Gov. Rick Perry in Texas says that he wants to put 1,000 along the border . However , there in El Paso , where you are this morning , the mayor says , "  Whoa , we do n't need any troops . Things are great here . " Who 's right ? Gibler : Well , really , the mayor is right in a sense . If you look at 2008 , 1,600 people were assassinated in Ciudad Juarez , and there were about 15 homicides that same year in El Paso . So , this whole idea of the violence spilling over is really , I think , kind of malformed or a bit sensationalizing the violence in Mexico , which is very real but the violence already exists in the United States , even though there is n't a national kind of political understanding or consciousness , if you will , about how that violence is related to drug trafficking and drug distribution . amFIX : Can the US win the war on drugs ? Roberts : You know , we had Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron earlier this week . And he was talking about this idea of legalizing all drugs as a way to combat the drug war there in Mexico . What do you think of that idea ? Gibler : I think it 's time to consider all options , and I think it 's evident -- more than evident that the "  war on drugs " approach has been an absolute failure . It has n't in any way stopped the amount of drugs being consumed in the United States or the drugs flowing over the border or the violence related to the illegal drug-trafficking industry . ... It 's not that radical of a proposal . Even The Economist magazine led with an editorial about a week and a half ago about legislating or regulating drugs . Three former presidents of Latin American countries , Brazil , Colombia and Mexico , recently released a report arguing also for really taking on the debate of legalization .	Mexico 's huge drug industry is too powerful for U.S. border efforts , John Gibler says Author says social , economic policies are needed to battle Mexico 's drug problems It 's time to consider legalizing drugs , Gibler says
New York  CNN  -- Long Island may be far from the Death Star , but that did n't stop Darth Vader from paying a less-than-friendly visit to a bank in East Setauket , New York . Or at least he looked like Darth Vader , except for the camouflage pants . The costumed man , with a mask and cape , entered a Chase bank Thursday morning and demanded cash . Although he did n't have a lightsaber , his gun was more than enough to persuade the teller to hand over the money . The caped criminal then fled east through the bank 's parking lot . Suffolk County police said they are searching for the man , described as around 6 feet tall .	Man dressed as Darth Vader holds up Long Island bank He carried a gun , not a light saber
Oranjestad , Aruba  CNN  -- Aruban prosecutors plan to release Tuesday the results of tests conducted on a jawbone found on an island beach and disclose whether it belongs to missing U.S. teenager Natalee Holloway , officials said . The tests , conducted at the Netherlands Forensic Institute in The Hague , Netherlands , were to first determine whether the bone is that of a human or that of an animal . If the bone is human , authorities said , they would attempt to determine through DNA testing if it belonged to Holloway . The Alabama 18-year-old was last seen on the island in 2005 . Aruba Solicitor General Taco Stein said prosecutors will issue a statement Tuesday with the test results . Holloway 's dental records were sent to the forensic institute last week , according to the FBI . Tim Miller , director of Texas EquuSearch -- a search-and-rescue organization that has looked for Natalee Holloway -- said the girl 's father believes it is his daughter 's bone . "  Dave has been in contact with Aruban authorities and spoke with FBI this morning , the agent working the case . Dave believes it is Natalee , " Miller said about Holloway 's father , Dave Holloway . A call to the father was not immediately returned Monday . Part of a jawbone with a tooth was found earlier this month by an American tourist near the Phoenix Hotel , a large resort on the western side of the island , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said . Contacted by CNN , the hotel referred questions to local authorities . The prosecutor said the bone was initially examined by a forensic expert in Aruba , who determined it was from a young woman . But Blanken cautioned the final determination would be made by the forensic institute . Also on Monday , police collected a second bone that was found earlier this month on the beach by a New Jersey family , said Ana Angela , spokeswoman for Aruban prosecutors . However , "  it does not appear to be human , " said Richard Roy , general manager of the Westin Hotel . The bone was found in the same general area as the first . The family , who was staying at the Westin , put it on their hotel balcony . They told CNN that once they returned home and heard media reports on the jawbone , they called the FBI and then contacted the Westin . Staffers at the hotel found the bone on the balcony and notified police . Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad nightclub with Joran van der Sloot and two other men . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Slootwasdetained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged . He is now awaiting trial in Lima , Peru , on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores . Her body was found in May in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot . A surveillance camera captured images of the two entering the room . Van der Sloot , 23 , is also charged with wire fraud and extortion in Alabama for allegedly attempting to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . CNN 's Rich Phillips , In Session 's Jean Casarez and HLN 's Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	NEW : Natalee Holloway 's father reportedly believes the bone belongs to his daughter The jawbone was found near an Aruba beach hotel A second found bone does n't appear to be human
CNN  -- The United Nations Tuesday urged the tiny West African country of Gambia to refrain from executing 39 more death-row inmates , after nine others were recently put to death . "  I strongly condemn the executions that took place last week in the Gambia , and call for a halt to further executions , " said Christof Heyns , the United Nations special rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions . "  This stream of executions is a major step backwards for the country , and for the protection of the right to life in the world as a whole . " The country once had been at the forefront in the region 's efforts to abolish in law and practice the death penalty , with a moratorium on the death penalty for 27 years and the abolition of capital punishment for drug offenses in April 2011 , Heyns said . In fact , the sliver of a nation -- surrounded by Senegal and bordering the Atlantic Ocean -- had last executed a prisoner about 30 years ago . But President Yahya Jammeh announced the new execution policy in a speech on state media Sunday that was rebroadcast Monday . "  All punishments prescribed by law will be maintained in the country to ensure that criminals get what they deserve : that is , that those who kill are killed , " he said . "  By the middle of next month , all the death sentences would have been carried out to the letter . " Citing what it deemed "  reliable sources , " Amnesty International reported in a statement that eight men and one woman were taken from their prison cells Thursday and killed . Three of those allegedly executed had been sentenced for treason , and two of the nine were Senegalese , said the group . Jammeh took power in a military coup in 1994 and was elected president two years later . Gambia 's human rights record has drawn steady criticism since his election , but the president has won supporters by building new hospitals , schools and other infrastructure . Heyns said the executions "  undermine previous steps towards the abolition of capital punishment in the Gambia . " "  I am concerned that death sentences were imposed in violation of major international standards , including the most serious crimes provisions . According to available evidence , the trials did not meet due process safeguards , " Heyns said . "  The executions were carried out in secrecy , away from the public and from the families , and do not meet the requirements of transparency . "	The executions are a "  major step backwards , " a U.N. official says The Gambian president wants all death-row inmates to be executed by mid-September The small nation is surrounded by Senegal
CNN  -- The leaders of Turkey and the United States are huddling in Washington on Thursday over how to handle the Syrian civil war , the raging conflict that has left an estimated 80,000 people dead and a few million displaced -- despite more than two years of diplomacy to halt the bloodshed . President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , meeting in Washington , discussed how to strengthen the Syrian opposition , help the many people displaced by the war , and mobilize the international community to put more pressure on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and forge a political transition . They spoke as the warfare in Syria raged Thursday . The opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria said at least 63 people were killed , including 45 in Damascus and its suburbs . "  We 're going to keep increasing the pressure on the Assad regime , and working with the Syrian opposition , " Obama said . "  The prime minister has been on the forefront of the international effort to push for a transition to a democratic Syria without Bashar Assad . And Turkey is going to play an important role as we bring representatives of the regime and opposition together in the coming weeks . " Obama said he and Erdogan agree that al-Assad needs to transfer power . "  That is the only way we 're going to resolve this crisis . And we 're going to keep working for a Syria that is free from Assad 's tyranny , that is intact and inclusive of all ethnic and religious groups , and that 's a source of stability , not extremism , because it 's in the profound interest of all our nations , especially Turkey . " Turkey has been a major player in the effort to push for change in Syria , which sits on its southern border . At one time , Erdogan and al-Assad had close ties , but the war has made them antagonists . Turkey has long harbored many Syrian refugees and hosted opposition entities . "  I 've made it clear again today that the United States is going to keep on helping countries in the region , including Turkey , shoulder this burden , doing our part as a major donor of humanitarian aid to the Syrian people , including those refugees in Turkey . And we 're going to keep working with our Turkish partners to deliver the food , shelter and medicine that 's needed to save lives . " Erdogan said ending the war and meeting the people 's demands for a new government "  are two areas where we are in full agreement with the United States . Supporting the opposition and Assad leaving are important issues . " "  We also agree that we have to prevent Syria from becoming an area for terrorist organizations . We also agreed that chemical weapons should not be used and all minorities and their rights should be secured . These are all priority areas for all of us , " he said . Obama said that solid evidence of chemical weaponry would constitute a red line in the conflict and produce major consequences . "  I 've said in the past , we have seen evidence of the use of chemical weapons inside of Syria . It is important for us to make sure that we 're able to get more specific information about what exactly is happening there , " he said . "  But separate and apart from the chemical weapons , we know that tens of thousands of people are being killed with artillery and mortars and that the humanitarian crisis and the slaughter that 's taking place by itself is sufficient to prompt strong international action . " He cited a "  whole range of options that the United States is already engaged in " and said he preserved "  the options of taking additional steps , both diplomatic and military , because those chemical weapons inside of Syria also threaten our security over the long term as well as our allies and friends and neighbors . " "  This is also an international problem , and it 's very much my hope to continue to work with all the various parties involved , including Turkey , to find a solution that brings peace to Syria , stabilizes the region , stabilizes those chemical weapons , but it 's not gon na be something that the United States does by itself , and I do n't think anybody in the region , including the prime minister , would think that U.S. unilateral actions in and of themselves would bring about a better outcome inside -- inside of Syria . " Diplomatic moves On Wednesday , the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution calling for a political transition in Syria . The resolution , which passed by a 107-12 vote , with 59 abstentions , also condemned the government 's increased use of heavy weapons and ongoing "  widespread and systematic gross violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms , " said a U.N. statement . It was the fifth resolution on Syria voted by the body since 2011 . "  If we are unable to do anything to stop this tragedy , then how can we sustain the moral credibility of this organization ? " Assembly President Vuk Jeremic said before the vote , according to the statement . Meanwhile , in Sweden , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov discussed the revival of a peace initiative based on last year 's Geneva conference . That conference , brokered by Russia and the United States , outlined how a transitional government could be formed in Syria . "  I think it 's fair to say that both of us are confident about the direction that we 're moving in and very , very hopeful that within a short period of time , the pieces will have come together fully so that the world , hopefully , will have an opportunity to be given an alternative to the violence and destruction that is taking place in Syria at this moment , " Kerry said . Lavrov cited the Russian-American proposal to convene a conference to start implementing the Geneva communique last June . "  It 's self-explanatory , and what we need now is to mobilize support for this initiative on the basis of what was , I believe , in Geneva and what was proposed by Washington and Moscow : to mobilize support , first of all , by all the Syrian groups , the regime and all opposition groups ; and second , by those outside actors who have influence on either one or the other Syrian group , " Lavrov said . Obama and Erdogan addressed the Geneva initiative . "  I do think that the prospect of talks in Geneva involving the Russians and representatives about a serious political transition that all parties can buy into may yield results , " Obama said . Erdogan said that "  we will continue to explore what we can do together , what we can consider as part of a road map looking at Geneva and beyond . " READ MORE : Obama cautious on Syria , Britain ups urgency for peace READ MORE : Heart-eating video raises pressure to end Syrian war READ MORE : Chemical weapons in Syria ? Why Obama still needs convincing	President Barack Obama , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan talk to the media in Washington The unrest in Syria has persisted for more than two years , despite diplomatic efforts Opposition group says fighting killed at least 63 people Thursday Obama says the Geneva initiative looks promising
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Shot in the head less than a week ago , U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords continues to make positive progress , her husband and doctors told CNN in exclusive interviews on Thursday . The chief of neurosurgery at Tucson 's University Medical Center said that Giffords ' eye movements suggest the congresswoman is experiencing "  glimmers of recognition . " "  That tracking of the eyes tells you a whole lot more , that she 's aware of her surroundings to some extent , " Dr. Michael Lemole told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  She 's trying to engage that reality . " Giffords opened her eyes briefly for the first time Wednesday , with her husband , her parents and other members of Congress in the room , and continued to open them on Thursday . "  It was extraordinary , " said Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , who was holding Giffords ' hand when she opened her eyes on Wednesday . "  It was a miracle to witness . " The incident occurred shortly after President Barack Obama had visited Giffords in her hospital room . "  I think she realized the president of the United States was there , but I 'm not sure she knew why , " Mark Kelly , Giffords ' husband , told CNN Thursday in an exclusive interview . Giffords ' breathing tube could be removed as early as Friday , Kelly said . Less than an hour after his Wednesday visit , given permission to disclose the information by Kelly , Obama electrified a memorial-service crowd and a national television audience by revealing one of the most promising pieces of news about Gifford 's condition to emerge since an assassination attempt against her on Saturday . Giffords was squeezing and stroking Gillibrand 's hand , as doctors previously said she had been able to do . Giffords "  absolutely could hear everything we were saying , " Gillibrand said . "  And Debbie  Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida  and I were telling her how much she was inspiring the nation with her courage , her strength , and we were talking about the things we wanted to do as soon as she was better . " Gillibrand mentioned having another night out with Giffords and her husband for beer and pizza . And Wasserman Schultz recounted telling her , "  Come on , you 've got to get better , because we expect you up in New Hampshire this summer " at Wasserman Schultz 's vacation home . "  And just as I said that , that 's when she suddenly was struggling to open ... her eyes , " Wasserman Schultz said . "  First just a little bit . And the doctors could n't believe it . They said , ` This is such a good time . ' " Kelly saw her struggling , Gillibrand said , and he and the others began to encourage her , saying , "  Open your eyes , Gabby . Open your eyes . " And Giffords did . Her right eye remains bandaged , but Giffords is opening both of them , doctors said Thursday "  She took a moment to focus , you could see she was focusing , " Gillibrand said . "  And then Mark said ... ` Gabby , if you can see me , if you can see me , give us a thumbs-up ... She did n't only give a thumbs-up , she literally raised her entire hand . " But Giffords did n't stop there , Gillibrand said . She reached out and grabbed her husband "  and is touching him and starts to really choke him like she was really trying to hug him . " He asked her to touch his wedding ring , "  and she touches his ring , then she grabs his whole watch and wrist and then the doctor was just so excited , he said , ` You do n't understand ... this is amazing what she is doing right now and beyond our greatest hopes . ' " "  It was , as you can imagine , a glorious moment , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , who was also in the room . Of the six patients the hospital is still treating from Saturday 's shooting , Giffords is the only one in critical condition . Four others are in fair condition , and the sixth was being released from the hospital Thursday , said Dr. Peter Rhee , medical director of the University Medical Center 's trauma center . Giffords remains in critical condition because doctors are worried about her losing ground , said Lemole . Giffords ' doctors spoke exclusively to CNN Thursday about the first moments after her arrival at the hospital . "  My first response was I grabbed her hand , leaned into her an said ` Ms. Giffords , you 're in the hospital , we 're going to care for you , please squeeze my hand ' and she did , " said Dr. Randall Friese , a trauma surgeon . "  I got the impression that she was trying to communicate but was frustrated by the fact that she could n't communicate , " he said . In some of his first public comments since Saturday 's shooting , Giffords ' husband told CNN he was in Houston when he got a call saying that his wife had been shot . Worried that a commercial flight would take too long , Kelly , a NASA astronaut , flew in a friend 's plane to Arizona and met Giffords in the intensive care unit after surgery . A 9-year-old girl , Christina Green , and Arizona 's chief federal judge , John Roll , are among the dead , along with Gabe Zimmerman , a Giffords staffer . A funeral mass was held for Green on Thursday . Also Thursday , first lady Michelle Obama released an open letter to parents about the shooting . "  In the days and weeks ahead , as we struggle with these issues ourselves , many of us will find that our children are struggling with them as well , " she wrote . "  The questions my daughters have asked are the same ones that many of your children will have -- and they do n't lend themselves to easy answers . " "  But they will provide an opportunity for us as parents to teach some valuable lessons -- about the character of our country , about the values we hold dear , and about finding hope at a time when it seems far away , " the first lady continued . Authorities say Giffords was the target of the shooting . Twelve other people suffered gunshot wounds , the Pima County Sheriff has said , while others were injured trying to flee the scene . Tucson resident Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , is facing federal charges in the attack . A bag that is believed to belong to Loughner contains the same kind of ammunition as was used in Saturday 's massacre , authorities said Thursday . Even when Giffords ' prognosis was grim , she has consistently defied the odds and met or exceeded expectations . The next step , doctors told reporters Thursday , is the removal of Giffords ' breathing tube . She is breathing on her own "  with very little support , " Rhee said , but he was n't sure when the tube might come out . Giffords is "  becoming more and more alert at this time , " he said , telling reporters she acts like someone waking up in the morning -- yawning and rubbing her eyes . She has been opening her eyes more often since Wednesday , Lemole said . "  This is all very encouraging , " he said . " ... It is a significant move forward . " Rhee said Giffords has been undergoing physical therapy , in which staffers sit her up with her legs dangling off the side of the bed . When asked , she can move both legs , straightening them out , he said . Safeway , which owns the grocery store where the shooting took place , took out a full-page ad in Tucson 's Arizona Daily Star newspaper Thursday , saying it is proud to be part of a community that cares so deeply about one another . The company is working to reopen the store , it said . Doctors have cautiously described Giffords ' recovery as going according to plan , so far absent of any complications or issues , and have said throughout that she has been able to communicate when they lessen her sedation and allow her to awaken . Lemole said he was in the room when Giffords opened her eyes , saying it might have been the "  unexpected familiarity " of having close friends visit that perhaps Giffords was n't expecting . "  This is the part that doctors , I think , have the hardest time with -- those intangibles in medicine , " he said , referring to the role that family and friends can play in prompting patient progress . "  Miracles happen every day , " Lemole said . " ... A lot of medicine is outside our control . " CNN 's Steve Dolce contributed to this report .	NEW : Surgeon says Giffords responded to request to squeeze his hand before surgery Doctor : Giffords ' eye movements suggest "  glimmers of recognition " Giffords ' husband : "  I think she realized the president " visited her Wednesday Gabrielle Giffords opens her eyes with friends in the room on Wednesday
CNN  -- It started as a dot -- a bright , white star that raced across the Southwest . Over Texas , the dot became a streak that thickened , then spawned smaller streaks -- "  little sparklies , " Linda Steed recalled . Then came the sound -- "  a big , rolling boom , " she said . "  The dog started barking like crazy . " A decade ago , 200,000 feet above Steed 's driveway in Nacogdoches , the space shuttle Columbia broke apart on re-entry . All seven astronauts aboard died . Friday , NASA marks the anniversary with tributes to the crew of Columbia and 10 other astronauts lost in the space agency 's two previous fatal accidents -- the 1986 explosion that destroyed Columbia 's sister ship Challenger , and the launch pad fire that killed Apollo 1 's three-man crew in 1967 . All three anniversaries fall within a week -- the Apollo fire on January 27 , Challenger on January 28 and Columbia on February 1 . Controllers lost contact with Columbia at 8:59 a.m. ET , about 15 minutes before it had been expected to land at the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral , Florida . Shuttle commander Rick Husband 's wife Evelyn , who was waiting for him there , feared the worst . Space fan remembers the shuttle 10 years later "  I remember looking up at the sky and thinking , ` Is that it ? Is that the end of Rick 's life ? ' " she told CNN . In an instant , she was a single mother with two young children . She was angry , frustrated . But she said NASA is "  the best of the best . " "  They 're human . They 're flawed , " said Husband-Thompson , who remarried five years ago . "  They did the best they possibly could . Nobody maliciously caused this to happen . " Nevertheless , she said , the grief still lingers . "  The Lord definitely healed our hearts tremendously , but it 's a lifelong process , " she said . "  I do n't think that pain ever completely goes away . " Commemorations will also be held in some of the towns where the orbiter 's wreckage rained down that bright Saturday morning . One of them is Hemphill , Texas , about 170 miles north of Houston , where a roadside monument and a museum commemorate the disaster and the volunteers who combed the surrounding woods for pieces of the spacecraft . Space shuttle Columbia part found in east Texas "  Some of them , you knew instantly what they were , " said Belinda Gay , one of those searchers . "  We would find some of the instrument panel that was in the shuttle cockpit . You could still see the numbers and the switches . You knew that if you found a can of caviar with Velcro on the back of it , you know it 's not supposed to be in the woods . " The remains of the shuttle 's crew were found near Hemphill , along with the nose , part of the landing gear and much of the cabin . In addition , two members of a helicopter crew engaged in the search were killed in a crash the following month . Gay now leads the Sabine County Columbia Memorial Committee . Unlike Steed , whose space buff sister-in-law called her outside that morning , she was getting ready for a relative 's baby shower and did n't see the breakup . "  My house started vibrating , and the pictures on the wall started shaking , and then I heard two sonic booms , " she said . "  We knew something was up . " Gay 's husband was president of the local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter , and she led the group 's Ladies ' Auxiliary . Hemphill 's VFW hall was quickly turned into a dining hall for the search teams , and it will host lunch for the guests at Friday 's ceremony . Overall , NASA recovered about 84,000 pieces of the orbiter , about 40 % of the craft , scattered from the Texas panhandle to Fort Polk , Louisiana . Pieces turned up as late as 2011 , when the state 's brutal drought uncovered an aluminum fuel tank on the bottom of Lake Nacogdoches . An investigation determined Columbia was doomed almost from the instant its 16-day mission began . A piece of insulating foam from its external fuel tank broke away , striking and cracking a panel on the orbiter 's left wing . The damaged panel allowed searing hot gases to seep into the wing on re-entry , causing the craft to lose control and disintegrate . The three surviving shuttles returned to space starting in 2005 . The last mission was in 2011 , thirty years after Columbia -- the first of the class -- made its maiden voyage . NASA and the families of the crew decided to preserve its wreckage , which now sits on the 16th floor of the massive Vehicle Assembly Building at Cape Canaveral . For scientists , it 's a "  treasure trove " that lets them study the material used in the spacecraft , said Mike Ciannilli , the caretaker of the orbiter 's remains . And for young NASA workers , it 's a place to see firsthand why failure ca n't be an option . "  When you actually walk amongst Columbia and you talk about the accident and you talk about the lessons learned and how you can do the best job you can do to help prevent this from ever happening again , that 's very powerful , " Ciannilli said . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	NASA marks Columbia , Challenger and Apollo 1 disasters Columbia broke up on re-entry on February 1 , 2003 Texas towns joined the search for the wreckage Commander 's widow : "  I do n't think that pain ever completely goes away "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An expert on Lincoln photography thinks a photograph found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family-owned album showing President Abraham Lincoln in front of the White House could be one of the last photos taken of the 16th president before he was assassinated in 1865 . A photo found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family album is verified to contain an image of Abraham Lincoln . Grant 's great-great grandson Ulysses S. Grant VI had seen the previously unpublished image in the general 's personal photo album , but did n't think much of it until he scrutinized it earlier this year . "  I started to think that it might be the White House , " said Grant , a construction business owner from Springfield , Missouri . "  Then I started to look at the height difference between the people in the photo . " Thinking that the towering individual commanding the attention of the other people in the image could be Lincoln -- who stood 6-foot-4 and is the nation 's tallest president -- Grant called Keya Morgan , a renowned collector and scholar of Lincoln and Gen. Grant photographs , to see whether his suspicions could be verified . Morgan , who owns the world 's largest collection of Lincoln artifacts and original photographs , persuaded Grant to take the small photo out of the album to see whether any clues could be found on the back -- particularly the name of the photographer . "  If you do n't know who the photographer is , it 's like not knowing who your father and mother are , " Morgan said . Sure enough , the seal of photographer Henry F. Warren appeared on the back , along with an inscription : "  Lincoln in front of the White House , " dated 1865 . Grant recognized the handwriting as that of his great-grandfather and Gen. Grant 's youngest son , Jesse Grant . Those indicators , along with a revenue stamp used from 1864-66 to raise money during the Civil War , helped convince Morgan that the photograph could be the well-documented missing photo from Lincoln 's last "  sitting . " Watch how photograph was verified " According to Morgan -- who cites Lincoln 's secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay -- Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6 , 1865 , just two days after his second inauguration . Morgan says Warren was desperate to take pictures of Lincoln , so he staged the first act of paparazzi photography . According to Morgan , Warren first took photos of the president 's son Tad on his pony . The following day , Warren gave the pictures to Tad and told him to summon his father . Morgan says that Warren was already set up to take the photo outside the White House , and that Lincoln gave him access afterward to take two more portraits on the White House balcony . Will Stapp , founding curator of the National Portrait Gallery 's photography department and a professional photograph appraiser , agrees with Morgan 's assessment of the long-lost image . "  The figure itself , the physique -- in looking at it under a magnifying glass , I can see the shape of his beard ; I can see the hairline , " Stapp told CNN . "  It 's similar to the impression you get from other photos taken of -LSB- Lincoln -RSB- from the same distance , like at the Gettysburg Address and his inauguration . " Stapp and Morgan also say it appears that Lincoln is wearing the same clothes in the outdoor photo as he wore for the portraits taken the same day . As one of only 130 photographs of Lincoln , it is an extraordinary find not only because of its proximity to Lincoln 's death , but because it shows him in a natural stance . "  You could put yourself in the shoes of the people around -LSB- Lincoln -RSB- and see what it was like to live at the White House , " said Morgan , who says he receives 10 to 20 requests a day asking him to verify potential Lincoln photographs . Morgan , who purchased the photo from Grant , says he has received thousands of e-mails from Lincoln aficionados commenting on the find . His Web site , lincolnimages.com , received more than 5 million hits on Tuesday and crashed because of the traffic overload .	Ulysses S. Grant 's great-great grandson took family photo to scholar for verification Seal of photographer Henry F. Warren appeared on the back of photograph Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6 , 1865
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Thousands of people marched through Athens Thursday as part of a 24-hour nationwide strike to protest further austerity measures by the embattled government . The strike began at midnight and caused all government-run institutions -- including schools , airports , trams , subways , and most buses -- to close down . Banks and the media were also shut , meaning no broadcast news Thursday and no newspapers Friday . There were small clashes with police and protesters threw two petrol bombs at officers in Constitution Square , in front of the Parliament building . Police fired some tear gas and pepper spray in return , but otherwise the march was relatively calm . Sixteen people were arrested and two police officers were injured , police told CNN . Many people appeared to be suffering from the tear gas . The protesters are angry about further government measures aimed at cutting Greece 's massive deficit . They oppose the cutting of benefits and salaries , and the raising of taxes , and want more of the measures to be aimed at the wealthy . The government says Greece has to modernize its tax structure as the country suffers from tax avoidance and other structural impediments to job growth . But younger workers say they already pay high taxes , have little job security and make less money than older generations . Some of the same measures prompted large demonstrations and some violence two weeks ago , but polls at the time still showed the majority of Greeks backing the government plans . Since then , government has introduced a third round of austerity measures in Parliament amounting to $ 6.5 billion of cuts and tax increases , and that has caused support for the government to slip -- polls now show only a bare majority in favor of the government 's actions . The Greek government revealed late last year that its budget deficit was 12.7 percent of its gross domestic product , far exceeding the European Union limit of 3 percent . Countries participating in the EU must agree to that condition and other economic goals . Greece aims to reduce that deficit to 8.7 percent this year and reach the EU target by 2012 . Thursday 's strikes were rescheduled from March 16 , when European Union officials plan to go to Athens and assess Greece 's financial pledges to Europe . Protesters moved the strikes to Thursday in order to maximize disruption , because both public and private sector workers would be able to strike . The Greek government has said it will not back down in the face of strikes . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report .	Protesters angry about measures aimed at cutting Greece 's massive deficit Strike began at midnight and caused all government-run institutions to shut Small clashes reported , two petrol bombs thrown at officers in central Athens Austerity measures amount to $ 6.5 billion of cuts and tax increases
CNN  -- Wal-Mart has agreed to pay nearly $ 2 million and take extra safety precautions after a stampede killed a store employee in Long Island , New York , last year . Wal-Mart says it will consider applying the new safety measures in its other stores . The top prosecutor in Nassau County said she struck the deal rather than pursue criminal charges in the death of a 34-year-old man who was trampled to death as shoppers flooded into the store . It happened as the store opened on the day after Thanksgiving , which is traditionally among the busiest days of the year for retailers . Wal-Mart agreed to pay $ 1.5 million for community programs in Nassau County and another $ 400,000 to compensate people who were injured in the incident and repay them for out-of-pocket expenditures , District Attorney Kathleen Rice of Nassau County said in a statement . The district attorney and Wal-Mart said they agreed on a crowd-management plan that the retailer will implement at each of its 92 stores in New York for after-Thanksgiving shopping . The plan was developed by experts who have worked on crowd management at Super Bowls and Olympic Games , said Hank Mullany , a senior vice president at the company . Wal-Mart "  will consider how aspects of this plan could apply to stores outside of New York , " he said in a statement . "  We have never had a tragedy like this in our stores , and we do n't want it to happen again , " his statement said . "  We are committed to learning from it and making our stores even safer for our customers and our associates . " The agreement between Nassau County and Wal-Mart "  does not include an admission of guilt or wrongdoing by the corporation , " the district attorney said . Discussions that yielded the agreement , which was announced Wednesday , started after a temporary Wal-Mart employee -- Jdimytai Damour of Jamaica -- was trampled to death at the Green Valley Wal-Mart in Long Island around 5 a.m. on November 28 . At the time , Detective Lt. Michael Fleming of the Nassau County police described "  utter chaos " when Wal-Mart workers tried to open the store doors that day . By 5 a.m. that Friday , when the doors were unlocked , there were about 2,000 shoppers waiting to enter , and many "  surged forward , " breaking the doors , he said . Video showed as many as a dozen people knocked to the floor in the stampede of people trying to get into the Wal-Mart store , Fleming said . The employee was "  stepped on by hundreds of people " as other workers attempted to fight their way through the crowd , Fleming said . "  Several minutes " passed before others were able to clear space around the man and attempt to render aid . Police arrived , and "  as they were giving first aid , those police officers were also jostled and pushed , " he said . "  Shoppers ... were on a full-out run into the store , " he said .	DA makes deal with Wal-Mart in case of shopper stampede that killed employee Retailer to pay $ 1.5 M for community programs , $ 400K to people injured in the melee Wal-Mart not admitting any guilt or wrongdoing , says DA in Long Island , New York Retailer agrees to new crowd-management plan for post-Thanksgiving rush
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran 's efforts to develop its nuclear program have been stymied by a raft of challenges from international sanctions and set back by the 2010 Stuxnet cyberattack , two new reports from a Washington nuclear think tank conclude . The reports by former weapons inspector David Albright 's Institute for Science and International Security  ISIS  say Iran has been forced to use inferior parts and weaker metals , according to officials the group has spoken to at the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  , because sanctions have limited access to needed materials . "  Ten years after the start of construction at the Natanz enrichment site , the probability that Iran will build tens of thousands of centrifuges seems remote based on their faulty performance , " one of the reports notes . "  Even with advanced centrifuges , Iran may be blocked by sanctions from building advanced centrifuges in large enough numbers . " The Natanz enrichment site was crippled when a computer virus attacked a portion of the centrifuges . But the ISIS report notes enrichment numbers have rebounded to a higher level than before Stuxnet , after a brief dip . The IAEA noted in recent reports , however , that not all the centrifuges are necessarily enriching . Albright 's report says that the Stuxnet worm may have decreased the lifespan of aging centrifuges , even if they were not broken right away , by forcing them to spin at altered speeds . However , despite the challenges , based on ISIS assessment of Iran 's production of enriched uranium , the report concludes the Iranians have more than enough for the stated goal of providing for its research reactor , and Iran appears on a trajectory "  to producing weapons-grade uranium for nuclear weapons . "	New reports cite the effects of international sanctions on Iran 's nuclear efforts A cyberattack also had a crippling effect on an enrichment site But Iran has more than enough enriched uranium for its research reactor Reports : Iran appears on a trajectory "  to producing weapons-grade uranium "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved a resolution Friday that says it supports "  all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom , human rights , civil liberties and the rule of law . " Throngs in Tehran cheer Thursday for defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , center . The resolution was approved by 405 lawmakers , while one -- Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas -- voted against it . Two others , Reps. Brad Ellsworth , D-Indiana , and Dave Loebsack , D-Iowa , voted "  present . " In a statement on his Web site , Paul said he voted against the measure because he is "  always very cautious about ` condemning ' the actions of governments overseas . " "  I have always hesitated when my colleagues rush to pronounce final judgment on events thousands of miles away about which we know very little , " said Paul , who attracted attention last year during his unsuccessful bid for the Republican presidential nomination . "  And we know very little beyond limited press reports about what is happening in Iran . " The resolution , which also "  condemns the ongoing violence against demonstrators , " was sponsored by Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Howard Berman , D-California , and two Republicans , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana and House Minority Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia . Speaking shortly after the resolution passed , Pence called it a message from Americans to the Iranian people . "  As Americans have done throughout our history , this Congress today , on behalf of the American people , has spoken a word of heartfelt support to all Iranian citizens who embrace the values of freedom , human rights , civil liberties and the rule of law , " he said . He urged U.S. senators to support the identical resolution that Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , introduced Friday . Both Pence and McCain have been outspoken in their criticism of President Obama 's response to massive rallies in Iran against the results of last week 's presidential election . Watch as Obama walks a fine line " Supporters of Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi have taken to the streets this week calling for a new election after the results of the June 12 vote showed an overwhelming victory for hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The rallies also have denounced the Iranian government 's crackdown on the protests in which at least eight people have died . Obama has said he is "  deeply troubled " by the violence , but he has avoided siding with Ahmadinejad 's opponents , telling reporters , "  It is up to Iranians to make decisions about who Iran 's leaders will be . " "  It 's not productive , given the history of U.S.-Iranian relations , to be seen as meddling , the U.S. president meddling in Iranian elections , " Obama said this week . But several Republicans , particularly McCain -- Obama 's opponent in last year 's presidential race -- have criticized the administration 's position . McCain introduced a resolution on the Senate floor Friday morning that he said would be "  an expression of support by the government and the people of the United States of America " for those protesting the election results . "  It is unfortunate in a way that this resolution is required since the administration does not want to ` meddle ' and has refused , the president has refused to speak out in support of these brave Iranian citizens , most of them young , who are risking their very lives to protest what was clearly an unfair and corrupt election , " McCain told his fellow senators . Watch what else McCain said about Obama " The resolution passed Friday states that the House : On Thursday , Cantor joined the critics of the White House , saying the United States has a "  moral responsibility " to condemn attacks on protesters . "  The administration 's position that what 's going on in Iran is a ` vigorous debate ' is absurd , " he said . "  People are being brutalized and murdered by the regime in Tehran . We have no idea exactly how many have died or have been seriously injured since the regime has restricted journalists . In no way do these actions constitute a ` vigorous debate . ' " Cantor , the No. 2 Republican in the House , added , "  America has a moral responsibility to stand up for these brave people , to defend human rights and to condemn the violence and abuses by the regime in Tehran . " Watch amateur video of protesters under attack " Pence has called on the United States "  to take a half-step back from this administration 's olive branch and the apology approach to enemies and countries that have been hostile to the United States of America and our allies , particularly with the road to Iran . " But Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Washington would be making an "  enormous mistake " by taking sides in the Iranian protests . "  There is no need for the United States of America to step into the middle of it and make this about America , " Kerry told CNN 's "  The Situation Room With Wolf Blitzer . " "  It is an Iranian moment , spurred on by Iranians , thoroughly supported by Iranians to the degree that the supreme ayatollah has now backed off his own support for the elections -LSB- and -RSB- called for an investigation , " he said . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs defended the administration 's approach this week , saying that Obama "  believes that he 's struck the right tone . " "  I know some people agree with what Sen. McCain said . Some people agree with what other Republicans have said that 's very much like the president 's position , " Gibbs said Thursday . "  The president strongly believes that we should -- and have -- spoken out to ensure the demonstrators have the universal right and principle to demonstrate without fear of harm . But at the same time , we have to respect their sovereignty . " Moorhead Kennedy , a former diplomat who was among those taken hostage at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979 , said he supports the Obama administration 's position . "  I think if I had any conclusion to draw , we would have been much better off not interfering in Iran now , " Kennedy told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Because the United States backed a 1953 coup that put Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in charge , and supported him until the 1979 revolution that created today 's Islamic republic , Kennedy said , "  There are a great many resentments there . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Deirdre Walsh , Peter Hamby and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Lone dissenter : "  We know very little ... about what is happening in Iran " House votes 405-1 for resolution supporting democracy in Iran Republican Sen. John McCain offers similar resolution in Senate McCain , other Republicans criticize President Obama 's warning against "  meddling "
CNN  -- The presents had been opened ; the wrapping paper was stuffed in the trash bin . Watching his 2-year-old daughter Cadence playing with her brand new Christmas toys , Kerry Hoffman was suddenly struck by a thought : "  I need to be here to walk her down the aisle . " Startled by the idea , he turned and caught his reflection in the window , noticing his substantial arms , belly and neck . It was a sight he had grown accustomed to as the years passed , but on this particular day , a new resolve animated him . "  I can control this , " he thought . "  And I 've never really tried before . " At that moment , he made a promise to himself that he would lose the extra pounds -- he did n't know how just yet , but he would do it all the same . At 6 feet 1 inch tall , he weighed 343 pounds . It was n't always this way . "  I graduated  high school  at 250 pounds , but not necessarily fat . I was from a very small town , and football was king . I started lifting weights at about 13 , " Hoffman said . The problem was , "  I never did any cardio . I could care less about running . ... I ate whatever I wanted . " That was the status quo until after he graduated college and got married . Then tragedy struck . "  I lost my father to liver disease when he was 55 , " Hoffman said . "  I think I was subconsciously using food as a coping mechanism because I loved to cook , and I loved to eat , and I still do . ... Hindsight is 20-20 . " The day after his "  aha " moment -- December 28 , 2011 -- Hoffman joined a new gym near his house . He also scheduled an appointment with the doctor for New Year 's Day 2012 . The doctor performed a routine checkup , noting that Hoffman was already on medication for both high blood pressure and high cholesterol . But Hoffman wanted one more question answered . Near the end of the physical , he requested that the doctor test his blood sugar . It was 277 , almost 200 % above normal . It was official : He had diabetes . "  I told the doctor , and this is a direct quote , ` I 'm going to lose over 100 pounds , and I 'm going to cure myself of diabetes . ' " The doctor was skeptical , telling him that many people decide to lose weight on New Year 's , and that very few succeed . Hoffman decided to try anyway . The first day of his new exercise regimen began with a shrill alarm at 5:30 a.m. . He had made a commitment not to take time away from his family , so early morning workouts were the logical choice . When he arrived at the gym , it was completely empty . Immediately , he was struck by the astounding variety of exercise equipment that was available , and his complete lack of experience with any of it . "  I did n't know what speed to try , what incline . I just tried the treadmill because it seemed simplest . I was terribly out of shape , did n't know what a good calorie burn was , how long to go -- I did n't know anything . I was a newbie . " Even so , he kept it up , five days a week . His wife , Emily Hoffman , was surprised at his commitment . "  He was so determined , " she said , "  and any small positive change in his body kept him moving forward . " The most difficult obstacle for Hoffman was changing his diet . "  Once you 're addicted to food , you 're always addicted to food , " he said . "  If somebody put a fresh plate of brownies in front of me , it would be just as hard to say no as it was at the beginning .  But  you can never outwork a poor diet . " Hoffman began keeping track of his caloric intake with a smart phone app , limiting himself to 2,000 calories a day . He also tried to find healthy versions of his favorite foods : cheese made with skim milk , pizza made with wheat dough and even black bean brownies . Over the course of the year , Hoffman made swift progress . As the holiday season rolled around again , he made another trip to the doctor . When the results came in for his blood pressure and sugar level tests , both he and he doctor were stunned . "  The doctor called all the nurses and doctors and pediatricians out of their rooms and said ` This guy actually did it , ' " Hoffman remembered proudly . "  Everyone clapped . " But that was not the end . Today , Hoffman weighs 190 pounds . In order to maintain his healthy lifestyle , he continues to wear a calorie tracker every day . He also keeps two pictures beside his bed , one from before his weight loss and one after , reminding himself every morning and every night , "  Never again . " Hoffman also continues to look for new ways to improve his personal fitness , describing himself as "  a fitness dork . " Earlier this year , he participated in his first triathlon . After training "  like crazy , " he snagged first place . From 343 pounds to a lean 190 . From not knowing how to use a treadmill to winning a triathlon . From "  newbie " to "  fitness dork . " In a short time , Hoffman made a drastic change . After that , he just kept going .	Kerry Hoffman was a fit football player until he lost his father to liver disease Hoffman told his doctor on New Year 's Day 2012 he would lose 100 pounds Hoffman lost 153 pounds , now weighs 190
