Washington  CNN  -- As New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen accused former Sen. Scott Brown of "  fear-mongering " on Ebola , Democrats strongly agreed , Republicans completely disagreed , and independent voters stayed neutral . That 's according to the results of Microsoft Bing Pulse voting , where viewers reacted in real time to the CNN/NH1 New Hampshire Senate debate . The two candidates squared off on national issues such as Ebola , terror threats , immigration , Obamacare and the minimum wage . Democrats and Republicans intensely favored the view of their party 's candidate , naturally disagreeing when the opponent retorted . Ebola , ` fear-mongering ' dominate New Hampshire debate Independents , however , remained true to their individuality , by overall not aligning with a particular party or candidate . Brown blasted President Barack Obama 's handling of the Ebola outbreak , saying if Romney were leading the nation , he would have minimized the threat and would have had a "  clear and concise plan . " Those words caused Republicans to strongly agree , while independents agreed less intensely in Brown 's favor . When the debate turned to ISIS , independents aligned more with Democrats . Both groups agreed with Shaheen when she supported Obama 's decision not to send U.S. ground troops to the Middle East . New Hampshire is known for its independent voters , who in September accounted for 43 % of the state 's electorate . The number of independent voters participating in Pulse was even higher , representing about two-thirds of participants . ` Rational fear ' and 5 other key moments from debate When the results are broken down by gender , men and women did not line up on the same wavelength . Men and women both agreed when Brown criticized Shaheen for voting with Obama , but the genders diverged when Shaheen defended her support of the minimum wage , with women showing higher support . The highest volume of voting occurred after debate moderator Wolf Blitzer asked Brown whether he supports raising the minimum wage , and Brown referenced a time when he worked a minimum-wage job . "  My first job was at Dunkin' Donuts cleaning the grease trap , " recalled Brown . "  I still remember what the smell is . " New Hampshire was represented well in the Pulse audience , with 63 % of participants saying they are registered voters of the Granite State .	Viewers voted during the New Hampshire debate using Bing Pulse Democrats and Republicans voted intensely in favor of their party 's candidate Independents stayed more neutral in their opinions
FALLUJA , Iraq  CNN  -- "  I can still hear her screams , " says Mohammed Rasoul , pointing to the sidewalk where he was sitting moments before a car bomb ripped through his street , killing his younger cousin and blowing off his right leg . Mohammed Rasoul stands at the grave where his cousin is buried . He lost his right leg in the attack that killed her . Mohammed , now 14 , shudders as he stands on the street he grew up on in the war-torn city of Falluja . He admits he 's afraid of another explosion . CNN first met Mohammed two years ago . Every day , on crutches he would make the painstaking journey to his cousin 's grave to water a small tree he planted next to it . She was just 6-years-old when she was killed in the car bombing on October 13 , 2006 . Mohammed 's story came to the attention of the Global Medical Relief Fund , a U.S.-based charity that helps children in war zones across the globe . Within months , Mohammed and his mother , Jinan Mohammed , were on their way to the United States , an experience that changed their lives and their perspectives . Watch Iraqi amputee walk again " "  Before I went to America , the only America I knew was the one that harmed us , destroyed our homes and our lives , " his mother says . "  But when I went to America , I saw such kindness and humanity . " At the Shriners Children 's Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Mohammed was fitted with a prosthetic and for the first time in two years , his mother saw her son stand on his own . Her eyes immediately swelled with tears . She had not realized how tall Mohammed had gotten since the attack . Meet other children helped by the Global Medical Relief Fund " "  My son 's life changed , " she says , back in Iraq nearly a year after her son 's treatment . "  He used to be so depressed . He would watch boys playing football , and he would be balancing on one leg on the sidelines . Now , he walks tall and proud . " When they came back to Iraq , there were celebrations for days . Everyone wanted to see Mohammed walk , and everyone wanted to know what America was like . "  Everyone was so happy , " Mohammed remembers . "  They were just staring at me because they could n't believe that I was walking . " But having experienced life in America -- a life without fear -- coming back to Falluja , where most of the buildings still bear the scars of war , was a traumatic reality check . His overwhelming fear of another attack came back , even stronger than before . "  I am afraid , " he says . "  I feel that people are pointing at me saying , ` Look , he was in America ! ' And , you know , here people get killed for that . " He adds , "  The worst day of my life was when I returned to Iraq . " Despite his fears , he still makes the daily trip to his cousin 's grave . He waters the tree -- now just a twig after somebody snapped it in half -- and prays for his cousin 's soul and for his own . His only wish is to leave his country and get past the painful memory of what he has endured . "  After what I suffered through here , no , I wo n't ever miss Iraq , " he says . "  This country is over . Iraq will never return as it was . " Mohammed has now returned again to the United States with the help of the Global Medical Relief Fund . He 's outgrown his prosthetic and will soon be fitted with a new one .	Iraq boy , 14 , got a prosthetic leg after a U.S. charity helped him Mohammed Rasoul now struggles to cope with life in Iraq : "  I am afraid " Mohammed 's right leg was blown off in a 2006 attack that also killed his cousin His mother wishes all Iraqis could see the generous nature of Americans
CNN  -- South Africans paid tribute to Nelson Mandela on the first anniversary of his death , with his widow imploring citizens to carry on his legacy of love and forgiveness . Mandela , 95 , died on December 5 , 2013 , after battling a recurring lung infection . Officials scheduled a series of events Friday to mark the anniversary of his death , including a wreath-laying ceremony , a cricket match and blaring of vuvuzelas , followed by moments of silence . His wife , Graca Machel , was among attendees at one of the first events of the day : a wreath-laying ceremony at his statue in Pretoria . During the ceremony , she spoke of her husband 's legacy and the need to carry it forward . "  Madiba 's legacy covers everyone in the country , in Africa and in the world , " she said . ' I was not able to think , I was numb ' She called on everyone to tap into his legacy of forgiveness , and ensure everything he stood for lives on long after he is gone . Machel also mentioned her sorrow at her husband 's death , and the feeling of emptiness that washed over her . "  When he left he said , ' I leave you in peace and I want you to live in peace , ' " she said . "  On the day of his passing I was not able to think , I was numb . " ` Tall and proud ' However , she said , she got solace from knowing her husband is at peace and is with friends who died before him . She mentioned some of his closest friends , including Oliver Tambo , with whom Mandela operated the nation 's first black law firm . "  Looking back , I imagine him tall and proud , walking , and all of them rising to welcome him , " Machel said . The revered statesman emerged from prison in 1990 after 27 years in detention to lead South Africa out of decades of apartheid . Mandela 's defiance of white minority rule and incarceration for fighting against segregation focused the world 's attention on apartheid , the legalized racial segregation enforced by the South African government . Quiet final years In the years leading up to his death , he battled various ailments , forcing him to retreat to a quiet life and fade from the limelight . Despite rare public appearances , he held a special place in the nation . In his lifetime , he went from a militant freedom fighter , to a prisoner , to a president , to an elder statesman . Vuvuzelas , then silence Mandela became the nation 's first black president in 1994 . He retired from the presidency five years later , and for many South Africans , he was simply Madiba , his traditional clan name . Others affectionately called him Tata , the Xhosa word for father . Other events marking his memorial include a cricket match between the Proteas and the Springboks , and an interfaith prayer . His foundation will also have a three-minute , seven-second blaring of vuvuzelas and traditional horns , followed by three minutes of silence . The six minutes and seven seconds are a symbol of the 67 years he spent in public service .	Officials schedule a series of events to mark the anniversary of Nelson Mandela 's death They include a wreath-laying ceremony , a cricket match and blaring of vuvuzelas Graca Machel discusses the need to carry her husband 's legacy forward
Washington  CNN  -- When Sen. Mark Begich looks at the next two years , he says he is not concerned about the tough votes he is bound to have to make that could have an impact on his re-election in 2014 . The moderate Democrat from Alaska even laughs a bit when he says , "  Every vote we take here is tough . " "  My strategy has always been to do what I am going to do and focus on my issues , " Begich said in an interview with CNN . Begich is one of six moderate Democrats from "  red " states whose terms ends in two years . Max Baucus of Montana , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , Tim Johnson of South Dakota , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas are among the 20 Democrats whose terms will be up in 2014 ; Republicans will defend 13 seats . CNN Election Center : Complete results Though no Republican has declared a run against Begich , speculation in Alaska is that Gov. Sean Parnell will challenge the first-term senator . Since 2008 , when the former Anchorage mayor narrowly defeated incumbent Republican Ted Stevens , Begich has voted as a moderate and has shown willingness to work with the other party . At times , he says , that can get lonely : "  You feel like a Lone Ranger sometimes . " Asked about positions he has taken on oil and drilling or on transportation in the 112th Congress , Begich said , "  Sometimes I feel like I look around and I look behind me and there are n't many national Democrats there . But that is the way it goes . " Though fiscal cliff and budget issues are likely to dominate Congress ' lame duck session -- and likely the new Congress -- there are any number of issues that could emerge in President Barack Obama 's second term that could test moderate Democrats . Much has been made of liberal Democrats Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Baldwin elected to the Senate last week and both parties being pulled away from the middle , but Begich points out that moderate Democrats Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Donnelly of Indiana also were elected . 2014 battle for the Senate starts now Senate votes will be heavily scrutinized in midterms But Begich 's optimism may not be well-founded -- the reality , says Nathan Gonzales from the Rothenberg Political Report , is that even the most benign votes Begich and his fellow moderates make will be used against them in 2014 . "  Senators that are up for re-election are up under a larger microscope . Their votes will be dissected even more closely when they are in cycle , " Gonzales said . Joe Manchin of West Virginia fired a warning shot -- literally -- to his fellow Democrats when the former governor was running against Republican businessman John Raese in the special election to fill the remainder of the late Sen. Robert Byrd 's term . In a 30-second statewide TV ad , Manchin fired a bullet through a symbol of the House-passed cap-and-trade legislation -- a bill incredibly unpopular in his coal-rich state -- thereby both highlighting his opposition to the proposal and trumpeting his support of Second amendment rights . Democrats may also be emboldened by the way voters in some states last week supported Democrats in the Senate even while voting for GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney . "  We learned from Tuesday 's results that voters are willing to split their tickets , " Gonzales said . In Indiana , Missouri and North Dakota , all states in which Romney outran Obama by more than 10 points , Democrats won Senate seats . Though ill-chosen comments on rape by Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana helped the Democrats in each case , Landrieu 's chief of staff , Jane Campbell , is encouraged . Though she did not guarantee victory -- "  I am not telling you that it is going to be easy . Her races have never been easy , " Campbell said -- she did sound confident . Landrieu "  has run three times in a state that has always had a Republican lean , and her numbers have gone up every single time , " Campbell said . Every election "  she has always been among the top targets and she has always shown the people of Louisiana and they have asked her to come back . " Campbell noted the senator focuses on issues that her constituents care about , singling out protecting the state 's bayous , holding BP oil company responsible for recovery from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil disaster , and education . New U.S. House : Women and minorities to the left ; white men to the right Focusing on issues important to constituents Begich took the same tack -- listing issues like oil and natural gas , drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and transportation -- as his selling points to Alaskan voters . Throughout the conversation he mentioned issues most Democrats would n't touch , like auditing the Federal Reserve , strengthening gun rights and lowering the corporate tax rate . Begich 's strategy seems clear -- focus on issues that matter to Alaskans for the last two years of his term . "  I always run like I am 15 points behind . You always run hard , " Begich said . "  I am focused in the last several years on the issues that matter to Alaska . " But how does that jibe with the wider Democratic caucus ? When the 113th Congress is commenced in January , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid will have to unite his caucus . With a mixed bag of priorities , and a handful of more moderate members focusing on getting re-elected in 2014 , that could prove taxing . "  Leader Reid has a difficult task and I think the president is going to be looking to define his legacy , " Gonzalez said . "  I think he is going to try to get something big done that is going to have political consequences . The ones who have the most on the line are the people who will face voters in the midterm . " Jim Manley , who used to work as the chief spokesman for Reid , said he expects that the majority leader is going to go out of his way to make sure every Democrat feels comfortable with each vote . "  There are different ways to juggle votes , " Manley said . "  In the end , Reid understands that they have to do what they have to do to get re-elected . Reid understands that they need to do what they have to do to represent their constituents . " After all , Manley pointed out , Reid has had to do this ever since becoming majority leader in 2006 . "  He spent the last couple of years juggling the competing concerns of  moderates  Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson against the demands of  progressives  Sherrod Brown and Bernie Sanders . " Begich says he assured Reid before the 2012 elections that he is ready to take hard votes and that the leader does n't have to worry about putting him in a tough spot . Even so , said a confident Begich , he likes where he is two years out from the election . "  Some of the guys who were running for re-election  in 2012  had to moderate in my direction , " Begich said . "  I came in with these positions already because that is who I am . "	With both parties being pulled away from the middle , Senate Dems face uphill climb in '14 Six Democrats from states that voted for Romney are up for re-election in midterms Mike Begich notes that two Democratic moderates were elected last week Begich and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana say they 'll focus on what their constituents want
The Frisky  -- Sunday is the series finale of "  Lost . " For the past six seasons of "  Lost , " every single episode has brought us at least one new oddity to ponder . And yet , as frequently as questions are posed , it 's not that often a question is actually answered . This is why the love the show , but also what makes it such an ever-evolving mind bender . Now we are down to the final episode . It 's a long one -- two and a half hours to be exact -- but it has all us fans wondering , how the heck are they going to tie up all the loose ends ? Sadly , they wo n't . Today , producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse announced that because they felt they did n't have enough time to finish all the story lines , the season six DVD will contain 20 extra minutes . But , um , we do n't want to wait until August or have to drop $ 50 to know everything ! So , guys , here are 10 questions we need the answers to on Sunday . Mmm-k ? The Frisky : 11 most romantic  and hawt  "  Lost " clips 1 . What the heck is the island ? So many different theories have been presented by different characters this season . Is the island a cork on a wine bottle of evil that keeps the darkness from spilling out into the regular world , as suggested by Jacob ? Is the island hell and everyone on it is dead , as Isabella told Ricardo ? Or is it a hiding place for the world 's life source , as Jacob and the Man in Black 's mother proposed ? Or is it something else entirely ? 2 . What 's up with that white light ? Jacob has been tasked with guarding the white light for forever , and in this week 's episode , Jack volunteered to take over the job -- which makes sense , as Jacob tells him that the light is near the bamboo field where he awoke in the show 's first seconds . But , uh , what is the light exactly ? And whom does it need to be protected from ? The Frisky : The 5 most kick-butt scenes in "  Lost " 3 . Why are the characters ' lives in the "  sideways " universe different from what they were before the crash ? All season , we 've been getting flashes to an alternate reality where flight 815 never crashes and lands safely in Los Angeles . Some of the characters ' lives match up with what we 've seen in flashbacks to their lives before the crash . But most are way different -- for example , Jack has a son , Locke has a loving fiancé , and Desmond appears to be a bad guy  maybe ?  pulling strings and making puppets dance . Why ? 4 . Speaking of , what is Desmond 's function in all this ? Last episode , we found out that Desmond is a "  fail safe . " And we 've known for a while now that , somehow , he survived the electromagnetic explosion of the hatch . Is Desmond super-powered ? Because of the explosion , or has the island always been his destiny too ? How will he play into whatever is coming ? The Frisky : 8 things I will NOT miss about "  Lost " going away 5 . What about the polar bears ? In the series pilot , Sawyer shoots and kills a polar bear . We know that the Dharma Initiative kept them in the cages -- but did they bring them ? Or were they already there ? 6 . Why ca n't women have babies on the island ? Another question that goes seasons back with no explanation . Why was Claire able to give birth to Aaron and Jacob and the Man in Black 's mother able to give birth to them -- but all other women on the island are unable to have babies ? 7 . How will Jack try to kill the Man in Black ? When Jack took over for Jacob , Jacob said Jack must "  do what he could n't -- kill him . " So how exactly does one go about killing a lethal cloud of black smok ? Guess we 'll have to find out . The Frisky : They were "  Lost " on a remote island , but still stylish ? 8 . How is Jacob still conversing with the candidates when he is dead ? In last year 's season finale , the Man in Black convinced Ben to kill Jacob . So , uh , how is Jacob sitting around a campfire explaining to the candidates how he picked each of them because they had no ties , led miserable existences , and were alone in the world ? 9 . What 's up with Jack 's neck wound ? In the sideways universe , Jack has a wound on his neck that keeps reopening for no apparent reason . This has me a little nervous . I 'm worried that in the final showdown between Jack and the Man in Black , Jack might not come out alive . If his throat gets slashed , it would explain that detail in the sideways reality . 10 . Why was the island underwater ? Remember back in the season premiere when the island was shown totally submerged underwater ? Why ? How ? When ? Is that the end result of whatever battle is coming ? TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	The "  Lost " season six DVD will contain 20 extra minutes Why was Claire able to give birth , but the other women are not ? Jack has a wound on his neck that keeps reopening for no apparent reason
Here 's a look at the timeline of events in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , and the ensuing uproar . February 26 About 7 p.m. : George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch captain , calls 911 to report "  a suspicious person " in the gated community Retreat at Twin Lakes . Zimmerman says he is following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursues Martin anyway , but then says he lost sight of him . About 7:10 p.m. : Phone records show Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend around the time he saw Zimmerman while returning on foot from a convenience store to his the home of his father 's fiancee . At a March 20 news conference , Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump says the girl heard someone ask Martin what he was doing and Martin asking why the person was following him . The girl gets the impression that there is an altercation , during which the earpiece falls from Martin 's ear and the connection goes dead , according to Crump . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman tells authorities that after Zimmerman briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchange words , Zimmerman says , he reaches for his cell phone , and then Martin punches him in the nose . Zimmerman says Martin pins him to the ground and begins slamming his head into the sidewalk . About 7:25 p.m. : Martin is shot and killed . It is raining . At the time of his death , the teenager is unarmed and carrying a small amount of cash , a bag of Skittles candy and a can of iced tea . Several neighbors of the gated community call 911 , with authorities eventually releasing the contents of seven such calls . In one , a man whispers , "  Hurry , please . ... There 's someone screaming outside . There 's a gunshot . Hurry up . ... There 's someone screaming . I just heard a gunshot . " Another neighbor says , "  There were gunshots right outside my house . There 's someone screaming . I just heard a guy shot . Hurry up . They are right outside my house . " In another call , a woman begs dispatchers to send help , saying someone is "  screaming and hollering " for help . Moments later , she describes a light at the scene of the shooting . "  Oh , my God , " she says . "  There 's still somebody out there walking with a flashlight . " About 7:30 p.m. : Zimmerman tells police he shot Martin in self-defense . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith writes that Zimmerman is bleeding from the nose and back of the head . March 8 : Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , family members and attorneys hold a news conference calling attention to the case . March 12 : Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee says Zimmerman has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his account of the events . March 14 : CNN 's David Mattingly reports that police have concluded their investigation and turned the file over to the state attorney , who will decide whether to file charges . Martin 's parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , create a petition on the website Change.org calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . Within a week , it is the second most-popular petition in the website 's history , with 877,110 signatures . The NAACP asks the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation . March 15 : In a letter to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father writes that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Robert Zimmerman writes that his son is Hispanic and grew up in a multiracial family . March 16 : Authorities release seven calls to police from the night of the shooting . In one of the 911 recordings , Zimmerman says he is following Martin . Also in one of the recordings , a voice can be heard in the background screaming "  Help , help ! " followed by the sound of a gunshot . March 19 : The Justice Department announces that it has launched an investigation into Martin 's death . Florida Gov. Rick Scott asks state officials to assist in the investigation . March 20 : Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , says nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " The law allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The Justice Department sends representation to Sanford to investigate and "  to address tension in the community . " March 21 : CNN analyzes one of the tapes of Zimmerman 's call to dispatch , in which he is purported to have used a racial slur . The results are inconclusive . March 22 : Police Chief Lee announces that he is stepping down temporarily as head of the department , which has been criticized for its handling of the shooting . Scott announces that he is appointing State 's Attorney Angela Corey of the 4th Judicial Circuit as special prosecutor , replacing Norman Wolfinger . As the petition calling for Zimmerman 's arrest reaches 1 million signatures , according to Change.org , civil rights activists , politicians , family and supporters converge on Fort Mellon Park in Sanford to rally for swift judicial action , including Zimmerman 's arrest . March 23 : President Barack Obama speaks publicly for the first time on the growing controversy , saying the incident requires national "  soul-searching . " March 24 : A handful of members from the New Black Panther Party offer a $ 10,000 reward for the "  capture " of George Zimmerman . March 26 : One month after Martin was killed , demonstrators rally across the country calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . In Sanford , the City Commission holds a town hall meeting on the incident and its aftermath . March 28 : Zimmerman 's father , Robert , appears on television and says Martin threatened to kill Zimmerman and then beat him so badly that Zimmerman was forced to shoot . March 29 : Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , appears on CNN and says medical records will prove that his brother was attacked and his nose was broken by Martin before he fatally shot the teen . March 29 : A witness , who asks not to be identified , tells CNN of having heard voices , "  opening a window and then seeing -- with two men or two people on the ground , one on top of each other " on the night Martin was shot dead . March 31 : Civil rights leaders join throngs of protesters carrying "  Justice for Trayvon " signs on Saturday , marching to the Sanford , Florida , police headquarters to demand the arrest of Zimmerman . April 2 : Audio experts tell CNN that they do n't believe it 's Zimmerman who can be heard yelling "  Help ! " in the background of a 911 call . They compare those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier describing a "  suspicious " black male , who ended up being Martin . April 5 : Zimmerman says he whispered "  punks , " not a racial slur , in the moments before he shot Martin , his attorneys tell CNN . CNN 's editorial staffers repeatedly review the tape but can reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . April 9 : Special prosecutor Corey decides against using a grand jury in the case . "  We believed , from day one , that they had enough evidence to arrest the killer of Trayvon Martin and now , as the evidence has continued to unfold , we think there has been a plethora of evidence to simply effect probable cause to do an arrest -- not for a conviction , but for an arrest , " says family attorney Benjamin Crump . April 10 : Attorneys for Zimmerman say they have lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . Lawyer Hal Uhrig says Zimmerman has , on his own , called Sean Hannity of Fox News and the office of the special prosecutor appointed to lead the investigation . Uhrig also suggests that Zimmerman has left Florida . Zimmerman 's now-former lawyers and friend Frank Taaffe confirm the authenticity of a website as having been launched by the neighborhood watch volunteer to warn supporters about groups falsely claiming to be raising funds for his defense and to solicit donations for himself . April 11 : Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Martin , says special prosecutor Angela Corey . "  This is a very , very major charge , " says CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It carries the potential of life in prison . The jury instructions that the jury will receive is he can only be convicted if he showed a depraved attitude toward Trayvon Martin 's life . That 's a tough burden for a prosecutor to meet . But she has access to facts that we do n't . " April 12 : An affidavit of probable cause in Florida 's case against Zimmerman says he "  profiled " Martin and disregarded a police dispatcher 's request that he await the arrival of police . Zimmerman 's relatives say that he did not profile Martin and that he shot him in self-defense . They say Zimmerman killed Martin after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk . April 18 : A Florida judge approves a motion to disqualify herself from the case , according to the court . Zimmerman 's defense team had requested that Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler , who was assigned to the case , be removed after she revealed that her husband works with a CNN legal analyst . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. is appointed to take her place . April 20 : Speaking during a court hearing , Zimmerman apologizes to Martin 's family . Moments later , a Florida judge sets bond at $ 150,000 , allowing Zimmerman the chance to get out of jail while he awaits trial . April 23 : Zimmerman enters a written not-guilty plea after being released on bail shortly after midnight . He has been fitted with a GPS monitoring device that allows authorities to track his location , the sheriff 's department says . Lee resigns as Sanford police chief , but city commissioners vote against accepting his resignation .	February 26 : George Zimmerman shot , killed Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida Zimmerman calls the shooting self-defense ; Martin family says victim was profiled April 11 : Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder , later goes to jail April 23 : He pleads not guilty after being released on bail
CNN  Twelve years ago , Rachel Miller was lost when it came to her son John . The 7-year-old was profoundly disabled because of his autism . Unable to speak , he withdrew from people at school and , worse , from his family . In March 2003 , Miller was introduced to Jeff Hancock , a one-on-one therapist for people with autism , and things started to feel a little more manageable . Hancock was hired to be John 's companion . The two would go people-watching at the mall in Stuart , Florida , on the weekends . Hancock chatted throughout their excursions , even though John could n't talk back . Their relationship evolved when Hancock introduced John to the Special Olympics in Martin County . Hancock , a longtime volunteer for the organization , and Miller decided John should get involved in sports after they saw a rare sight : Whenever John was running or being active , he was smiling . Up until that point , Miller said , it was virtually impossible to get John involved with sports because of his condition . "  There were very few people who knew how to handle a disability as severe as John 's , " she said . "  Even teachers and professionals were unable to reach him . " One area of difficulty was communication . John could n't speak and was mainly unresponsive to people . And people distanced themselves when they saw the teen injure himself . John would bite his arms and hands and even hit himself with powerful blows to the head , Miller said . As John got older , his behavioral issues intensified . But while teachers and peers drew away , Hancock stood closer by his side . When John turned 12 , Hancock introduced him to track at the Special Olympics . For the first three years , the pair just observed the sport by watching practices and events . Hancock worked daily with John , showing him everything , including where to sit , stand and walk , so he would understand the flow of the events . Eventually , the lessons clicked , and John was off doing 50-meter sprints . John was racing because he loved to run , not because he wanted to compete , Hancock explained . "  Winning is not in his vocabulary . We put him in smaller races so that he could finish , " Hancock said . Finishing the races was a way to boost John 's confidence . "  He learned that when he finished the race he could see his mom , and get a drink , and get hugs . " But as John got older , he got stronger and faster . At 16 , he was jumping hurdles and doing 800-meter races . Miller started seeing her son as a serious athlete . Off the field , John was closed off to the world , but on the track he shined . "  John 's head will be down a lot when he is trying to have social interactions . But when he is running , his form is perfect , " she said . John even verbalizes on the field , joyously yelling . "  It sounds like he is happy , " Miller said . In May 2014 , John 's training brought him to the Special Olympics State Summer Games in Orlando . The 18-year-old was competing in the 800 meters and the 110-meter hurdles . As the 800 was setting up , Miller remembered , she pressed her face against the fence , anxiously waiting for John to compete . The lanes were filled and the runners took their positions . Miller 's mind raced : Would John would be OK in front of hundreds of cheering spectators ? Would he would trip ? Would he even finish ? But as soon as the race started , her fears melted away , and all Miller saw was an athlete , her athlete . "  I just wanted to see the best performance . It seemed much more significant than whether he would ever speak or respond to me , " she said . John ended up winning the gold medal for the 800 . Sports completely changed John , and Miller said that is because of Hancock . "  A person with a disability can feel hopeless and isolated , and I think that can happen to parents , too . Jeff probably saw that with us , " Miller said , thinking back to when Hancock first met their family . "  John was never expected to be an athlete , " Miller said . "  But if John could speak , he would say his coach always expected it . "	Rachel Miller 's son John , 18 , is severely autistic and struggles with personal connections John 's joy in running became apparent to her and therapist Jeff Hancock , who has known John since 2003 In 2014 , John raced in the Special Olympics State Summer Games in Florida
CNN  -- The carnage from Syria 's civil war continues to mount , with 184 people killed Wednesday , 100 of them in Damascus and its suburbs , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Here are the latest key developments in the spiraling conflict : Diplomatic front : U.N. 's humanitarian chief "  extremely concerned " The humanitarian situation in Syria has gotten worse , U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said Wednesday . Amos said she is "  extremely concerned that all parties of the conflict are failing to comply with international humanitarian law , which sets out clear rules on the protection of civilians . This conflict has taken on a particularly brutal and violent character . " The Syrian government estimates that 1.2 million people are sheltering in public buildings , and "  many more are staying with relatives and friends , " Amos said . "  Both those who have fled and their hosts have urgent humanitarian needs due to the widening impact of the crisis on the economy and on people 's livelihoods . " Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has said it will let aid groups already in the country expand their operations but wo n't allow new aid to enter . The government is worried the aid would get into the hands of "  armed groups and terrorists , " a phrase it has used to describe those seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The flow of aid has hardly kept up with the pace of violence as scores of people are killed each day and medics resort to makeshift clinics and crude supplies to treat the wounded . The United Nations and its partners are reaching more people each month with food and emergency aid , Amos said . "  Last month , more than 820,000 people were fed , " and in the first two weeks of August , basic necessities such as hygiene kits and blankets were distributed to more than 60,000 people . On the ground : the bulk of Wednesday 's killings occurred near the capital Nearly half of the 100 people reported killed Wednesday in the capital or its suburbs were killed in Al-qaboun , a neighborhood northeast of Damascus . A spokesman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees told CNN via Skype that pro-regime militias -- called Shabiha -- fired rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns randomly into houses . By the time they had withdrawn , 46 bodies were laying on the streets , said Omar Al-qabouni , the spokesman . He added that about 15 of the victims had been arrested in previous days , the rest had been seized earlier Wednesday from their houses . "  The bodies bear visible signs of bullets and stabbing wounds , " Al-qabouni . The neighborhood is an opposition stronghold that has witnessed anti-regime protests since shortly after the civil war began in March 2011 , and from which 70 % of the residents have already fled , he said . "  The regime is trying to empty the neighborhood from its people so it can secure it , " he said . Lena Al-Shami , an opposition activist in Damascus , told CNN via Skype that the regime 's campaign against rebel strongholds also includes the Damascus neighborhoods of Kafr Susah , where two dozen people were executed Wednesday , and Nahr Aisha , where another nine were killed . Al-shami said shelling from government artillery and tanks represented a "  revenge campaign " against residents for having sheltered opposition fighters and activists . The activist accounts matched those of other activist networks inside and outside Syria . Amateur videos and photographs posted on the Internet backed up their accounts , showing the bodies of men in what the video said was the Al-qaboun neighborhood . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the footage . In the town of Ariha , in Idlib province , fierce clashes broke out Wednesday between rebels and Syrian troops , according to the LCC . Syria , on state TV , said authorities clashed with "  terrorists " in Hama suburbs , killed some and arrested many others . State-run news agency SANA said Syrian forces were "  severely hitting the mercenary terrorists in a number of neighborhoods in the city of Aleppo . " Before she was killed in a gun battle in Aleppo , Japanese journalist Mika Yamamoto spent her final moments filming in the besieged city . Her colleagues released her final footage Wednesday . "  They are shooting indiscriminately ; they are dropping bombs onto the town from bombers onto people , running about one after the other , without discrimination , " Yamamoto says in the video , shot Monday . After a single gunshot is heard , the footage ends . Watch the final footage Wounded refugees enter Iraq Fighting was under way Wednesday between Syrian forces and the rebel Free Syrian Army near the Iraqi border , in the Albu Kamal area , according to Iraqi army officers at the border . Rebels overtook some Syrian military posts in the area , but regime forces were working to regain control of the area , the officers said . Late Tuesday night and Wednesday morning , Iraqi security officers heard explosions that they identified as fire from tanks and heavy artillery used by Syrian military forces . The Free Syrian Army handed over to Iraqi authorities for treatment 25 casualties , including children and women , said Mahmoud Abu al-Taeib , deputy head of a refugee center in al-Qaim at the Iraqi border . The Iraqi army was on alert , he said . Nearly 4,000 Syrian refugees have crossed the border from Albu Kamal alone . The president 's inner circle : Al-Assad 's resignation ca n't be a condition for dialogue If the West continues to insist on al-Assad 's resignation , there is zero chance he 'll negotiate with rebels , according to Syria 's deputy prime minister . Requiring the resignation "  as a condition before dialogue means that there will be no dialogue , " Qadri Jamil said Tuesday , according to Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency . "  If this issue is being imposed on us from abroad , it is a very dangerous precedent in international relations . " But the odds of a meaningful dialogue between the regime and rebels appear slim to begin with . The government has said it will offer amnesty to rebels who lay down their arms , but rebels say they ca n't let the regime 's attacks continue without defending themselves and fighting back . The region : Fierce clashes ease in neighboring Tripoli , Lebanon Sniper fire broke out Wednesday in two dueling neighborhoods in Tripoli : one dominated by Alawite Muslims , the other by Sunni Muslims . The Syrian civil war has aggravated decades-old quarrels between the Jabal Mohsen and Bab al Tabaneh neighborhoods , and factions supporting and opposing the uprising in Syria . Gun battles in Tripoli this week left seven people dead and dozens injured , Lebanese state-run media reported . The strife between Alawites and Sunnis in Tripoli mirrors the conflict in Syria , where al-Assad 's regime is dominated by minority Alawites and the opposition is composed largely of Sunnis . Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north . They were initially called in to help stop a brewing civil war but maintained a significant presence -- which once numbered 40,000 -- long afterward . In a country struggling to maintain a balance among its religious and ethnic sects , resentment from the occupation lingers . Some Sunni Muslims staunchly oppose al-Assad and sympathize with the Sunni-led uprising in Syria that is calling for his ouster . Support for al-Assad is also plentiful , particularly in the south . CNN trip to get into -- and out of -- Aleppo Syria 's neighbors : What 's at stake ? CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Holly Yan , Salma Abdelaziz and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	U.N. humanitarian chief is "  extremely concerned " about "  brutal and violent " conflict 184 people have been killed Wednesday , an opposition group says In her final footage , a journalist described bombings and indiscriminate shooting
CNN  -- Back in the day , Bill Clinton was the highest-profile devotee of the highest-calorie items on the McDonald 's menu . What a difference a few years -- and a quadruple-bypass surgery -- can make . The fast food giant and the former Big Mac fan-in-chief announced they were coming together Thursday to help fight the scourge of obesity . Instead of just French fries to go with your value meal , McDonald 's soon will offer you a choice of a side salad , fruit or vegetable as a substitute . Video : Newt Gingrich on his love affair with McDonald 's food They also pledged to promote only water , milk and juice as the beverage that comes with a Happy Meal and to use Happy Meal packaging to "  generate excitement " for fruits and vegetables . "  If we want to curb the catastrophic economic and health implications of obesity across the world , we need more companies to follow McDonald 's lead and to step up to the plate and make meaningful changes " Clinton said in a McDonald 's press release . "  I applaud them for doing it . " Study : Teens gaining healthy habits , but it 's not enough But not everyone was popping the Champagne after the announcement -- or even the water , milk , or juice . "  Ronald McDonald 's slow march toward healthier meals made a major advance today , but a long road lies ahead for the company " said Margo Wootan of the Center for Science in the Public Interest . It 's something even McDonald 's acknowledged . "  And we know there 's more to do " CEO Don Thompson said in a statement . "  We will continue to use our size and scale around the world to help educate , empower and encourage our customers to make informed choices so they can live a balanced and healthy lifestyle . " McDonald 's said these new changes will come to 20 major markets around the world and will be fully implemented by 2020 . Eatocracy : Man builds $ 141.33 ` McEverything ' dream sandwich	Bill Clinton was once the most famous aficionado of Big Macs and other high-calorie offerings He and McDonald 's say they are now joining efforts to help fight obesity McDonald 's will soon offer a fries substitute : Side salad , fruit or vegetable Center for Science in the Public Interest offers limited applause for the move
CNN  -- Western Sydney Wanderers became the first Australian club to win the Asian Champions League after a goalless draw away to Saudi Arabia 's Al Hilal ensured a closely fought 1-0 aggregate victory in the tournament final Saturday . A heroic defensive display and some favorable refereeing ensured striker Tom Juric 's goal in last week 's first leg at the Parramatta Stadium in Sydney was enough to claim the continent 's most coveted club prize . Wanderers can now look forward to the FIFA World Club Championships in Morocco next month where they could come up against the likes of Real Madrid or San Lorenzo , current champions of Europe and South America 's leading club competitions respectively . The unlikely triumph is all the more remarkable given that the Wanderers were only founded in 2012 and were playing in continental competition for the first time . Only 14 Wanderers fans were given visas to attend the game in the Saudi capital , Riyadh , which was played in front of a highly partisan crowd in the King Fahd Stadium . "  The game was everything you expect from a final , " explained a delighted Wanderers coach and former Mark Popovic in quotes carried by the Asian Football Confederation website after the match . "  It is still a little surreal for me as a coach . I am sure it will hit home in the next few days when we reflect . "  I am just proud for these players and our club . The first time in the competition , to win it , I think in the future we will really understand how special this run has been and how it was to win this title . Popovic 's side have earned a reputation as a mean defensive unit over the course of the competition . Golakeeper Ante Covic was named the player of the tournament after the match and produced a series of spectacular saves in both legs of the final to keep the vastly more experienced Al Hilal at bay . But the keeper was extremely lucky not to give away a penalty midway through the second half when he cleaned out Al Hilal striker Salman al-Faraj in the box . Fortunately for Covic , the Japanese referee did n't point to the spot despite the protestations of incredulous Al Hilal players . Al Hilal 's Romanian coach , Laurentiu Reghecampf , lamented the decision from the sidelines but later described being more disappointed by the fact his team were not able to make the most of their chances over both legs . "  We had bad luck and we had many chances , " Reghecampf said . "  We were the best team over the two games . " "  If you lose one game when you play bad , you can congratulate the other team . But when you play how we played and they play how they played , we feel very bad . " "  We had a lot of chances but we missed them . If the ball does not come to our strikers they can not score and that 's why we have to find a balance between attack and defense . "	Western Sydney Wanderers win Asian Champions League after defeating Saudi Arabia 's Al Hilal 1-0 on aggregate Wanderers are first Australian side to win Asia 's premier club competition Just 14 Wanderers fans were granted visas to attend the game by Saudi Authorities
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova produced a powerful performance to defeat world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in the final of the WTA clay-court event in Stuttgart on Sunday . The Russian took just 84 minutes to blow the Belarusian off court in straight sets 6-1 6-4 and claim her first title of 2012 and the 25th of her career . Azarenka was n't at her best and needed treatment for a wrist injury in the first set , but Sharapova showed no mercy ramming home the advantage and closing out the set in 30 minutes . The reigning Australian Open champion was more resolute in the second but a break of serve for Sharapova in the seventh game enabled her to go on and take the match without hindrance . "  I am just happy to win , it 's a good tournament with very good players . It 's a shame she was injured and could n't play her normal game . I am just happy to have won the tournament , " the world No. 2 said afterwards . "  I came to Europe a bit earlier than normal before the French Open and was just going to use this tournament as a warm-up , but it works for me . " The win was revenge for Sharapova who lost to Azarenka in the Australian Open final in January and more recently in the final of the Indian Wells tournament in California . Azarenka said her wrist had been troubling her all week but was n't looking for excuses in defeat . "  Congratulations to Maria , she 's had a good week here . I am disappointed , of course , but I had a good week here as well and I am looking forward to coming back next year , " Azarenka said . Sharapova takes home a cheque for $ 115,000 and a new sports car .	Maria Sharapova powers past world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka to win WTA clay-court tournament in Stuttgart Azarenka troubled by a wrist injury was no match for the Russian who claims her first title of 2012
CNN  -- Helena Costa has had second thoughts over coaching French second-tier side Clermont Foot . In May , Clermont appointed Costa , who was previously in charge of the Iran women 's national team , as the club 's manager for next season . Clermont president Claude Michy described the 36-year-old Portuguese 's decision as "  sudden and surprising , " though no explanation was given for her change of heart . In a statement published on the club 's website Michy added : "  I deeply regret this situation . I thank all those who have supported me and I am most grateful . The operation of the club will continue with other stakeholders to prepare for the new season . " Costa would have been the first female coach of a French professional football club , while her appointment represented the first time a team in the top two divisions of one of Europe 's big five leagues -- Spain , Germany , England , Italy and France -- had hired a female manager . A sports science graduate , Costa had worked with the Iran and Qatar women 's national teams , while she also led Benfica 's male youth team to two World Youth titles . She also spent time as a scout with Scottish club Celtic . The English Premier League boasts two high-profile females , with Eva Carneiro fulfilling the role of Chelsea 's first-team doctor , while Karren Brady is West Ham 's vice chairman . Former England women 's national team manager Hope Powell was linked with the Grimsby job in 2009 , although she denied that she was ever in the running for the post . In Italy , Carolina Morace took charge of Italian Serie C1 team Viterbese for two matches in 1999 . Maria Jose Claramunt , meanwhile , is currently the director of the Spanish national team , however , she is responsible for marketing issues rather than sporting ones .	Helena Costa opts to leave French second-tier side Clermont Foot Clermont had announced her appointment in May French club give no explanation for Costa 's change of heart
CNN  -- She hit the big time in the 1980 's with Eurythmics and found huge success as a solo artist with her 1992 album "  Diva " , but for singer Annie Lennox , being able to express her passion has always been the motivating factor in whatever she 's done . Annie Lennox will continue to SING with her AIDS awareness charity . As a result her musical career has taken a back seat to her political activism and charity work in recent years ; most notably with SING her AIDS awareness in Africa charity , as well as working with Amnesty , Save the Children and as a UNICEF ambassador . Yet the 54-year-old maintains that she 'll always keep singing as well as working on the other things that she feels passionate about . "  I 'm a multi-tasker . I have to do a lot of things at once . I love music . And I want to keep making music . I hope that I 'll always be a music-maker and I 'll always be an activist , " she told CNN in Hong Kong . Growing up in Aberdeen , Scotland , Lennox found enormous success with Eurythmics and the 1983 album "  Sweet Dreams " and single of the same name . It catapulted her to international success and stardom , something she had always wanted , but at first found difficult to adjust to . "  We were really on a whole kind of roller coaster with -LSB- Eurythmics -RSB- , which on the one hand I was very grateful for , and on the other hand , it sort of sucked out your life , any sort of privacy , " she said . "  Just the ability to be anonymous which I absolutely really value . I love to just to be mixing with people and not have to be the one person in the room with the spotlight and the heads all turning . So that was a little bit hard to adapt to ... I might as well have a neon light for a head . " She 's sold over 80 million records during a career that has spanned four decades , which she credits to hard graft fueled by an unending passion for music . "  The glamour side to it is what we see as the end result . But all the rest of it is hard work and dedication . And it 's not easy always , you have to be very focused . And you have to be really , really motivated to do it . You have to have a kind of yearning , a passion for that . "  I was never thinking , ` Oh , I 'm in this for the long haul . ' I just think as I 'm still thinking , I want to have a life where I 'm able to do the thing that makes me feel alive . " Aware of the downsides of a career in music , Lennox also has a greater sense of the perils and pitfall in life , something she has often expressed in her music . "  I have encountered individuals and I 've encountered things in the industry that were vile . Bad things happen everywhere . And the music industry and all that surrounds it , is no exception . " . Having experienced unscrupulous people in the music industry and been through her own personal upheaval through two failed marriages , Lennox remain passionate , energetic and sanguine . Ultimately , she says , "  its all part of life 's rich tapestry . "	Sold over 80 million records in career that has spanned four decades Found success first with Eurythmics , British band founded with Dave Stewart Lennox set up SING charity to combat HIV and AIDS in Africa
Tim Welch was never the kind of guy who worried about his weight . Tim Welch topped 260 pounds at his heaviest weight , before his cousin convinced him to join Weight Watchers . In fact , the 37-year-old accounts manager from Seattle , Washington , ate a fairly balanced diet and loved participating in sports while growing up . "  I was thin and fit my whole life , " Welch remembers . "  I was always active in sports such as running cross-country in high school and swimming on the swim team in college . " Things started to change in 1995 after he graduated from college . Welch got a job , moved out of his parents ' house and began indulging in late-night meals with his friends . "  I remember specifically in 1995 , my waist size went from a 34 -LSB- inches -RSB- to a 38 in a matter of months , " Welch said . "  I got a size 36 pants to accommodate my waist size and I had to ask for a bigger size for Christmas because they were too tight . " Welch was in total disbelief when he stepped on the scale and realized he was carrying 200 pounds on his 5-foot-10-inch frame . Despite the initial shock , he continued to gain weight . Even though he fit the medical definition of obese , Welch stayed physically active . He joined a master 's swim team , hiked and walked regularly . Because he was physically active , Welch thought he could keep eating whatever he wanted . As his weight crept up , his desire to exercise waned . By the winter of 2005 , the extra calories and his now-sedentary lifestyle caught up with him . During a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed . "  That was pretty depressing to see that 262 -LSB- pounds -RSB- on the physical . Just knowing that I had become that heavy , " said Welch . About the same time , Welch started walking with a cousin who had lost 70 to 80 pounds on Weight Watchers . During their walks , she would gently encourage him to give the program a try , he says . She also tried to calm his fears that he 'd have to stop eating all of the foods he loved in order to lose weight . "  I kept expressing a really persistent fear I had of restricting my comfort foods . I felt to truly lose weight , I could n't ever eat the things I loved -- hamburgers , ice cream , chocolate , bacon , cheese -LSB- and -RSB- cookies , " said Welch . "  I felt like in order to lose weight I would have to give up those things . " Welch started to become depressed and ashamed of his increasing waist size . Embarrassing moments such as asking for a bigger pants size and having a homeless man yell , "  Hey , big guy ! " on the street -- began to take a toll on him . As a new year approached , Welch reached his breaking point . In January 2006 , as part of his New Year 's resolution , Welch reluctantly attended his first Weight Watchers meeting , but not before making one last stop for what Welch called his "  last meal . " "  I had a double-cheeseburger , onion rings and milkshake at Johnny Rockets right before the meeting , " said Welch . "  I weighed 252.6 at my first meeting . " During the first week on Weight Watchers , he dropped 7 pounds . Welch also learned how to enjoy his favorite foods through portion control , eating in moderation and choosing healthier foods first . Welch , who was already walking 3.5 miles a day roundtrip to work , started taking water aerobics three times a week and swimming again competitively . The weight continued to come off , about 2-3 pounds a week . CNN iReporters before-and-after weight loss photos " "  When I got to 200 pounds , I decided , well , ` Why do n't I go for a weight that 's a healthy weight range for my height , ' " said Welch . "  So I did , and by that point the weight had slowed down . It does n't come off as quickly as you get closer to your goal weight . But it was still coming off . " Eight months later , Welch had lost 87 pounds and reached his goal weight of 174 pounds , which is the maximum weight for someone who is 5 feet 10 inches tall , according to the national guidelines . People were stunned by his dramatic weight loss . "  I literally had people that knew me that did n't recognize me , " said Welch . So , what 's the best advice Welch has for others who want to lose weight ? "  Be the best friend you can to yourself while you 're going through this weight loss journey . I 've always been someone who was very hard on themselves and suffered from low self-esteem . " Welch said he tried to be very forgiving of himself during the whole process and he still is . He said you should congratulate yourself and focus on any accomplishment you make each day or each week , rather than focus on areas were you have failed . For example , Welch says if you have an extra helping of mashed potatoes , do n't beat yourself up . Stop yourself and focus on the fact that you chose salmon and peas for dinner and ate two helpings of mashed potatoes -- compared with the cheeseburger and French fries you would have eaten two years ago . Welch also says people should n't deny themselves completely . Allow yourself to indulge in some chocolate when you want it . But instead of eating the entire candy bar , break off a few squares , count the calories , and enjoy it . Also , learn to recognize the fats that are better for you . Do n't cut out all of the fat . Instead , choose a healthier fat . For example , Welch often allows himself to eat peanut butter or guacamole , which are higher in fat but are a healthier fat than eating something fried . How has the weight loss changed Welch 's life ? Welch can bend over and tie his shoes without discomfort . He feels much lighter going up a flight of stairs and he can hike much faster . More importantly , he 's become more optimistic . "  It made me realize I can , in fact , do anything I set my mind to , " said Welch . "  It gave me a confidence I desperately needed that I try to apply to other areas of my life . " iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Share your story , tips and photos E-mail to a friend	At his heaviest , Tim Welch tipped the scales at 262 pounds Battling depression , he reluctantly joined Weight Watchers He lost 87 pounds through exercise , portion control and better food choices Welch says he 's become a more optimistic person
The United States warned Syria in no uncertain terms Monday not to use chemical weapons amid intelligence reports indicating President Bashar al-Assad 's regime could be preparing to take that step as it escalates its fight against rebel forces . "  I want to make it absolutely clear to Assad and those under his command -- the world is watching , " President Barack Obama said during a speech at the National Defense University in Washington . "  The use of chemical weapons is and would be totally unacceptable . And if you make the tragic mistake of using these weapons , there will be consequences and you will be held accountable , " he said . Obama has previously warned that any use of chemical weapons by Syria in its civil war would be crossing a "  red line " that would prompt a swift U.S. response . Earlier on Monday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a similar warning . "  I 'm not going to telegraph in any specifics what we would do in the event of credible evidence that the Assad regime has resorted to using chemical weapons against their own people , " she said . "  But suffice it to say , we are certainly planning to take action if that eventuality were to occur . " U.S. officials are concerned that with fighting closing in on Damascus , forcing the temporary closure of the airport there , the regime may be feeling desperate and toying with the idea that chemical weapons could finally crush the persistent rebellion . Official : ` Worrying signs ' regarding Syria 's chemical weapons "  We believe that with the regime 's grip on power loosening with its failure to put down the opposition through conventional means , we have an increased concern about the possibility of the regime taking the desperate act of using its chemical weapons , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . The Syrian Foreign Ministry denied that the country had any plans to use chemical weapons , state TV reported . Citing a source at the ministry , state TV said Syria has repeatedly stressed it will not use such weapons , if they exist , against its people no matter the circumstances . But U.S. officials say "  worrying signs " suggest otherwise . According to one U.S. official , Syrian forces have begun combining chemicals that would be used to make deadly sarin gas for use in weapons to attack rebel and civilian populations . The United States obtained intelligence over the weekend indicating this development , according to the official who had direct knowledge of the latest information . The intelligence , the official said , came from multiple sources but the official declined to provide any more details about how the United States learned of it . Sarin gas , the source said , could most readily be used to fill artillery shells . "  This is n't just about movement , but about potential intent to make certain chemical weapons ready for use , " said a separate source , another U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter . Read more : Opposition accuses Syria of ` mental war ' after Internet blackout That source declined to describe the intelligence and acknowledged that the United States is n't entirely sure what the Syrian government is up to , or who ordered the moves . Meanwhile , the United Nations said Monday that it is immediately pulling all nonessential employees out of Syria . It was unclear how many people were involved or what role they have been playing in Syria . The United Nations removed cease-fire monitors from the country in August . At least 239 people were killed in violence across Syria on Monday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . The attacks included the bombing by Syrian warplanes of a town within sight of the Turkish border , which killed 10 people . Thick black smoke rose from the border town of Ras al-Ain , where witnesses said warplanes dropped two bombs . One appeared to strike a three-story building where opposition forces were staying , neighborhood mayor Mehmet Saitavci said . The strike sent panicked civilians running to the fence that separates the two countries , witnesses told CNN . Saitavci said the wounded were making their way to the border , where they were being picked up by ambulances . "  There are people with arms and legs missing coming across , " he said . Read more : Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences In Damascus , apparent fighting around the airport forced Egypt 's national airline to cancel flights to Syria , including recalling one flight that had taken off , after Syrian authorities contacted the airline to say the security situation was bad "  at the airport and its vicinity , " airline spokesman Dina el-Fouly said . The airport had been closed for three days because of fierce fighting , and Egypt Air had planned to resume flights Monday . They are now canceled indefinitely , el-Fouly said . Elsewhere , government forces bombed , shelled and rained rocket fire on cities across the country in the latest efforts by al-Assad 's forces to drive back rebel advances , opposition activists said . The airstrikes signal a sharp escalation in the fighting by forces loyal to al-Assad and rebels seeking his ouster , raising concerns among Syria 's neighbors that the 21-month-old civil war could spill across the borders . Neighboring countries have reported deadly border skirmishes with either Syrian forces or rebels . In June , Syrian anti-aircraft defenses shot down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet , killing two pilots , after it briefly crossed into Syrian airspace in the eastern Mediterranean Sea . Months later , errant Syrian artillery shells hit the border town of Akcakale , killing five Turkish civilians . As a result , Turkey has asked NATO for Patriot missiles to bolster its air defenses , a request NATO is expected to approve on Tuesday . Read more : Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help The United States , Germany and the Netherlands , which all have Patriot capabilities , have signaled they may be willing to contribute missiles should NATO approve the deployment to Turkey . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen stressed to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that the possible deployment of Patriot missiles is "  purely defensive , " and not aimed at preparing a no-fly zone . "  We have no intention to intervene militarily in Syria . We will do what it takes to protect our ally Turkey , " he said . However , Russia reiterated its opposition . "  We do n't consider that this will lead to the improvement of security in the current situation . " President Vladimir Putin 's spokesman , Dimitri Pesvok , said Monday . In photos : The Syrian conflict through children 's eyes	At least 239 are dead in fighting Monday across Syria , opposition activists say President Obama issues a direct warning to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad Syrian forces are mixing chemical warfare agents , says a U.S. official The Syrian Foreign Ministry denies plans to use such weapons
CNN  -- Twenty-three years ago , Scott Silverman found himself at an open , 44th-story window , on the brink of suicide . Two decades of escalating substance abuse , blackouts and depression had brought him to this moment . Scott Silverman started Second Chance to help people in shelters , the homeless and inmates leaving prison . "  I did n't think of myself as depressed , but then my drinking got so bad at the end , I felt my life was over , " Silverman recalled . Just then , a colleague entered the room and asked him what he was doing . Silverman entered rehab the next day and has been sober ever since . Fast forward to 2008 . Silverman has turned not only his own life around but also the lives of thousands of others . Rehab and volunteering brought him close to a community of others in need : people in shelters , those who were homeless , others who had come out of jail . They all shared one problem , Silverman saw : They were unable to find and keep a job . "  I thought , I 've been in treatment , I 've lost jobs , but I got lucky and had a very supportive family . I had to find a way to help them more effectively , " he said . The vehicle for that assistance is his Second Chance program in San Diego , California . It provides job readiness training , housing for sober living , and mental health and employment support services for what Silverman calls a "  difficult-to-serve " population . Started in 1993 , Second Chance has provided services to more than 24,000 individuals . It helps graduates with job placement and follows up with them for two years . Of 219 Second Chance graduates in 2004 , 169 found employment , the organization says . Three-quarters of them remained employed two years later . One key to its success , Silverman said , is that the Second Chance program begins with transitional , sober-living housing for its clients . "  You 've got to have an address to get a job , and you have to have a job to keep an address , " he said . "  I started with a little tiny house that we rented downtown , and in 2008 we have eight single-family homes and our main office where all the programs are run . " Watch Silverman describe the moment that changed his life " As part of its work , Second Chance targets those leaving prison . California has one of the highest repeat-offender rates in the country . Nearly two of three released inmates return to state prisons within three years . Silverman 's staff regularly enters the California correctional system to introduce their services to prisoners anticipating parole . Those who are accepted into his program are transported to sober-living housing the day they 're released and given 60 days of immediate free housing , clothing , incidentals and enrollment in job readiness training . Anthony Panarella is an ex-convict who recently graduated from Silverman 's prisoner re-entry employment course . There , he learned how to write a resume and cover letter as well as how to stand out in a job interview . "  This is a big accomplishment for me . " he said . "  I 've never finished anything all the way through ever in my life . I 'm going to make it . " Watch Panarella describe his transition from prison life " To Silverman , that attitude is what convinces employers to take on those who otherwise face significant barriers to finding work . "  We send in individuals job-ready , smiling , professionally dressed and ready to go to work , " Silverman said . "  We work with employers . We make repeat referrals and they make repeat hires . So we 're their partner , and that makes a big difference . " The city agrees . Last month , San Diego declared one day as "  Scott Silverman Day . " Panarella says it 's a much deserved honor . "  Little kids have Superman or Spiderman . I have Scott Silverman . " Watch Silverman explain the success of "  Second Chance " " E-mail to a friend	Scott Silverman was on the verge of jumping from a 44th-floor window 23 years ago Saved by a colleague and rehab , Silverman has dedicated his life to helping others His Second Chance program has helped thousands find work and a new life His targets : People in shelters , the homeless , inmates leaving prison
CNN  -- When it comes to buildings , they do n't come much different than a mosque and a nightclub . In Istanbul , these two structures have more in common than you might think . Zeynep Fadillioglu is the designer behind both , her elegant creations blending sleek modernism with traditional ornamentation . Crafting the inside of a building is hard enough , without also having to meet religious requirements , and Fadillioglu consulted Islamic authorities throughout the construction of the spectacular Sakirin Mosque -- co-created by architect HÃ 1/4 srev Tayla -- and opened in 2009 . It is believed to be the first time a woman has designed a mosque . The 59-year-old has also designed two other mosques , both opened in Doha , Qatar , in 2010 . But regardless of religion , every place of worship has one thing in common , says the mother-of-one from Istanbul . "  Serenity . " "  I think when you step inside a mosque , like any other religious building , you leave everything to do with the outside world , outside the door , " says the head of an interior design and architecture firm which has delivered over 350 projects across the globe . When not creating grand places of worship , Fadillioglu -- who has degrees in both computer science and art history -- turns her hand to everything from London restaurants , to New York retail stores , and most recently her own line of furniture . Divine design But when it comes to religious architecture , how do you design the inside of a building worthy of the divine ? "  Beneath the big dome you feel humility , " said Fadillioglu of the Sakirin Mosque , commissioned by a wealthy Turkish family and built in one of Istanbul 's oldest cemeteries . "  At the same time , the beautiful chandeliers are much lower than normal , allowing people to feel more secure having this low light above their heads . " Rather than walls , huge windows covered in intricate metalwork allow light to stream in , "  caressing you much like the pages of the Koran , " explained Fadillioglu . "  It might be a color , it might be a texture , it might be a form . But each and every piece I have designed in the mosque has some kind of connection with tradition . " Women worshipers When the time came for Fadillioglu to craft the inside of Sakirin Mosque , she purposely placed the women 's section in one of the most beautiful parts of the light-flooded dome . "  I positioned them on the upper balcony , because during prayer the women must be behind the men , " she explained . "  But I also decided to make the balcony level one of the most beautiful areas , with the chandelier crystal droplets just in front , and where you can see the mihrab -LSB- an alcove pointing towards Mecca -RSB- from the best angle . " East meets West Growing up in Istanbul , a city which straddles both the continents of Europe and Asia , Fadillioglu was influenced by a rich mixture of modern and traditional buildings . And while she always admired the craftsmanship of the metropolis 's Ottoman era mosques , Fadillioglu had also become fed up with cramped and dark "  bad copies . " "  I wanted to be very contemporary with my design , " she said . "  Up until recently , modern architects did n't design mosques -- it was always religious architects . "  A mosque is n't for a certain type of person , or certain type of area . It 's supposed to be used by anyone and everyone . That could be foreign Muslims , or even Christian visitors coming to look at the building . " Fadillioglu might have made a name for herself designing mosques . But you need n't be religious to admire their beauty . Art and culture : The enduring allure of Frida Kahlo Entertainment : Start Trek actress turned NASA recruiter Science : The woman planning for a space catastrophe	Zeynep Fadillioglu , widely regarded as ` first ' woman to design a mosque Elegant buildings blend modern style with ornate flourishes Has overseen 350 projects across world , including clubs Says symbolism is an important part of religious architecture
CNN  -- A Mercedes more than a half-century old and driven by one of Formula One 's most famous racers , Juan Manuel Fangio , became the most expensive car ever sold at an auction , according to the auctioneer . The 1954 Mercedes-Benz W196R fetched $ 29.65 million Friday at the auction in southern England , said Bonhams , with the identity of the buyer not disclosed . That figure beat the previous record -- a 1957 Ferrari was purchased in 2011 -- by about $ 13 million , added Bonhams . "  I have handled some of the world 's most desirable and important motor cars during a motoring auction career spanning five decades , but I have reached a peak with this legendary grand prix car , " Robert Brooks , the Bonhams chairman , said . "  It was a personal privilege to preside over the sale of this vehicle , which is not only one of the most significant motor cars of the 20th century but also the most important historic grand prix racing car ever offered for sale , " he added . Argentina 's Fangio used the car en route to winning the second of his five world titles . Soon after it was placed in a museum . Fangio won a record 45 percent of the grand prix he entered and started nearly 60 percent of his races from pole position -- reigning Formula One king Sebastian Vettel does n't come close to matching that . He won the championship with four different teams -- the only man to achieve the feat -- and is also the oldest Formula One champion , claiming the title in 1957 at the age of 46 . "  If he were here today Fangio would shake his head and smile his slow smile , " Doug Nye , a racing historian , told Bonhams ' website . "  He was a humble man , originally a mechanic from a potato town in Argentina and never forgot his roots . "  As a driver he was simply a genius . "	A 1954 Mercedes used by Juan Manuel Fangio sells for almost $ 30 million in England The auctioneer claims it 's the most expensive car ever sold at an auction Bonhams says the previous record was about $ 16 million , paid in 2011 for a Ferrari
CNN  Milan has Moxy , while much of Europe is painted Blu . Jaz in the City is playing in Amsterdam come September . EVEN increases the odds of a good night 's sleep , while Tune is in harmony with scaled-down budgets . And then there 's the vibrant Vib and a new venue , Venu , soon arriving in Dubai . These statements begin to make sense once you realize that they 're all the names of modern hotel brands . According to Chekitan S. Dev , a professor at the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration , hotels traditionally have been named after an owner or a place . But more recently , he says , "  the naming process has evolved from an off-the-cuff process into something far more systematic . " So what 's behind this influx of idiosyncratic hotel names , replete with misspellings and unexpected word usages ? Look to millennials and psychographics -- the study of personality , attitudes , interests and lifestyles . Psychologists say the millennial psychographic is made up of independent-minded , adventurous individuals in search of new experiences . Hospitality brands are crafting their marketing strategies accordingly . "  Hotel companies are lazering in on consumer needs by using psychographic data in a big way , " says Matthew Von Ertfelda , Marriott 's vice president for insight , strategy and innovation . The explosion of social media also has a starring role in the name game . Brands of the 21st century need to have handles that resonate in the global , online world , say the pros . "  Thanks to social media , millennials are the first global generation , " says Dr. Donna Quadri-Felitti , academic chair of New York University 's School of Professional Studies Tisch Center for Hospitality and Tourism . "  And since this generation is so enamored with texting and tweeting , hotels really have to think how names will play in the new media world . " For social media purposes , the number of characters in a name counts . Spelling is often sacrificed in the quest for brevity . But another reason for purposeful misspellings may be legal . Spelling is often set into an uncommon form to retain meaning while being trademarkable . "  The odder the name , the less likely someone has already captured it , " says Cornell professor Dev . "  That 's important in terms of intellectual property protection . " It may explain why Venu and Vib are missing an "  e. " Venu is a just-announced lifestyle brand , launching its first property in Dubai in 2017 . According to parent company Jumeirah Hotels & Resorts , it 's designed to give travelers "  the freedom to write their own story , their own narrative , to build their own scene . " Best Western 's new hotel entry , called Vib , is pronounced "  vibe . " "  We tried to come up with names that celebrated individuality , while also connoting a vibrant spirit , " says Dick Lew , a partner at Houston-based Acumen Design , a branding firm brought in to hone the name and the image . Hence Vib , which is derived from "  vibrant . " Color also plays a big part in hotel branding . "  We incorporated a bright persimmon red in the design and the logo , in order to reflect the  Vib  brand 's bold personality , " says Lew . Moxy , the new Marriott partnership with IKEA , is going after "  a sassy , determined , individualistic consumer , " according to Marriott 's Von Ertfelda . The first Moxy opened at Milan 's Malpensa Airport in September and more are coming in Europe this year . "  Naming Moxy was a four-month process involving a great deal of brainstorming , " says Von Ertfelda . "  Once we came up with it , we knew we had a name with emotional resonance that hit a global sweet spot . "  At the same time , though , our lawyers noted the name had to be ` ownable and trademarkable . ' " The change of spelling from moxie to Moxy achieved that . According to Von Ertfelda , senior creative director Maria Rezende-Heiston selected hot pink for the Moxy logo to "  appeal to those who are n't afraid to express themselves " while using a "  curved font to convey a sense of rhythm , fluidity and independence . " Color is also key to hotel operator Carlson Rezidor , which is hueing  sic  toward Red and Blu . Blu came about in 2009 , after airline SAS withdrew from a partnership with Radisson . After the split , Radisson SAS , a collection of European design hotels , needed a new name . "  We wanted to replace SAS with an equally short name , " says Rose Anderson , vice president of branding for the Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group . "  We liked using blue from the old SAS logo , because it brought in the heritage of the former brand . "  At the same time , we were looking for a word with positive worldwide connotations ... and blue is the world 's favorite color . " So blue or bleu became Blu , a trademarkable spelling . Carlson Rezidor recently announced a new Red brand that will , according to Anderson , "  build on the Blu concept and further leverage Radisson 's brand awareness . " New brands are also being dubbed with what may seem to be random nouns . But there 's nothing random about them . Last year , InterContinental Hotels Group  IHG  rolled out EVEN , a new brand cultivated for the growing wellness-minded audience , with two properties in the United States . EVEN expresses the desire for the balance travelers are seeking , says an IHG spokesperson . In its logo , specific colors were chosen to represent elements of nature . The four vertical bars of the logo are off-kilter , while the EVEN letters are composed on a flat horizontal line , representing the brand promise of helping guests stay in balance . Malaysia-based Tune Hotels provides "  five-star beds at a one-star price . " The group has more than 40 properties worldwide , including five in London . Some in its management group were previously senior executives in the music business . It makes sense , then , that a travel company with a musical name would attempt to strike a global chord . Adding to the medley of avant garde brands , Germany 's Steigenberger Hotel Group 's Amsterdam hotel Jaz in the City will open in September , with others scheduled to follow . According to Steigenberger Hotel Group , coming Jaz in the City properties will be "  hip and happening hotels " that "  move to the rhythm of today 's curious global traveler " who has a "  desire to embrace authentic experiences in a city hotel . " You ca n't explore the hospitality industry 's desire to appeal to the millennial mindset without nodding to W Hotels by Starwood . The brand now seems to have been ahead of its time with hotels that opened in pre-social media 1998 . "  Starwood was the first hotel company to look directly at the customer as it evolved a new brand , " says Paul James , global brand leader of W Hotels Worldwide , St. Regis and The Luxury Collection . W 's target customer was a fashionable , high-energy individual -- someone who 'd now likely be described as having a millennial psychographic . Starwood defined the brand by adding its "  Whatever , Whenever " tagline to the simple W logo . Cornell 's Dev says Starwood further imbued the brand with meaning by using words like witty , warm and welcoming in its advertising and marketing material . More than 15 years later , the W Hotel brand has more than 70 properties open or in development worldwide . Journalist Laura Powell started covering the travel industry for CNN in the 1980s . Her focus is on international travel news and trends . Read more of her work at www.dailysuitcase.com . Twitter : @dailysuitcase .	From Blu to Vib , the latest crop of hotel names features misspellings and unexpected word usage It 's part of the hospitality industry 's aim to target millennial psychographic and trademark their names W Hotels by Starwood was among the pioneers of this strategy , opening its first hotel in 1998
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- A high-level American delegation may be headed to Okinawa soon to smooth strained relations with Japan after allegations a U.S. Marine raped a Japanese teenager . Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda on Tuesday deplored the incident as "  unforgivable . " Okinawa authorities are bracing for protests if Staff Sgt. Tyrone Luther Hadnott , 38 , is charged in the alleged Sunday night attack on a 14-year-old girl . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said , "  It 's a horrendous crime , and we take these allegations very seriously . We are working very closely with Japanese officials on the matter . " McCormack suggested an American delegation soon might meet with the family of the alleged victim or local officials , he said . "  I would expect there would be some senior-level U.S. visitors , not from the U.S. but from inside Japan , who might make a trip down there to Okinawa , " he said . He would n't give any details other than to say such a visit might include the U.S. ambassador to Japan , Thomas Schieffer , and a top U.S. military officer . The episode echoes a similar incident more than a decade ago that strained relations between the United States and Japan . Watch as the new case strikes a raw nerve in Okinawa " In 1995 , anti-U.S. sentiments boiled over when three American servicemen gang-raped a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl . Two years ago , a U.S. civilian military employee was jailed for nine years for raping two women . "  There have been incidents like this in the past , and it is a problem that it has occurred again , " Fukuda told a parliamentary panel Tuesday . "  We take this very seriously . " Also Tuesday , the deputy police chief of Okinawa City released more details of the case , saying Hadnott offered to take the girl home on his motorcycle . The schoolgirl , he said , was walking with her friends and accepted Hadnott 's offer . According to police , Hadnott took the girl to a house and later to his car . They drove to a park where he allegedly attacked her , police said . The girl used her cell phone to call friends , who notified police . Hadnott reportedly told authorities he only tried to push the girl down and kiss her . The girl disputed his claims , and police said they intend to file rape charges . Under Japanese law , a person can be held up to 10 days without charges . The assault was reported Sunday night in the Chatan entertainment district on Okinawa , a major hub for U.S. forces in the Pacific . Hadnott is based at Camp Courtney there . More than 40,000 U.S. troops are stationed in Japan , most of them in Okinawa . They were placed there under a security alliance after Japan was defeated in World War II and forced to renounce its right to a military . The servicemen 's presence has at times bred resentment among local residents who have long complained about crime , noise and accidents . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kyung Lah and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. may send high-level officials to Okinawa Japan 's prime minister calls alleged assault on girl "  unforgivable " Authorities have not charged Marine with crime
Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy 's remarks about whether "  the Negro " fared better under slavery represents the latest in a series of incendiary racial comments from a new crop of folk heroes embraced in some conservative circles . "  They abort their young children , they put their young men in jail , because they never learned how to pick cotton , " Bundy said to reporters , according to The New York Times . "  And I 've often wondered , are they better off as slaves , picking cotton and having a family life and doing things , or are they better off under government subsidy ? They did n't get no more freedom . They got less freedom , " he was quoted as saying . Bundy , 67 , a rancher whose much-publicized land dispute with the federal government endeared him to conservatives , defended his comments as idle thoughts . "  In my mind I 'm wondering , are they better off being slaves , in that sense , or better off being slaves to the United States government , in the sense of the subsidies ? I 'm wondering . That 's what . And the statement was right . I am wondering , " he said Thursday on "  The Peter Schiff Show . " Bundy stood by those comments in interviews with CNN on Thursday and Friday . That defense included a tense exchange Friday morning with "  New Day " anchor Chris Cuomo . "  Maybe I sinned ... and maybe I do n't know what I actually said . ... If I say Negro or black or slave ... if those people can not take those kind of words and not be  offended  , then Martin Luther King has n't got his job done yet . ... We need to get over this prejudice stuff , " Bundy said . "  I do n't think I 'm wrong , " he also told CNN 's Bill Weir on Thursday night . "  I think I 'm right . " But politicians such as Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a potential 2016 presidential GOP contender , Republican Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada and other conservatives scrambled to distance themselves from the controversy . "  His remarks on race are offensive and I wholeheartedly disagree with him , " Paul said in a statement . Heller "  completely disagrees with Mr. Bundy 's appalling and racist statements , and condemns them in the most strenuous way , " according to his spokesman , Chandler Smith . The Republican National Committee said Bundy 's comments were "  completely beyond the pale . Both highly offensive and 100 % wrong on race . " But experts on race and politics say the comments , much like those of rocker Ted Nugent , who created a firestorm when he called President Barack Obama a "  subhuman mongrel , " also speak to complicated and deeply fraught cultural tensions running beneath the surface in some segments of America . "  We are looking at some of the ` last white men standing , ' " Mark Anthony Neal , an African-American studies professor at Duke University , said of demographic shifts that show minorities now represent more than half of the nation 's population born in 2010 and 2011 , according to the most recent census data . "  His comments represent that , and people rally around him because of this idea that white men are under siege . They are calling out the political establishment to stand by them , " he said . Over the next several generations , political experts say minority voters will become more of a power base in the Deep South , the Southwest and in California . During the 2012 presidential election , Republicans faced huge losses among minorities and women , prompting the GOP to re-examine outreach to those groups . But Bundy 's comments -- much like those of Nugent and "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson , who shared during an interview with GQ last year pastoral recollections of blacks "  singing and happy " as he and his family worked alongside them in Louisiana cotton fields -- speak to a certain politically active fringe element , political experts say . Among those who support views of limited government , there is often a "  higher than average endorsement of views that could be seen as racial resentment , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  What this reflects is that there are groups of people who have not been accepted by politically correct circles and have never learned to frame their comments in a palatable fashion . They take pride in that , " Gillespie said . "  The articulation of their views is somewhat fringe , but the underlying attitude is not . They are a minority viewpoint , but they are a large minority . " And that 's put politicians who have previously embraced men such as Bundy , Nugent and Robertson as cause célèbres in an awkward position . For instance , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , his state 's Republican nominee for governor , took heat from some quarters when Nugent appeared at a campaign event for him this year . Abbott 's campaign said it did not endorse Nugent 's comments . Other Republicans viewed as potential presidential candidates , including Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and the state 's governor , Rick Perry , also distanced themselves from Nugent 's remarks . Paul said an apology was in order , which Nugent eventually offered for using the term . Conservative radio host Sean Hannity said on his show that he worries Democrats will now use Bundy 's "  repugnant " and "  despicable " comments to paint everyone on the far right as racists . The Democratic National Committee pounced on Bundy 's remarks . "  If you ever want to be taken seriously for your outreach efforts , you might want to start by not defending racists , " DNC spokesman Mo Elleithee said in a statement . Opinion : Conservative hero is racist rancher ? Did n't see that one coming	Politicians back away from Cliven Bundy 's comments on blacks , welfare and slaves Bundy , Ted Nugent and Phil Robertson have all echoed similarly insensitive sentiments Experts on race and politics say such comments speak to an active fringe element in America Politicians must tread carefully , experts say , in embracing such cause célèbres
CNN -- The Williams team has called on Formula One bosses to review the safety-car rules after Sunday 's controversial European Grand Prix in Spain . Nine drivers were given post-race penalties for speeding while the safety car was on duty following a horrific crash involving Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who was lucky to escape the incident unhurt . After seeing Williams driver Rubens Barrichello incur a five-second penalty after finishing fourth in Valencia , the team 's technical director Sam Michael said the sport needs to reassess the rules . "  In this regard the -LSB- safety car -RSB- regulations probably need a review , rather than clarifying , " he told Formula One 's official website . "  From a personal perspective , I was in favor of the old system when you could duck and dive into the pits under the safety car in order to win advantage , but I also appreciate that the current rules are there to promote safety . " Ferrari President Luca di Montezemolo told the team 's official website that he hopes motorsport 's ruling body , the FIA , takes "  necessary decisions " in a race he described as "  unacceptable . " Lewis Hamilton of McLaren was also penalized in Spain for illegally overtaking the safety car to retain second position before pitting . Championship leader Hamilton was later able to take a delayed drive-through penalty without losing his second place , allowing him to earn 18 valuable points . Vettel cruises to victory in Valencia Fernando Alonso , who finished eighth in Valencia , said the controversial incident involving Hamilton gave Ferrari a disadvantage over one of his team 's closest rivals . "  It was unfair -- we respected the rules and did n't overtake under the yellow flag , " Alonso told reporters . "  They gave the penalty but a bit too late -- 20 laps to investigate one piece of overtaking . " This is not the first controversial incident this season regarding the safety-car rules . Confusion surrounded the Canadian Grand Prix after Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher passed Alonso during the end of lap 78 while the safety car was still on the track . Latest F1 championship standings Despite the seven-time world champion pleading his innocence , the FIA stewards deemed the move illegal , handing him a post-race 20-second drive-through penalty which saw the German fall from sixth place to 12th . Last week the FIA attempted to clarify the incident by saying that no driver is allowed to overtake the safety car when it is deployed at the beginning of , or during , the final lap . However , the incidents at the European Grand Prix have now cast further doubt on the way the sport is governed . Montezemolo said the race was in danger of damaging the sport 's credibility . "  Ferrari , which showed itself to be competitive in the European Grand Prix , paid a price that was too high for respecting the rules , " he told Ferrari 's official website . "  Meanwhile , those who did n't follow the rules were penalized by the race officials in a way that was less severe than the damage suffered by those who did respect them . " "  That is a very serious and unacceptable event that creates dangerous precedents , throwing a shadow over the credibility of Formula One . "	Williams ' Sam Michael calls for the FIA to reassess the current safety-car rules Ten drivers were penalized for not following the current safety-car rules at the European GP Ferrari said last weekend 's race in Valencia has thrown the sport 's credibility into doubt Schumacher had already been penalized for overtaking whilst the safety car was on duty
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- Guinea 's Supreme Court has ruled Alpha Conde the winner of a November 7 presidential runoff election , the court 's president announced Friday in the country 's capital city . The ruling wraps up a two-year transition to civilian rule after a military junta took power in December 2008 . Provisional results that had been released by the west African country 's electoral commission on November 15 put Conde ahead of his rival , Cellou Dalein Diallo , with 52.5 percent of the vote . The Supreme Court took two weeks deliberating fraud charges from both sides before upholding the provisional results of what has been viewed as Guinea 's most democratic and transparent election in its 52-year history . "  Mister Alpha Conde , having obtained 52.52 percent of ballots cast , is elected President of the Republic of Guinea , " Mamadou Sylla , president of the Supreme Court announced to reporters at the Supreme Court office in Conakry shortly after midnight . Upon announcement , representatives from Conde 's party rejoiced and cheered their victory but expressed their desire to repair the damages of a polarizing campaign marred by violence and intimidation . "  We ask all Guineans to lend a hand so that together ... we can participate in the moral , physical , institutional and political reconstruction of our country , " Kiridi Bangoura , Conde 's campaign director told reporters . Diallo , who had previously rejected the results -- alleging the election was riddled with fraud that prevented his victory -- took on a more conciliatory tone after the verdict . "  Since the Supreme Court decision allows for no appeals , we can only accept the verdict given by the highest judiciary institution of the republic , " Diallo told reporters at his home on Friday . The provisional results were met by riots and violence around the country . The prime minister subsequently declared a national state of emergency to deal with the violence . Analysts are worried about the potential of violence in Guinea spreading to neighboring Sierra Leone , Liberia and Ivory Coast , all of which are recovering from civil wars . Fighting broke out in the eastern Sierra Leone town of Kenema between Peul and Malinke after the Guinea election results were announced . "  Sierra Leone and Guinea are only divided by what you call colonial boundaries between us . Most of the major ethnic tribes here you find in Sierra Leone also , " Adikalie Foday Sumah , ambassador of Sierra Leone to Guinea told CNN recently , adding that ethnic tensions can easily spread across porous borders . The court decision on the election -- which was deemed "  credible and transparent " by European Union representatives -- surprised few in Guinea 's sprawling seaside capital . The new president -- a 72-year old former lecturer at Sorbonne University in Paris -- will face immense challenges ranging from creating employment to reforming the notoriously corrupt and abusive army in a country sharply divided along ethnic lines .	The decision ends a contentious post-election period that was marked with violence ' The Supreme Court in Guinea takes two weeks to make its decision Cellou Dalein Diallo , the challenger , concedes defeat
CNN  -- Police in North Miami , Florida , are investigating the weekend slaying of a local poet and cafe owner who was gunned down in front of his business , a police spokesman said Sunday . Will "  Da Real One " Bell was shot and killed while closing his Literary Café and Poetry Lounge , North Miami police Maj. Neal Cuevas said . Two men in dark clothing were spotted leaving the scene in a car , Cuevas said . Bell , 47 , appeared twice on HBO 's "  Russell Simmons Presents Def Poetry " in 2003 and 2004 and won several performance competitions . Miami 's alternative weekly New Times named him the city 's best poet in 2005 , writing that Bell "  spits words like high-caliber machine-gun fire , and his booming voice sets ears ablaze . " Cuevas said nothing was taken in the robbery , but would not discuss any possible motive . CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	Will "  Da Real One " Bell was a fixture on the Miami spoken-word scene He was shot and killed while closing his cafe , North Miami Police said
CNN  -- You 've probably seen it hundreds of times over this long holiday weekend : You 're driving down the highway or along a hometown street , and from the car in front of you someone heaves a pile of garbage out the window . Maybe it 's the driver of the car , balling up fast-food wrappers and paper bags and tossing them high into the air as his car speeds merrily along . Or maybe it 's someone on the passenger side , opening the window and lofting a soft-drink can or glass bottle somewhere in the direction of the side of the road , barely missing your hood . It 's like an aerial barrage , everywhere around you , all the trash being thrown from all the cars onto all the roadways . ... What ? You say you did n't see anything like that ? You say you did n't observe a single person throw a single load of garbage from a car window ? Right . Chances are , the scenario described above seems like a bad dream , something you did n't witness and would not want to . And therein lies a tale . There was a time in the United States when those piggish actions -- using highways and local roads as garbage dumps , reflexively throwing trash from car windows without considering there was anything wrong -- was quite commonplace . People did it because -- well , they did it because so many other people were doing it . Why did things change ? Lost in all the recent coverage of the 50th anniversary of the death of President John F. Kennedy , and its ramifications for U.S. history , was a sidelight that , in retrospect , had a fairly remarkable effect on the way we live . When Lyndon B. Johnson and his wife , Lady Bird , moved into the White House at the end of 1963 , they faced an almost impossible task . The nation was in mourning for the glamorous young president ; suddenly Kennedy and his elegant wife , Jacqueline , were no longer living at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , and it was going to be tough for anyone to measure up . Johnson , a rough-hewn type from Texas , struck the country as the antithesis of Kennedy in terms of style and personal smoothness , and Lady Bird knew that neither she , nor anyone else , could replace Jackie Kennedy in the nation 's affections . But what Lady Bird Johnson -- born Claudia Alta Taylor in rural eastern Texas in 1912 -- managed to do during her years as first lady has had admirable consequences that are felt even today . And one of those consequences was the garbage you did n't see being thrown out of car windows this holiday weekend , and the piles of trash you do n't see building up by the sides of roads and highways every day of the year . Mrs. Johnson decided that she would use her position as the president 's wife to push hard for improvements in what she thought was an area ignored in the public consciousness : highway beautification . Not that she especially liked that word "  beautification . " She thought that it made her projects seem a little trivial . Yet she firmly believed , as she once said , that "  Ugliness is so grim . A little beauty , something that is lovely , I think , can help create harmony , which will lessen tensions . " Much of her efforts centered on planting wildflowers along highways , and limiting roadside junkyards and garish billboards . She persuaded her husband to advocate legislative policies on behalf of her projects , and if there was one thing Lyndon Johnson knew how to do , it was get his way with legislation . The Highway Beautification Act , passed in 1965 , was sometimes referred to as "  Lady Bird 's bill . " A lasting benefit of her endeavors was Americans ' realization that casually littering roadsides with garbage and refuse from cars was just not acceptable . The Highway Beautification Act did not outlaw littering on a federal level , but the impulse behind the legislation led to nationwide discussions about how to combat litter . "  Beauty belongs to all the people , " President Johnson said at the signing ceremony , "  and so long as I am president , what has been divinely given to nature will not be taken recklessly away by man . " There had been "  do n't - be-a-litterbug " initiatives before Lady Bird Johnson moved into the White House , but having her as the voice of highway beautification , and having her regularly proclaim her support for the anti-littering efforts , made people pay attention . More than one child of the era , riding in a parent 's station wagon , was -- in whimsical tones but with serious intent -- admonished , when he or she tossed wrappers out the window : "  Lady Bird would n't like that . " And more than one parent heard the same thing from his or her child , when the parent was the garbage-tossing offender . What is impressive is how dramatically habits have changed . Certainly there still is highway litter ; adopt-a-highway and sponsor-a-highway programs have become well known ways to combat it , as have hefty fines . Ours is not exactly a polite , filled-with-constant-consideration-for-others society . Yet the kind of highway slobbishness that once was an unavoidable part of daily life -- the what 's - the-big-deal hurling of trash from moving cars -- today carries a stigma that previously was lacking . Seeing a person throwing garbage from car windows now is kind of like seeing a person pulling out a cigarette on an airplane . It just comes across as immediately wrong . Lady Bird Johnson died in 2007 . Although you do n't hear her name much these days , she really did make a difference in the way her fellow Americans live . And she did it by opening people 's eyes to what they should have been seeing all along . Now , if some future first lady -- or first husband -- would only devote herself or himself to the issue of people texting and talking on phones as they drive . ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : There was a time when drivers threw garbage out the window without a thought That rarely happens now . Thank Lady Bird Johnson , who made highway beautification a cause He says LBJ pushed Highway Beautification Act ; helped make people more aware of littering Greene : Lady Bird is unsung , but she helped stop behaviors that we would n't tolerate today
Tokyo  CNN  -- The Japanese government is in the final stages of negotiations to bring a hotly disputed set of small islands in the East China Sea under public ownership , Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said Friday , stressing his country 's claims of sovereignty . The islands are at the heart of a bitter diplomatic argument between Japan and China that has resulted in occasionally violent acts of public protest . The uninhabited islands , known in Japan as Senkaku and in China as Diaoyu , are privately owned by a Japanese family . A public initiative begun in April by the outspoken governor of Tokyo , Shintaro Ishihara , to raise money to acquire the islands for the city authorities has set off a new cycle of tensions between Japan and China over which country has sovereignty over them . China talks tough in Japan island dispute Reports in the Japanese news media this week suggested the Japanese authorities had agreed a 2.05-billion-yen  $ 26.1-million  deal to buy the islands from the private owners . In an interview with CNN on Friday , Noda declined to discuss the size of the sum likely to be paid for the islands , which are also claimed by Taiwan , because of the sensitivity of the matter . But he said the talks were in their "  final stages , " and he remained unequivocal about which country the islands belong to . "  The Senkaku Islands are an inherent part of Japanese territory , historically as well as under international law , so there 's no territorial claim issue between the two countries , " he said . "  Right now , it is the ownership issue -- whether the individual owns these islands , or the Tokyo metropolitan government or the state . And I think we have to clearly and solidly explain these stances to the Chinese side . " His comments are unlikely to please Beijing , which issued the latest of its angry statements on the matter on Wednesday . "  I want to emphasize again that any unilateral actions taken by the Japanese regarding the Diaoyu Islands are illegal and invalid , " said Hong Lei , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . "  We are closely monitoring the developments and will take necessary measures to defend our territorial sovereignty , " Hong said . Why Asia is arguing over its islands Noda said Friday that the purpose of the government 's planned acquisition "  is to maintain those islands in a peaceful and stable manner . " The Chinese Foreign Ministry did n't immediately respond Friday to a request for comment on the matter . The islands , located between Taiwan and Okinawa , sit among popular fishing waters and are also believed to be rich in oil resources . Animosity between China and Japan over the islands runs deep . They have come to represent what many Chinese people see as unfinished business : redressing the impact of the Japanese occupation of large swathes of eastern China during the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says they saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . In the interview Friday , Noda also addressed recent difficulties Japan 's relationship with another of its neighbors : South Korea . Tokyo dispatches team to survey islands at center of tensions He insisted on Japanese sovereignty over a small group of islands in the Sea of Japan that South Korea calls Dokdo and that Japan claims as Takeshima . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak visited the islands last month , prompting Japan to recall its ambassador to Seoul and warn that it will take the issue to the International Court of Justice -- a proposal rejected by Seoul . Noda said he hoped Seoul "  will deal with this issue based on the principles of law and justice , but if they will not jointly refer this matter to the ICJ , we will have to make preparations to do it unilaterally . " Japan has long claimed the islets as its territory , but Seoul said all Korean territory was returned after the country won independence from colonial rule by Japan in 1945 . Lee also said in remarks to teachers last month that Japanese Emperor Akihito should make a "  sincere apology " for the suffering Korean people endured under Japanese colonial rule , suggesting it was necessary before the emperor could visit South Korea . "  First of all , we never requested a visit by our emperor to South Korea , " Noda said . He added that Tokyo was requesting "  a withdrawal of that statement as well as an apology . " He said he was "  surprised " that the relationship with Lee had changed so dramatically in such a short space of time . "  It is quite regrettable , " he said , before adding that a healthy relationship between the two countries is important for peace and stability in the region , especially with regard to issues like North Korea . Territorial tensions rumble on as Clinton visits Beijing CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Dayu Zhang and Shao Tian contributed reporting from Beijing .	NEW : Noda says recent tensions with South Korea are "  regrettable " China vowed this week to defend its "  territorial integrity " The islands are privately owned by a Japanese family The Japanese premier says the government is close to a deal to buy them
CNN  -- A multistate kidnapping targeting a North Carolina prosecutor turns out to be a complicated web of mistaken identity and intrigue , court documents show . Nine people stand accused of participating in a conspiracy to kidnap a Wake County assistant district attorney who had prosecuted Kelvin Melton in 2012 . But one of the suspects bungled an Internet search and came up with an address for her father , 63-year-old Frank Janssen , who was kidnapped earlier this month and abused before being rescued from an Atlanta apartment five days later . The plot seemingly begins and ends with Melton , according to a federal indictment handed down from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of North Carolina on Tuesday . After a jury convicted Melton of assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill , he was sentenced to life in prison without parole at Polk Correctional Institution in Butner , North Carolina . It was there , federal documents say , that Melton obtained a cell phone and contacted Patricia Kramer and Tianna Maynard , accused of orchestrating the scheme . Melton instructed Maynard and Kramer to "  assemble a team to travel to North Carolina and kidnap the  assistant district attorney  , " the indictment says . "  Maynard used the Internet to research what she thought was the address of the ADA , " federal documents say . "  Unbeknownst to Maynard , she had actually found the address of the ADA 's father . " Melton oversaw the four-member kidnapping team with a heavy hand , documents say , even instructing each person on their specific role during the abduction and advising them to wear khakis and collared shirts . On April 5 , the team left Georgia and arrived at Janssen 's home in Wake Forest . One kidnapper stayed with the car . Two more , armed with a handgun and stun gun , lay in wait , while the fourth knocked on the door with a clipboard in hand , according to the indictment . When Janssen opened the door , the assailants "  forced their way into the house and abducted him , " the indictment reads . Janssen was shocked with the stun gun , pistol-whipped , then restrained and forced into the car for the drive back to Georgia . The ride was not pleasant . "  The ADA 's father was forced to remain lying on the backseat floorboard and a blanket was put over his body , " the indictment says . Kidnapping suspects Quantavious Thompson and Jakym Tibbs "  also restrained the victim with handcuffs , pistol whipped him , and used the stun gun on him dozens of times . " Janssen would remain held against his will at an apartment complex in Atlanta , taped to a chair inside a closet , for the next several days , the indictment says . On April 7 , Melton dictated text messages to one of his accomplices to send to Janssen 's wife , according to court documents . "  We will send him back to you in 6 boxes , and every chance we get we will take someone in you -LSB- sic -RSB- family to italy -LSB- sic -RSB- and torture them and kill them , we will do a drive by and gun down anybody in you -LSB- sic -RSB- family and we will throw grenades in you -LSB- sic -RSB- window , " read one text , according to the indictment . The messages ordered that "  various demands benefiting Melton must be satisfied , " the document said , and warned that harm would come to more family members and the prosecutor herself if "  cooperation was not forthcoming . " A photo of Janssen , tied to a chair in a closet , was sent to Janssen 's wife two days later , along with another text : "  Tomorrow we call you again an -LSB- sic -RSB- if you can not tell me where my things are at tomorrow i will start torchering -LSB- sic -RSB- . " The kidnappers did not know the authorities were by then aware that Melton was allegedly masterminding the abduction from his jail cell and that the FBI was already watching two homes in Georgia where members of the plot were staying . That evening , Melton received a chilling text message , court documents show : "  we got car , spot , and shovel . " After Melton allegedly exchanged texts with his co-conspirators ordering them to kill Janssen , bury him and cover up the crime , authorities moved in , the documents say . Just before midnight , the FBI rescued Janssen , and by the next morning , most members of the kidnapping plot were in custody . On Wednesday , Kramer , the only member of the conspiracy who was n't in custody when the indictment was filed Tuesday , surrendered to the FBI in Atlanta and had a first appearance in court . Kramer , Melton , Thompson , Maynard , Jakym Tibbs , Clifton Roberts , Jenna Martin , Michael Gooden and Jevante Price each face several counts , including a federal conspiracy kidnapping charge . None has entered a plea .	Nine people face charges in kidnapping of Frank Janssen , a prosecutor 's father Kelvin Melton allegedly masterminded plot from jail , as revenge for his prosecution Indictment : Botched Internet search led kidnappers to wrong house in North Carolina Janssen rescued after Melton allegedly told kidnappers to kill him , documents say
CNN  -- All hail to the king and queen -- of catfish . Greg Bernal of Florissant , Missouri , and girlfriend Janet Momphard of St. Charles , Missouri , on Tuesday hauled what is believed to be a world record catfish into their boat while fishing on the Missouri River . The monster blue catfish weighed in at 130 pounds and was 45 inches in girth and 57 inches long , Dan Zarlenga , a spokesman for the Missouri Department of Conservation , said Tuesday . "  It has n't hit me yet . ... I 'm still in shock , " Bernal said Tuesday . Bernal , 47 , said he was about to call it a day when he decided to give it one last shot . "  We threw the rod in , and about 30 minutes later , that rod took off , " he said . "  I just put the pressure on him and tried to work him up towards the surface . His head broke the water and man , that was it , I knew I had a record breaker , " Bernal said . Jim Blair , who keeps a state-certified scale at his feed store in New Melle , was notified Tuesday morning by the Missouri Department of Conservation that a couple may have caught a state record catfish and they needed to use his scale to get an official weight . "  My scale is inspected every year , it 's certified by the state , " said Blair . Before the catfish was put on the scale , Momphard said it had to at least weigh more than 120 pounds , because it weighed more than the generator Bernal kept in the back of his truck . "  Him and his girlfriend were jumping up and down because when it went over 100 pounds , they knew they had a state record , but when it went up to 130 pounds , they was really excited , " said Blair . "  He 'll be considered royalty in the fishing world . " Although several official witnesses were on site when the scale read 130 pounds , the International Game and Fish association still has to sign off on whether a world record has been broken . Tim Pruitt of Godfrey , Missouri , holds the official world record . He reeled in a 124-pound catfish in May 2005 , in the same general area of the Missouri River , according to Zarlenga . And for those of you curious about the so-called honey hole where Bernal caught this monster fish ? Sorry , he is n't talking . "  Back in 1995 , I caught the Illinois state record catfish -- a blue that weighed 79.12 pounds , " said Bernal . After that , he said , everybody knew who he was and started tracking his every move . "  I had to cut the running lights on my boat one time because I had boats following me . " Zarlenga says Bernal 's keeping quiet about the exact location is understandable , but he expects to see more people fishing the general area along the Missouri River for their dream catch . Bernal is keeping the catfish , for the time being , in a friend 's deep freezer . "  I 'd like to see if one of the stores is interested in making a replication of it , like Bass Pro Shops or Cabela 's , " said Bernal . Meanwhile , he 's catching up on sleep and hopes to celebrate soon with a couple of cold beers . "  I 've been fishing for the monster my whole life ... by chance , he came by to my hook and I actually got him . I was just lucky , but I 'm not going to argue with it , that 's a world record , " Bernal said .	The 130-pound blue catfish beats the world record by 6 pounds , an official says "  It has n't hit me yet , I 'm still in shock , " fisherman Greg Bernal says Only some paperwork stands in the way of an official world record "  He 'll be considered royalty in the fishing world , " store manager says
CNN  -- William Ward Warren was 15 when his dad dropped him off at Dallas Love Field to see President John F. Kennedy arrive in the city , on the same day JFK was assassinated . Students in Dallas , Texas , had November 22 , 1963 , off from school in recognition of the visit . Warren decided to take along his 8mm camera . The result was "  the best home movie known to exist of the Kennedy arrival , " according to Gary Mack , curator of the The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza . The color film offers new glimpses of the president and Mrs. Kennedy , wearing a pink Chanel suit , coming down the steps from Air Force One and greeting well-wishers . The Kennedys can then be seen from the side as they walk past the camera smiling . Vice President Lyndon Johnson is seen close up as he greets people standing on the tarmac . "  I was very excited , " says Warren , now 61 . "  It had rained the night before and cleared off that next day , which was an interesting event , and it was a very positive day . It was cool and yet the sun was shining bright , and there was lots of excitement . " Warren donated the 8mm color home movie to the museum , Mack said in a news release . According to the news release , the only color images of President Kennedy in Dallas were made by amateurs , except for a brief film by a White House photographer . The museum is on the sixth and seventh floors of what was known in 1963 as the Texas School Book Depository . The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy from that location .	Boy , 15 , took color 8mm film of Kennedy 's arrival at airport in Dallas , Texas President and Mrs. Kennedy can be seen walking through crowd on November 22 , 1963 Film was donated to Sixth Floor Museum in Dallas by filmmaker , now 61
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo kept the MotoGP title race alive with victory at the Indianapolis Grand Prix on Sunday as world champion Valentino Rossi crashed out . Valentino Rossi ploughed into the grass alongside the Indianapolis circuit when he crashed out . Rossi saw his lead halved to 25 points with five races remaining as the Italian failed to finish for the first time since 2007 . He went down on lap nine of 28 when battling for the lead with Yamaha teammate Lorenzo , and was able to remount -- but then had to retire two laps later due to his damaged motorcycle . Lorenzo had started the American race from second on the grid , ahead of Rossi but behind his fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa . Pedrosa , who won at Laguna Seca in California earlier this year and is fourth overall , suffered a crash on just the fourth lap while still leading . He picked up his Repsol Honda machine and rejoined the race in last place , but could only finish 10th . Lorenzo cruised to victory more than nine seconds clear of Alex de Angelis , who earned his first podium finish after starting fourth on the grid for San Carlo Honda Gresini . The 22-year-old now has 187 points , behind eight-time world champion Rossi 's 212 . "  Before this race I was telling the press that it was almost impossible , whereas now I would say it is difficult , but not impossible , " Lorenzo told the MotoGP Web site of his title chances . He was delighted after having himself failed to finish the last two races at Brno and Donington . "  Today the situation has changed completely and now it has happened to Valentino and Dani , unfortunately for them . However , for me , the situation is good , " Lorenzo said . "  It was difficult to keep my concentration for 20 laps , because it was a little bit boring . Bit you can not relax when it is like that because if you think about something else you could crash . Anyway , I had some fun on the last lap and it is a very nice feeling ! " Former world champion Nicky Hayden finished third in his best result since joining Ducati , with the American having finished second in the inaugural Indianapolis event last year before switching teams . He managed to hold off a late challenge from Andrea Dovizioso , his replacement at Repsol Honda , while American Colin Edwards came home in fifth on his Monster Yamaha Tech 3 . British rider James Toseland equaled his best finish in MotoGP when he claimed sixth for Edwards ' team after Italian Marco Melandri crashed late on .	Jorge Lorenzo keeps MotoGP title race alive with victory at Indianapolis World champion Valentino Rossi 's lead halved to 25 points with five races left Italian fails to finish for first time since 2007 after crashing on the ninth lap His teammate Lorenzo wins by more than nine seconds from Alex de Angelis
CNN  -- Germany may be America 's most important European ally , but the relationship between the two countries is on the rocks . On Thursday , Germany expelled a top CIA agent from Berlin , a highly unusual move for which the German government cited a "  lack of cooperation " from the United States in clarifying recent spying cases . Those cases include revelation that the CIA tried to recruit a German secret service staffer to sell classified information , and the possibility that a German Defense Ministry employee had been working for U.S. intelligence . German policymakers and journalists are up in arms , with U.S. diplomats struggling to contain the political damage . In a recent poll , only 35 % of Germans said the United States can be trusted . This is a stunning vote of no confidence amid continued public uproar about the NSA 's tapping of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . For those dedicated to the trans-Atlantic alliance , the current atmosphere is more depressing than during the height of the Iraq war , when Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and President George W. Bush made no secret of their antipathy . Long gone are times like when 200,000 Germans cheered for candidate Barack Obama as he spoke under Berlin 's Victory Column in summer 2008 . Gone , too , are Obama 's 75 % approval ratings among Germans . The United States has very few friends in Berlin these days . Even traditionally pro-American policy - and opinion-makers keep a low profile , and almost no one is prepared to publicly defend the United States . Many say they are fed up with America 's explanations and excuses , and it is hard to blame them . In contrast , those in Germany who argue that the country should pursue an even course between the United States and Russia , instead of partnering with the United States , are in "  I told you so " mode , saying that Americans are not worthy of a trusting relationship . Legitimate criticism of intelligence overreach is now solidifying into genuine anti-American sentiment , with deeply corrosive effects on bilateral ties . Germans are very sensitive about data protection . This is rooted in Stalinist and Nazi traditions of comprehensive surveillance and terror . But that 's only part of the story . Many in the German business community are trying to protect their investments in Russia from U.S.-led sanctions . A new generation of Germans in their 20s and 30s know the United States only in its post-9 / 11 guise : Afghanistan , Iraq , surveillance , fingerprinting at the borders , spying on friendly nations and their leaders , renditions and targeted killings . It is not uncommon to hear young Germans ask : "  What makes the U.S. different from Russia or China ? " It is easy to dismiss such distorted perceptions , but they matter . America is increasingly seen as a paranoid society that can not distinguish between friends and foes anymore . This perception is eroding America 's standing in the world . As one Berlin policymaker suggested : "  The U.S. is digging its own grave with regard to its global leadership aspirations . " In addition , there is a widespread feeling among government officials , scholars and businessmen that the United States "  still does n't get it " and is not prepared to seriously discuss the rules of engagement when it comes to surveillance of close allies . We should not underestimate the damage this perception has already inflicted . During the Iraq war , many Germans rationalized their discontent with U.S. policy by separating the likes of George Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz -- bad apples in their minds -- from what they saw as the "  good Americans . " This time , German disappointment and anger is proportionate to the high expectations of the Obama era . Many just say that the United States can not and should not be trusted anymore , and that any special relationship is gone for good . Germany has reacted this week partly from genuine anger and partly in response to public opinion . U.S. Ambassador John Emerson was summoned to the German Foreign Office just hours before the large annual Fourth of July reception at the American Embassy . It was "  nothing that we liked to do but it was necessary , " said one German official . Members of the governing coalition are openly asking to expel U.S. intelligence personnel from Germany and order the BND  Germany 's foreign intelligence agency  to cease all cooperation with U.S. services . Even German President Joachim Gauck , usually a measured man , could not resist making a populist "  enough is enough " statement . The current turmoil is reversing modest gains that have been made by the Cyber Dialogue established by the White House with the German government in the wake of the National Security Agency revelations . The first meeting took place on June 26 in Berlin , ending a day before news broke that the CIA attempted to recruit a junior BND agent . So much for dialogue . For the United States , references to ongoing internal review will not cut it this time . As annoying as public debates in Germany might be to American leaders , the United States can not afford to ignore them . The Germans require a serious conversation about national interest , the trans-Atlantic partnership , and intelligence gathering . This will be mutually beneficial , as it will force Germans to make up their mind as to what role they want to play and perhaps help the United States establish a true cost-benefit analysis of its intelligence activities .	Germany expelled a top CIA agent from Berlin in light of recent spying cases Michael Werz : Germany is an important ally for U.S. , but now relations are strained He says America is perceived as a paranoid society that ca n't tell friends from foes Werz : U.S. and Germany need to talk about the transatlantic partnership and spying
CNN  -- Freezing temperatures plagued much of the nation Thursday after a major storm moved into Canada , but another storm that will dump more snow in the Sierra Nevada was brewing , forecasters said . That storm , which is expected to start overnight , should last several days and eventually make its way eastward , like its predecessor , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . The Sierras , straddling California and Nevada , received more than 3 feet of snow in the last few days . Crews in El Dorado County , California , have been working around the clock this week to restore power to residents who have been left in the dark and cold since Sunday , according to CNN affiliate KXTV . That county , near Lake Tahoe , has received more than 30 inches of snow . Elsewhere , more than 18 inches of snow had accumulated in parts of the Midwest by Thursday , and high winds made the snow difficult to clear . Unusually low temperatures were in store for much of the nation into Friday , the National Weather Service said . "  Almost the entire Lower 48 is below normal as far as temperatures . In some cases , 20 , 30 degrees , " CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . Freezing or below-freezing temperatures were recorded from Dallas , Texas , and Memphis , Tennessee , to Minneapolis , Minnesota , and Chicago , Illinois . The temperature in Detroit , Michigan , was 16 ; in Minneapolis it was minus 5 ; and in Chicago it was 1 degree . Overnight temperatures were to dip to 17 in Denver , Colorado , and Kansas City , Missouri ; 24 in Seattle , Washington ; 31 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; 32 in Las Vegas , Nevada ; and 27 in Atlanta , Georgia . Lake-effect snow warnings and advisories were in effect for western Michigan and the state 's Upper Peninsula , areas that border Lake Michigan , according to the National Weather Service . Lake-effect snow forms when a mass of cold air moves over a body of warmer water . iReport : Share your photos , video Tens of thousands of people were left in the dark in southeast Michigan , with temperatures that plunged well below freezing , after high winds blew down power lines , according to CNN affiliate WXYZ TV . Schools and government offices were closed in many cities . In Green Bay , Wisconsin , Jeanne Knurr took advantage of having her two children -- Sierra , 12 , and Austin , 15 -- home . "  We told them we were going to put them to work , " she told CNN affiliate WLUK on Wednesday . "  We told them before they went to bed that they were going to have to help mom shovel because she 's going to be all alone . " They did n't seem to mind . "  Well , I think shoveling snow 's actually better because afterward you actually get to make forts and stuff , " Sierra said . "  Sleeping in is a lot better . " iReport : Thousands join campus snowball fight High winds made snow removal difficult . Wind gusts reached 50 mph in Omaha , Nebraska ; 58 mph in Fort Wayne , Indiana ; and 60 mph in Toledo , Ohio . In Omaha , as soon as plows cleared the snow , the wind blew more in their paths , noted former resident and CNN meteorologist Chad Myers as he watched a video clip . Several states reported storm-related deaths . In Northumberland , New York , authorities said a freight train struck a snowplow Wednesday , killing a passenger in the plow , reported CNN affiliate WTEN . In Yale , Iowa , an elderly man was discovered dead Wednesday outside his truck , said Bret Voorhees , spokesman for the state 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency . A 28-year-old woman was killed in Omaha on Tuesday night when a truck plowing snow in a parking lot backed into her , police spokesman Jacob Bettin said . She was pronounced dead at the scene . In northern Arizona , dozens of elk hunters were stranded this week by deep snow in the area 's backwoods . The Coconino County Sheriff 's Office said it has assisted or offered assistance to about 50 hunters Wednesday and Thursday , including some air evacuations . The Arizona Game and Fish Department also has been providing flyovers by helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft as rescue crews search for hunting parties and campsites , the sheriff 's office said . Brady Smith , a spokesman for the U.S. Forest Service , said hunters were warned of the possibility of getting snowed in earlier in the week . The city of Flagstaff , the county seat , received at least 30 inches of snow . The elk hunt ends Thursday . CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	Major storm moves into Canada , but another one brewing over Sierra Nevada More than 18 inches of snow have fallen in parts of the Midwest U.S. temperatures unusually low , forecasters say ; several states report storm-related deaths
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has joined Mercedes as back-up for Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg to complete the new team 's line-up for the 2010 Formula One season . The 32-year-old , who raced for BMW Sauber for the past four years and has a decade of experience in motorsport 's elite category , will take on a testing role and also be a reserve driver . "  I am very pleased to be joining the Mercedes GP Petronas Formula One team , " the German told official Web site www.mercedes-gp.com on Thursday . "  It 's the team which has attracted the most interest in the close season , not only because of the comeback of Michael Schumacher , but also because this season sees the return of the Silver Arrows cars as a Mercedes-Benz works team for the first time in over 50 years . "  While I would of course have preferred a seat as an active driver , I am really proud to be part of the new Silver Arrows team . I have seen how committed everyone at the team is and I feel the same . I will be doing my very best to support Michael and Nico this year . " Heidfeld has a long association with Mercedes , which took over the world champion Brawn team at the end of last year . He was supported by the German manufacturer as a junior driver , and then was test driver for McLaren Mercedes for the 1998 and 1999 seasons before earning his first race drive with Prost in 2000 . Since then he has competed in 167 grands prix , achieving 12 podium finishes , but was left without a team when BMW pulled out of F1 last year . He joins a team led by Ross Brawn , who led the outfit to shock double world titles in 2009 as Jenson Button won the drivers ' crown and Rubens Barrichello placed third overall to help clinch the manufacturers ' championship . Button has since moved to McLaren while veteran Brazilian Barrichello joined Williams , one of Heidfeld 's former teams .	Nick Heidfeld joins Mercedes as back-up for Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg The German will be reserve driver for the new team and also take on testing role The 32-year-old spent the past four years at BMW Sauber and has driven in 167 races He has had an association with German manufacturer since his early days as a driver
CNN  -- Less than three months after receiving a synthetic windpipe made from her own stem cells , 2-year-old Hannah Warren has passed away . Warren died Saturday at Children 's Hospital of Illinois , according to a statement from the hospital . She was the youngest patient to undergo the experimental windpipe procedure and the first patient to receive it in the United States . She would have been 3 years old in August . "  Our hearts are broken , " her family wrote on their blog . "  We will forever miss her infectious personality and miraculous strength and spirit . ... She is a pioneer in stem-cell technology and her impact will reach all corners of our beautiful Earth . " The Korean-Canadian toddler was born without a trachea -- a condition that 's fatal in 99 % of cases . She spent every day of her life leading up to the transplant surgery in intensive care , kept alive by a tube that connected her mouth to her lungs . Dr. Paolo Macchiarini , director of the Advanced Center for Translational Regenerative Medicine at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden , performed Warren 's operation on April 9 . Her new windpipe that was created using stem cells from the toddler 's bone marrow and plastic fibers shaped into a tube . Stem cells are able to develop into different types of body cells and are great at adapting to a new environment . Because of this , the body is less likely to reject organs made from these cells , especially if they come from the patient . Children make ideal patients for regenerative procedures , since they are naturally better than adults at healing and growing new tissue . In the months after surgery , Warren 's new trachea was doing well , the family wrote , but her lungs continued to deteriorate . Dr. Mark Holterman , a pediatric surgeon at the hospital , told the New York Times that the trachea operation also involved surgery on the toddler 's esophagus , which never healed properly . Macchiarini has performed six of these transplants worldwide . Four of the patients are doing well . The fifth was a cancer patient from Baltimore named Christopher Lyles ; he died four months after receiving the synthetic trachea in Sweden , according to the Baltimore Sun . Macchiarini told the Times Sunday that he plans to continue with similar operations , including one he is performing this week in Stockholm . "  Although regenerative medicine remains in the early stages for pediatric patients , progress is being made , " Children 's Hospital of Illinois said in their statement . "  Even at this time of loss and grief , we , and Hannah 's family , take comfort in the knowledge that the efforts of her physicians and the care team working with them will benefit and serve other children and adults in the years to come . " TIME 's Alexandra Sifferlin contributed to this story .	Hannah Warren received a new trachea made from her own stem cells in April Warren died Saturday at Children 's Hospital of Illinois The new trachea was doing fine , her family says , but her lungs were n't improving
Eastern Cape , South Africa  CNN  -- The journey from boyhood to manhood is a poignant time in any community . This goes double for the Xhosa men that live in South Africa 's Eastern Cape . Males between the ages of 18 and 20 undergo an initiation , whereby the don traditional robes and paint their faces in clay before they are circumcised by traditional healers . "  We have to go through an initiation process , where we have to go to the initiation school for about a month , and learn about manhood protocol and learn about our culture as well , " explains Laduma Ngxokolo , a leading knitwear designer , and himself a Xhosa man from the Eastern Cape . But for six months after initiation , as a symbol of their journey , Xhosa men swap their traditional clothing for formal wear -- typically tweed jackets , khaki trousers and checked caps -- all distinctly Western in their origins . "  For me , that 's awkward because we are practicing a traditional culture and yet wearing clothes which are Western , " Ngxokolo says . Spotting an opportunity , Ngxokolo decided to create menswear that incorporated more local designs and materials through his label MaXhosa . "  I decided to come up with something that would speak a language of the Xhosa , and actually use some of the aesthetics which is well known among Xhosa . " He uses patterns inspired by Xhosa bead work , and uses wool and mohair available in the Eastern Cape . It 's a look that has resonated , not just at home , but in the global fashion community as well . Last year , he exhibited at Labo Ethnik Fashion Week in Paris . But even as his popularity grows overseas , he remains proudly South African . "  There are a lot of products coming into the country that do n't support the economy and which do n't resemble any of the heritage and culture around us , " he explains . "  I would prefer to celebrate what I have here before going abroad and celebrating things that are out there . "	In South Africa , Xhosa boys undergo an initiation when entering manhood After a month-long process , the men swap traditional clothes for formal attire Designer Laduma Ngxokolo makes clothes that match the Xhosa aesthetic
CNN  -- Seeing more mustaches this month ? Many of them may be fighting cancer . On November 1 , global health charity Movember kicked off its signature event , a monthlong campaign encouraging participants to grow mustaches  or "  mo "  s  to raise cancer-fighting awareness and funds . Why I 'm growing the ` stache According to Adam Garone , Movember 's CEO and co-founder , there are already more than 700,000 registered participants this year , and he expects to break 1 million -- a record for the organization . That 's quite the growth for a project that started with 30 guys in Australia in 2003 . It was a social experiment back then , Garone said , with a simple goal : "  It was really just for fun . We wanted to bring back the mustache . " But people quickly caught on , and it began generating a "  surprising amount " of conversation , Garone said . The following year , four of the original 30 got together and decided to do it all over again -- for a cause . With a little research , they discovered that prostate cancer was a major health concern for men and decided it could benefit from an open , ongoing conversation . Unlike breast cancer , which has been supported by major educational and fund-raising campaigns for years , prostate cancer had n't been spotlighted in a substantial way . "  Growing a mustache is a very manly pursuit , " Garone said , so the group chose prostate cancer as its primary cause , with men using their mustaches , and faces , as billboards . That year , 450 guys participated , raising $ 43,000 . Last year , 855,203 people participated around the world , raising $ 126.3 million . The funds go directly to Movember and its partners , the Prostate Cancer Foundation and the Livestrong Foundation . The organization 's strategy is simple : Keep people talking -- about mustaches , and the larger issue of men 's health . Research last year showed that participants have , on average , 2,400 Movember-related conversations a month , Garone said . About 30 are face to face . Social media causes that message to amplify , he said . Users have taken to Facebook pages and Twitter accounts to document their individual , ongoing facial hair activism . It is n't just one person asking another , "  Why the mustache ? " The answer spreads to 100 -- or 1,000 . "  The conversations do lead to a greater understanding , " Garone said . Movember encourages both men and women  nicknamed "  Mo Sistas "  to participate throughout the month by registering through Movember.com . The website has evolved an elaborate internal slang , including terms such as "  Mo Mentor " and "  Gala PartÃ © , " which is what participants call their end-of-the-month celebrations , and it has information on everything from grooming tips to health risks . The rules are simple : Do n't start with any facial hair and end with a lot . Garone 's been asked before : Why a mustache , not a goatee or beard ? "  It is a mustache , ' " he said . "  And it 's a mustache for a reason . "	Movember encourages men to grow mustaches to raise cancer awareness The health charity includes almost 1 million participants globally Last year , Movember raised $ 126.3 million to fight cancer
CNN  -- Some tennis players say they look deep into draws . Others claim they simply look at their next opponent . But one thing everyone agrees on is that draws can make all the difference . Take Wimbledon , for example . When organizers went against the world rankings and named Novak Djokovic as the top seed instead of Rafael Nadal , who was pushed down to No. 2 , it helped the former . Nadal 's early path was filled with hard-hitting , dangerous players and the Spaniard suffered yet another upset at the All England Club , losing to Australia 's Nick Kyrgios in the fourth round . Djokovic , meanwhile , had a less bumpy road to the second week and he stepped up his game in the final to top Roger Federer . Federer , of course , was n't such an easy draw for Djokovic , especially on grass . The two took part in a five-set classic and without an injured Nadal at the U.S. Open , they 'll be expected to meet in the final again in New York in a little over two weeks , despite a recent wobble from Djokovic . As the top two seeds , they were placed on opposite sides of the draw Thursday , with Djokovic appearing to land in the more difficult half . He could face 2012 champion Andy Murray or resurgent Rogers Cup winner Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarterfinals and either Stan Wawrinka or the big-serving Milos Raonic in the last four . Wawrinka upset Djokovic on the hard courts of the Australian Open in January and stretched Djokovic to five sets at the U.S. Open last year . Djokovic , like Murray , is n't in great form , having slumped at warm-up tournaments . Federer , going for an 18th major , might meet huge servers in the second and third rounds , Sam Groth and Ivo Karlovic , and the highest seed in his quarter is the man who has been compared to the Swiss , Grigor Dimitrov . In his half lie fourth seed David Ferrer -- Federer is 16-0 against the highest-ranked Spaniard at the tournament in Nadal 's absence -- and Tomas Berdych . Although Berdych has ousted Federer in two of their last three encounters , one at the U.S. Open in 2012 , he enters the event in poor form and confronts feisty Aussie Lleyton Hewitt in the first round . In the women 's draw , Ana Ivanovic surfaced in the same quarter as Serena Williams , who is trying to reach a grand slam quarterfinal for the first time this season . Williams crashed out early in Melbourne , Paris and London , but she beat Ivanovic to win the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati last weekend . Also in her half are Wimbledon finalists Petra Kvitova and Eugenie Bouchard . Both have struggled since leaving the grass , yet in Bouchard 's case that might be due to injury . Whoever emerges from the fourth quarter will be the favorite to reach the final , and the leading contenders are Simona Halep , Maria Sharapova and Venus Williams . Sharapova trumped Halep in the French Open final and won another bruising contest in Cincinnati last week . Venus Williams is an elder stateswoman at 34 but her first-round foe , Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm , is even older at nearly 44 . The last time they met at a major , Venus Williams prevailed 8-6 in the third set at Wimbledon in 2011 .	Roger Federer plays his first-round match at the U.S. Open against Marinko Matosevic World No. 1 Novak Djokovic begins against a young Argentine , Diego Schwartzman Serena Williams starts against Taylor Townsend and is in Ana Ivanovic 's quarter Wimbledon finalists Petra Kvitova and Eugenie Bouchard could meet in the last eight
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- He 's already served the time , but lawyers Thursday argued to clear his name as onetime U.S. Army Sgt. Michael Smith appeals a conviction for the torture of detainees once held at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . Abu Ghraib prison was taken over by the Iraqi government after claims of abuse by U.S. troops . Disturbing snapshots and video portraying sexual humiliation and physical intimidation against the detainees tarnished the image of the United States as it fought to stabilize Iraq after the American overthrow of Saddam Hussein . A military panel found Smith guilty in March 2006 on allegations that he used his military working dog to illegally "  terrorize and frighten " detainees as part of interrogation techniques at the U.S.-managed facility in Baghdad . But his lawyer , U.S. Army Lt. Col. Jonathan Potter , told a military appeals court Thursday that the conviction was based on faulty instructions to the jury . "  Nowhere in this case did the government establish that the use of the dog was illegal , " the defense counsel said , noting that Smith "  was not trained in interrogation techniques . " The military 's prosecutor , U.S. Army Maj. Karen Borgerding , argued that Smith "  would know it 's unlawful " to use his unmuzzled dog to snarl within inches of a detained prisoner 's face . Smith was originally sentenced to 179 days confinement and received a bad conduct discharge . Smith was not in the courtroom for the proceedings . Potter told CNN that he was not authorized to disclose his whereabouts but confirmed that his client remains on "  appeal release " status after completing a three-month sentence . If the appeal fails , the discharge stands . If the appeals court overturns the conviction , Smith could return to the military and may receive back pay , pension and other benefits . The judges did not indicate when they may rule after each side presented oral arguments Thursday . At the 2006 court-martial , the jury found Smith guilty of charges that he used his military dog , Marco , to terrify prisoners , allegedly for amusement and in competition with other soldiers . Smith also was found guilty of an indecent act involving his dog . A female soldier testified on the first day of the court-martial that she had allowed Smith 's dog to lick peanut butter she had placed on her bare chest as part of a dare from another soldier , who videotaped the stunt . "  It was foolish , stupid and juvenile , " Smith said of the incident , reading from a statement . "  There 's nothing I can do to take it back . If I could , I would . " Smith did not specifically express regret for the wrongdoing involving detainees .	Former Sgt. Michael Smith served three months on torture conviction Lawyer says Smith did n't know it was illegal to use working dog to threaten detainees Smith could return to military if conviction is overturned
CNN  -- Facebook advocates are touting the company 's initial public offering this week -- the biggest ever for an Internet company -- as if it will save the net , the economy and the American way . Its detractors see the final chapter in the rise and fall of a smart but solipsistic Harvard dropout , and predict the inevitable decline of Facebook 's stock will spell the end to innovation in social media . Internet Bubble 2.0 . Of course , none of this is true . Such hyperbole is more about our traditional media 's need for simple stories than anything happening at Facebook or on Wall Street . These are the judgments of financial analysts who do n't even know what API stands for  application program interface  , and technology analysts who never heard of the Greenshoe option  the provision for an underwriter to oversell  . This factless speculation , combined with the risk-off jitters of the greater markets , has led to the conflation of stock value with business , and one social media company with the future of the net . If the dot.com bubble and more recent stock market crash should have taught us anything , it 's that stock prices have been uncoupled from business profitability , which has in turn been uncoupled from value creation . Facebook can still be one of the most successful and significant companies of the past 100 years without being nearly worth an IPO valuation of $ 100 billion . Meanwhile , traders buying stock at that valuation can still make billions more over the next hours or days , even if the stock then plummets or slowly peters out . Likewise , Facebook can shoot to a sustained stock market success even without showing a reasonable profit for many years . Finally , Facebook can become the biggest stock market and business loser since Lucent  who ?  without taking the Internet or social media down with it . So to start , let 's look at the IPO in isolation . Is Facebook worth the $ 96 billion reportedly implied by IPO valuation ? Not at the moment . Facebook 's profits are down since last year , its membership growth is stagnating and the online advertising market is softening . This IPO comes at a later than ideal time , as the potential trajectory for the company no longer seems infinite . Does that mean you should n't buy the stock on opening day ? Of course not . The price of Facebook shares will have nothing to do with the reality on the ground  or online  . Everyone wants in , demand is outstripping supply , and the hunger for shares could push the price very high in the short term . None of this has anything to do with social media , it 's just gambling . It 's also possible that even the craziest speculators are still undervaluing Facebook 's ultimate worth . That 's where a media theorist like me can venture an opinion -- and I 'd have to say no , they 're not . Facebook is certainly the best of the social media apps to come along , just as Google was the best search engine . Similarly , however , the social media playpen constituted by Facebook is temporary . Just as we are moving away from Web search into a world of applications running on smartphones , we will move away from our single Web-based social media platform toward more ad-hoc social apps on our handheld devices . It 's hard for us to imagine right now , but we wo n't be logging into Facebook to find out what 's going on ; we 'll work and play in an ecology of apps that tell us where people are and what they are doing . Yes , Facebook may have a role in that next-generation social media universe , but it will need what tech industry people like to call "  a second act . " Apple 's second act is the iPhone . Google is hoping for "  augmented reality " eyeglasses and network-controlled automobiles . Are you living without Facebook ? Facebook 's second act is far from clear . It wants to become the platform on which everybody else builds social media apps . But if all this activity is happening on smartphones , then Facebook is dangerously dependent on Android and iPhone for everything , a layer on top of Apple and Google 's systems . Facebook 's inability to generate income on the smartphone has led to some desperate moves , such as its billion-dollar acquisition of photo-sharing app Instagram and off-putting products like "  sponsored stories . " So far , love him or hate him , Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg has been consistent with his vision of building a more social Web : a peer-to-peer communications infrastructure that changes the way people connect , share ideas and sell things . The more comingled his mission becomes with the priorities of Wall Street , the less freedom he will have to challenge the status quo . The Facebook IPO itself , for instance , is being conducted in the most traditional fashion possible , with underwriters establishing a price and offering shares through brokerage houses . Compare this to Google , who let the public establish the share price through open bidding , mirroring the company 's revolutionary , bottom-up search algorithm , and challenging underwriters with net democracy . The most radical thing Zuckerberg has done so far is attend investor meetings in a hoodie -- as if to say , "  in your face . " Cute , but it hardly asserts innovation in the face of profiteering , or social networking in the face of the corporate capitalism . This is a week when the stock markets are particularly vulnerable to a new message . The CEO of Yahoo is resigning after a controversy over resume padding , while executives at JP Morgan Chase are falling on their swords for losing so much money , so quickly , that they may change the regulatory landscape for their entire industry . People are ready to embrace a new way of playing this tired game . By jumping headfirst into the stock market , Facebook may be joining a zero-sum shell game at just the wrong "  risk off " moment . If Facebook does succeed in the stock market this week , then it will do so at the expense of Groupon , Apple and Google , whose net-fetishizing investors will likely be selling those shares in order to buy the new ones from Facebook . Worse , by joining in the speculative economy on Wall Street 's terms , a company that might have changed business instead subjects itself to forces far beyond its control . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff	Douglas Rushkoff : Speculation over the meaning , value of Facebook IPO is overblown He says valuation of company likely too high , timing not great , but people want in anyway He says current Facebook will be overtaken by next-generation media ; it must innovate Rushkoff : By accepting Wall Street 's terms Facebook may sacrifice innovation to profit
CNN  -- A bungled break-in , Deep Throat , a defiant President Richard Nixon declaring , "  I am not a crook . " These are what often come to mind when people hear the word Watergate . But another legacy of the infamous scandal has re-emerged in this year 's presidential race . Many Americans may not remember , but public outrage over Watergate led to the enactment of a series of campaign finance reforms designed to restore the country 's faith in government . While the nation marks the 40th anniversary of the Watergate break-in later this year , some observers say our political leaders have already forgotten a key lesson of Watergate : that anonymous money corrupts political campaigns . Opinion : It took a scandal to get real campaign finance reform "  Watergate was basically a campaign finance scandal , " says Chris Dolan , a political science professor at Lebanon Valley College in Pennsylvania . Dolan and others say this historical amnesia can be seen in the U.S. Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United decision , which allows corporations and unions to give unlimited campaign donations to so-called super PACs as long as those political action committees are not coordinated with a candidate 's campaign . Super PACs can quickly pull in huge amounts of money . They have the option of disclosing their donors and donations either semiannually or quarterly in a nonelection year , and quarterly or monthly in an election year . Critics say super PACs are dangerous because they can delay disclosing details of donations until after elections take place , and they can easily work around restrictions against coordinating with a candidate 's campaign . "  Citizens United will lead to a future that will make Watergate look tame , " Dolan says . "  There will be more elections with fewer controls , more spending and great secrecy . The post-Watergate regulations are , in effect , dead . " Others say the Watergate reforms actually hurt the election process and that the damage can be seen in this year 's presidential race . The post-Watergate restrictions on campaign fundraising inspired savvy political operators to devise more backdoor ways than ever to steer big money to candidates , says political scientist David Schaefer . Campaign operators usually stay ahead of campaign reformers , says Schaefer , a professor at the College of the Holy Cross in Massachusetts . He points to the 2002 McCain-Feingold law as an example . The law set strict limits on contributions to candidates and parties . The result : the rise of "  independent " PACs that can receive up to $ 5,000 from an individual or a national party committee in a calendar year . PACs often make it easier for a candidate 's supporters to attack their opponents , Schaefer says . "  The candidates can not be held accountable or responsible for anything PACs say on their behalf , even if there are scurrilous charges that amount to pure mudslinging , " he says . A slush fund From the very beginning of Watergate , campaign contributions were intertwined with the scandal . It began on June 17 , 1972 , when a security guard called Washington police after discovering white masking tape plastered over a door in a sprawling apartment and office complex known as the Watergate . Five men in business suits were arrested for breaking into the offices of the Democratic National Committee . Investigators later discovered that one of the burglars had a $ 25,000 check from President Nixon 's Committee for the Re-election of the President  known as CRP , or CREEP  deposited in his bank account . Nixon aides had dispatched the burglars to the Democratic headquarters to gather intelligence on his political opponents . To cover up the break-in , the president would take the nation on a two-year series of events that came to be known as Watergate . Before resigning in disgrace in 1974 , Nixon would order wiretaps for reporters , misuse the Internal Revenue Service , FBI and CIA for political purposes , and prompt a showdown with the Supreme Court . At the end , 30 government officials were convicted , and a disgusted nation began to lose faith in government . Keeping illegal donations hidden was a prime concern of the Nixon White House after the arrests , says Barry Sussman , a former Washington Post editor who helped lead coverage into the scandal . Nixon did n't just cover up a burglary . His re-election campaign chiefs had asked for and received millions in illegal , secret contributions from major American companies . "  They went around with a very heavy hand , telling corporations that we 're going to win and you better get on board . You do n't want to be against us , " says Sussman , author of "  The Great Coverup : Nixon and the Scandal of Watergate . "  That 's called extortion . " So much secret money was pouring into the Nixon White House that there were reports of bags of money being delivered to Nixon 's re-election campaign , says Gerry Keim , chairman of the management department at Arizona State University 's business school . "  There was a slush fund , " Keim says . "  They were extorting money from corporate interests with the threat of using the IRS to audit them if they did n't comply . " Corporations expected something in return , and Nixon delivered . His administration intervened in an antitrust action against one corporation that had given it money and relaxed regulations for a milk company that had done the same . Congressional investigators who discovered Nixon 's shakedown of corporations decided that the campaign finance system needed to be reformed , says Cornell law professor Robert Hockett . "  There was a widespread public perception that the political process had been thoroughly corrupted , " Hockett says . "  Public policy seemed to be up for sale to the highest bidder . " Why reforms faltered Congress attempted to change that perception by passing laws that created a system of public financing for political campaigns . Disclosure laws were enacted to root out secret donors . Limits were placed on campaign donations and private expenditures .  A candidate , for example , ca n't use campaign money for noncampaign spending .  A bipartisan Federal Election Commission would monitor compliance with the reforms . Yet those reforms were challenged almost as soon as they were enacted . In 1976 , a divided Supreme Court in Buckley v. Valeo stuck down campaign expenditure limits , equating money with free speech . Two decades before the Supreme Court 's decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , the judiciary was already gutting Watergate 's electoral reforms , Hockett says . "  Thanks to Buckley and its progeny , including Citizens United , the post-Watergate electoral reforms have been all but eviscerated , " Hockett says . "  We basically have little if anything left in the way of meaningful , democracy-protecting campaign finance regulations . " Maybe that 's just as well , some political scientists say -- that the post-Watergate campaign finance reforms , and others like it , were never destined to last because the flow of money in politics can never be stopped . Big money and secrecy corrupts ? The best solution for fighting the potentially corrupting influence of big money in politics , they say , is sunlight . "  The real remedy is publicity , " says Schaefer , the Holy Cross professor . "  It should be illegal to donate to any political candidate beyond a certain figure -- let 's say $ 1,000 -- or even a political action committee without immediately disclosing it on the Internet . " Transparency , though , is n't enough when big-money donors are treated like ordinary voters , says former editor Sussman . "  That 's not ` one man , one vote , ' " he says . "  Corporations can give all they want . Some speech is overwhelming other forms of speech . That 's not democracy . " Sussman says many people have forgotten one of the most important lessons of Watergate : that big money and secrecy corrupts . The amount of secret money in this year 's presidential race will dwarf the amount Nixon extorted , he says . "  Nobody would have predicted that these enormous outlays of secret money would now become legal , " he says . But political scientist Peter Hanson says money is such a dominant force in politics that trying to prevent big-money interests from getting involved is like trying to fight nature . Attempted reforms of the campaign finance system date further back than Watergate to the Progressive-era reforms of the early 20th century , says Hanson , an assistant professor at the University of Denver . Demanding transparency in campaign donations may be the most realistic reform possible because it gives voters the information needed to hold candidates accountable , he says . "  Money in politics is like the Mississippi River flowing into the ocean , " Hanson says . "  You 're not going to stop the river . You have to direct it in the ways that will best protect public integrity . "	Americans may have forgotten a key legacy of Watergate , professors say Outrage over illegal campaign fundraising led to Watergate reforms Scholars say these reforms have been erased in this year 's election Editor of Watergate coverage : Big money and secrecy corrupts
Health.com  -- Each year billions of dollars are spent in the search to find new cancer drugs . Very few of these would-be treatments end up being approved by the government and entering widespread use , which makes it all the more intriguing that one of the most promising new cancer drugs in years is , in fact , an old drug . Metformin , a diabetes drug , was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 1995 , and since then tens of millions of Americans with diabetes have taken it daily to control their blood sugar . The first hint that metformin might also have anticancer properties came a decade later , when two research teams separately reported that diabetes patients were less likely to develop cancer , and less likely to die from the disease , if they were taking the drug . This news was n't entirely surprising : Metformin treats diabetes in part by lowering insulin levels , and several types of cancer -- such as those of the breast , colon , and prostate -- have been linked to high levels of that hormone . But then , in 2006 , researchers in Canada working with breast-cancer cells found that metformin increased the activity of an enzyme involved in tumor suppression , suggesting that the drug might fight cancer by working directly on cancer cells . Health.com : Know the warning signs of type 2 diabetes These two developments "  set off a minor firestorm of interest , " says Pamela Goodwin , M.D. , a breast cancer researcher at the University of Toronto . "  Basically there 's been a convergence of all this information , and even before it was available we could see there was a strong signal here . " Over the past several years , studies in cell cultures and animals have found that metformin appears to slow or stop the growth of a wide range of cancer cells , including those associated with breast , prostate , lung , and endometrial cancer . And the pace of research has picked up . This week , at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research  AACR  in Chicago , researchers presented preliminary results from no fewer than 20 studies on metformin , including some in humans . "  I think certainly over the last two or three years that metformin has come to the fore , and people recognize that it has an important role to play , " said Anthony Joshua , M.B.B.S. , a staff medical oncologist at Princess Margaret Hospital , in Toronto , who presented new research at the meeting . Health.com : 25 breast cancer myths busted The promising study findings are n't the only cause for enthusiasm among doctors . Metformin 's decades-long history as a diabetes drug -- it entered the U.K. market back in 1958 -- suggests that it 's generally safe . It 's also extremely cheap . The U.S. patent on metformin expired in 2002 , so the drug is now available in various generic versions that cost just pennies per pill . Extensive placebo-controlled clinical trials will be needed before metformin can be used as a standard cancer treatment . While it 's too soon to say how that research will play out , metformin 's apparent versatility and low cost seems to offer unusual potential , says Michael Pollak , M.D. , director of cancer prevention at McGill University , in Montreal . "  This is not a cancer drug development story like any other , " says Pollak , who led the 2006 study on metformin and enzymes . "  It contrasts so much with what you hear in cancer research : doctors developing new targeted therapy that costs $ 800 a month , and it works a little bit -- but only for certain kinds of patients with certain kinds of tumors . We do n't very often see -LSB- that -RSB- the generic drug that 's available at your drugstore anyways might have some use for cancer . " Health.com : Prescription drugs that lead double lives There may be a reason for that . Pharmaceutical companies that spend billions to develop patented -- and expensive -- cancer drugs have little incentive to fund or conduct studies on generics like metformin . As a result , metformin researchers have struggled to scrape together the money needed for clinical trials , which can run into the millions . Many of the ongoing metformin studies around the world are "  being done on a shoestring budget , in a sort of informal way , " Pollak says . "  I imagine that if -LSB- metformin -RSB- was a proprietary drug owned by a major pharmaceutical company , they would be developing it very aggressively , because all of the indicators point in the same direction , and that 's unusual , " Goodwin says . Governments and nonprofit organizations have begun to fill the money gap . The National Cancer Institute  NCI  , for instance , is funding dozens of clinical trials that are currently under way or recruiting patients . One of these studies , led by Goodwin , is exploring the effect of metformin on breast-cancer recurrence in 3,582 women . The other major funders for the trial are the Canadian Cancer Society and Apotex , a generic drug maker that has agreed to provide free metformin and placebo pills . Health.com : Simple things that may cut your breast cancer risk A recent shift in thinking at the National Institutes of Health  NIH  , which includes the NCI , seems to be working in metformin 's favor . In 2011 , NIH director Francis Collins , M.D. , said that "  drug rescue and repurposing " would be a major focus of the agency , with the goal of investigating new uses for already approved or abandoned drugs . A few days later , the agency 's associate director for science policy , Amy Patterson , M.D. , mentioned metformin as a prime example of this approach . Two-thirds of the NCI-funded clinical trials of metformin now under way were initiated in 2011 or later . The preliminary research in humans has been encouraging . At the AACR meeting , Joshua and his colleagues reported that cancer-cell growth seemed to slow in 22 men with prostate cancer who took metformin every day for three to four weeks before prostate cancer surgery . The study , however , did not include a placebo or control group . "  The drug has potential in early-stage prostate cancer , " Joshua says . "  My job now is to work out the characteristics of the men who had the best response to the metformin so we can design appropriate studies . " In another study , researchers from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center , in Houston , found that metformin was associated with better outcomes in diabetes patients with pancreatic cancer , an especially aggressive form of cancer . The two-year survival rate was 30 % among the 117 patients taking metformin and just 15 % among 185 patients not on the drug . So far , most metformin research has focused on cancers related to obesity and diabetes , like pancreatic cancer , says Donghui Li , a researcher at the center and the lead author of the study . But because metformin may stem cancer through several different channels -- by lowering insulin , directly slowing tumor growth , or promoting suicide by cancer cells -- it could potentially prove useful in many types of cancer . Health.com : 12 myths about insulin and type 2 diabetes That possibility is a long ways from being confirmed , however , and in the meantime researchers investigating metformin temper their optimism with caution . "  It 's not as fantastic as it sounds at first , " Pollak says . "  At first you see it and say , ` Half the cancers are gone -- let 's put it in the drinking water . ' " But the findings so far have n't shown that metformin directly reduces cancer risk or mortality in humans , Pollak adds . In studies such as Li 's that have looked at cancer outcomes in diabetes patients , for instance , doctors may be prescribing metformin -- rather than insulin or other diabetes drugs -- only to their healthier patients , who may be less likely to develop or die from cancer anyway . Moreover , even if some of metformin 's anticancer effects are confirmed in humans , there 's no guarantee the drug will become a useful treatment in real-world practice . "  When we 're dealing with patients , we have to always be aware that -LSB- metformin -RSB- possibly could not have clinical relevance , " Goodwin says . "  So we have to test it . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Metformin is now available in various generic versions that cost just pennies per pill Extensive trials will be needed before the drug can be used as a standard cancer treatment The two-year survival rate was 30 % among the 117 patients taking metformin
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The world 's richest countries committed to "  any further action that may prove necessary " to restore confidence in the global financial system , their finance ministers said as they wrapped up a two-day meeting in Rome . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is calling on governments to help restart the flow of credit . The Group of Seven finance ministers also urged countries not to close their markets to goods and services from abroad . "  An open system of global trade and investment is indispensable for global prosperity , " they said in a statement at the end of their meeting Saturday . "  Protectionist measures ... would only exacerbate the downturn " in the worldwide economy . The ministers said the global banking crisis had revealed "  fundamental weaknesses in the international financial system " and called for urgent reform . Watch workers put pressure on the ministers " New U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , making his international debut at the meetings , called on governments to focus on stabilizing and strengthening financial systems and help restart the flow of credit . "  Although the precise mix of measures must be tailored to each country 's situation -- our financial systems are different , -LSB- the -RSB- structures of our systems are very different -- there is a common recognition of more capital and government financing to help restart credit markets , " he said . Italy hosted the meeting in its role as G-7 president for 2009 . G-7 members includes the United States , Germany , Japan , France , Italy , Britain and Canada . The agenda drawn up by Rome calls for adopting global measures and economic policy reforms capable of stabilizing the world economy and ensuring transparency to allow markets to function correctly . Watch CNN correspondents on the impact of job losses around the world " Geithner spoke just after the U.S. Senate gave final approval late Friday to a $ 787 billion recovery package to boost the U.S. economy . He told attendees that the package "  provides a very powerful mix of investments and tax cuts to create jobs and to strengthen our long-term growth potential . " "  As we act together to build a strong foundation for economic growth and recovery , we need to begin the process of comprehensive reform of our financial system , so that we never again face a crisis of this severity , " Geithner said . Another attendee , International Monetary Fund Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn , said he supports such stimulus packages for advanced countries . "  The question is no more to convince the governments to move today , but for them to implement the policies they need to manage , " Strauss-Kahn said . He also warned of the dangers of protectionism , which he said may still come "  through the back door , especially in the financial sector . "	Group of Seven ministers urge countries not to close markets to goods from abroad Focus must be on stabilizing economies , U.S. treasury secretary says Officials call for urgent reform of global financial system
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Look up at any presidential event and you 're likely to see them : men dressed in black , armed to the teeth , looking back . Countersniper teams "  will be familiar with every potential threat , " according to the Secret Service . It 's no secret ; they 're with the Secret Service . On Tuesday at the inauguration , members of the U.S. Secret Service 's elite countersniper unit will be out in force , taking roof-top positions along Pennsylvania Avenue and elsewhere as the presidential motorcade glides past throngs of people for the swearing in of Barack Obama . The Secret Service does n't mind you knowing they are up there . In fact , their mere presence at the inauguration has a deterrent effect , they say . But they are mum about many other details , including how many teams will be deployed , how long they work and about their custom firearms . Watch countersniper detail up-close " Unit commander Lt. Bernard Hall jokingly calls the weapon a JAR -- "  Just Another Rifle . " Since the unit formed in 1971 , the unit has never had to fire a JAR to safeguard a person they are assigned to protect . "  When you look at that parade on the day of the inauguration , every building that we will pass by ... has been surveyed , and that is done by the Countersniper Team , " said Secret Service director Mark Sullivan . "  They will be familiar with every building ; they will be familiar with every potential threat . " But the absence of gunfire -- a welcome absence in this line of work -- does n't mean they have never identified or mitigated a threat , Sullivan says . The teams typically consist of two people , both armed with high-powered rifles , either of whom can shoot to deter an imminent threat . If one countersniper spots a threat , that person prepares to shoot while the other member takes on the role of "  wind caller , " telling the shooter how to adjust his aim to counteract the wind . The wind caller takes cues from chimney smoke , flags or undulations from the atmosphere . At a firing range outside of Washington , the team demonstrates its skills in a variety of positions . Both men peer through high-powered binoculars looking for threats . "  Watch the threat area , " an instructor shouts . Thirty seconds pass before a target pops up down range . One of the countersnipers drops his binoculars and reaches for his weapon , shouting to his colleague . "  Left side . Left side , " the wind reader responds . The shooter fires one shot . "  Center ! In the middle , " the instructor reports . While the countersnipers can scan the crowds below , their focus is on looking for places where snipers might be concealed , team members say . All countersnipers go through nine weeks of intense training . Half of those who try out for the team fail . Fewer than 200 people have been assigned to the unit in its 30-plus year history , the service says . There are fewer than 100 countersnipers in the unit , a Secret Service spokesman says . This is n't a job for someone who ca n't handle extreme temperatures . The cold can be biting ; the heat , blistering . Hall said officers have tricks for keeping mental focus in inclement weather . "  When it 's hot , we 're probably thinking about the cold days in January . When it 's cold , we 're probably thinking about August , " he said . On Tuesday , in addition to the snipers , an estimated 8,000 police officers will be on duty , along with almost 1,000 FBI personnel , Transportation Security Administration screeners and others , including 10,000 National Guard troops . The Department of Homeland Security has said that another 20,000 members of the National Guard are being held in reserve . "  I think we are ready , " said Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff . "  I do n't anticipate anything disruptive . Part of my job is to hope for the best and plan for the worst . "	Countersniper teams to be out in force across Washington for Inauguration Day "  They will be familiar with every potential threat , " director says The Secret Service formed the elite unit in 1971 Homeland security chief says agency is prepared
CNN  -- In recent weeks , Sen. Rand Paul galvanized the nation with a 13-hour filibuster , became the toast of the Conservative Political Action Conference and embraced immigration reform before the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce . It 's naive to think that a few speeches can reshape the Republican Party , but Paul may well represent a tectonic shift on the American right . The junior senator from Kentucky has a vision of the Constitution in full , advocating the Second Amendment 's right to keep and bear arms and the Fourth Amendment 's right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure . He 's for civil liberties -- to protect against police abuse or presidential drones , as well as economic liberties and the freedom to run a business without unnecessary regulation . And he wants to give the blessings of those liberties to those who come to America in search of a better life . Rand Paul has some ideas for Republicans As a libertarian and a traditional conservative , we disagree with Paul on a number of issues . Yet we both see his constitutional conservatism as auguring a future in which social tolerance , fiscal temperance and a humbler role for government are pursued not as ends in themselves but because that 's the best path . Conservatives "  conserve " society by reacting to the excesses of previous generations , but the issues that prompt the reactions vary according to the times . Even the solutions to the same problems may shift with new information and reflection . National Review founder William F. Buckley , a key figure in the modern conservative movement , famously changed his mind about civil rights , the drug war and even Iraq . Conservatives started the environmental movement with Theodore Roosevelt 's protection of national parks at a time when natural resources were plundered without regard to public health . But now , environmentalists abuse the Endangered Species Act to protect salamanders at the expense of jobs and the Clean Water Act 's wetlands protections to prevent development . Similarly , conservatives argued for larger police and military forces in response to crime and communism , but now that cost is part of our fiscal problem . Opinion : Rand Paul is right Modern conservatives need to remember these lessons as they consider the future . Their predecessors were largely successful in defeating communism , liberalizing the economy and reducing crime . But those policies were n't perfect  or cheap  : the crime-fighting of the 1980s and '90s , with an emphasis on policing and incarceration , contributed to current problems such as unfunded pensions , bloated government unions and overcrowded prisons . After the election losses in 2012 , some Republicans have advocated a need to change . In comes Rand Paul , who may well be on the leading edge of a new conservatism , which will focus on four areas : 1 . Its social policy will focus primarily on protecting freedom of conscience in an increasingly pluralistic society , while undoing the excesses of the drug war and punitive sentencing for nonviolent crime . For example , as the country moves toward acceptance of same-sex marriage , some states have restricted the ability of Catholic charities to continue functioning without violating key religious tenets . People may disagree on moral issues , but a nation where religious charities ca n't operate is a far worse place . 2 . This new conservatism will align with the ideas of governors such as Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana , who are fighting battles for domestic policy reform . At stake are the power of public-sector unions and the future of entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security . The challenge is to fix our fiscal woes while protecting the vulnerable in society , as religious conservatives understand is required by their faith . Without fiscal temperance , as well as education reform and a better regulatory environment , there will neither be the opportunity for social mobility nor resources for a social safety net , public or private . 3 . We also need to unwind our military engagements while maintaining flexibility in a rapidly changing world . Numbers do n't lie , and our debt and deficits demand a reduction in military spending . Conservatives should aim to achieve the necessary reductions in a smart fashion that maintains readiness and does n't endanger America 's interests . This will be a challenging balancing act , but it should be driven by strategic concerns rather than arbitrary benchmarks . 4 . Finally , conservatives should consider comprehensive immigration reform that would allow skilled and unskilled workers to seek their American dream while granting parole , not amnesty , to those hard-working migrants now here illegally . Paul , Rubio provide competing glimpses of a revamped GOP This recipe may not be the "  ideal " that conservative pundits would like to see , and it does n't necessarily reflect our utmost individual preferences , but it reflects the practical realities of this age . Rand Paul has n't  yet  changed conservatism , but his views will shape the movement 's future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilya Shapiro and Francisco Gonzalez .	Ilya Shapiro , Francisco Gonzalez : Rand Paul may represent a shift in conservatism Shapiro , Gonzalez : Paul has a vision of the Constitution in full , which is promising They say the new conservatism will focus on areas such as fiscal temperance , immigration Shapiro , Gonzalez : Practical realities call for Republicans to shift solutions accordingly
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday a closed Texas food processing plant tested positive for a bacteria that has been linked to the deaths of four people . The Texas Department of State Health Services on October 20 ordered SanGar Fresh Cut Produce to immediately stop processing food and recall all products shipped from its San Antonio plant since January . The move came after state laboratory results showed Listeria monocytogenes , a bacteria that can cause severe illness , in chopped celery at the plant . Four people died when they contracted listeriosis after consuming celery that had been processed at the SanGar plant , said Carrie Williams , a department spokeswoman . State health authorities came to this determination while investigating 10 cases in which people with serious underlying health problems contracted listeriosis over an 8-month period . Six of those cases -- in Bexar , Travis and Hidalgo counties -- were linked to chopped celery processed at the SanGar plant , the state health services department said . Four of those people died , as did one other person who authorities believe got listeriosis from another source not connected with SanGar products . The FDA inspected the company 's premises and said it issued a summary of its findings to the company on October 26 . It said it found the bacteria in processed celery and in multiple locations in the plant , including food contact surfaces . The listeria found in samples "  matches the DNA fingerprint of the clinical cases of listeriosis reported by the Texas Department of State Health Services , " the FDA said in a statement . SanGar had independent Quanta Lab of Selma , Texas , test the plant for listeria . Results came back negative , SanGar attorney Jason Galvan told CNN . "  The FDA and the state have not turned over to us the documentation supporting their findings , " Galvan said . "  We can not comment on these most recent findings until the documentation is provided for independent evaluation by our experts . " Still , the company in recent weeks brought in an independent listeria expert to look at protocols , said Galvan . The entire facility , including its machines , were cleaned , said Galvan . About 100 SanGar workers have been idled by the plant closing , and the company needs to reopen soon if it is to survive , Galvan said . A November 17 administrative hearing on its status is scheduled , and SanGar is working with the agencies on reopening , he said . "  We 're pretty optimistic about having the company up and running before the hearing , " the attorney said . "  We 're not going the litigation route . " In October , SanGar denied wrongdoing , saying it has had "  an excellent record of safety and health " over the past three years . State health inspectors said they believe the bacteria found in the chopped celery may have contaminated other products at the company 's plant . SanGar processes a wide variety of products -- including three varieties of lettuce , peppers , carrots , cucumbers and various cut-up fruit , as well as salad , fruit and soup mixes , according to the company 's website . They are distributed primarily in sealed packages to restaurants , hospitals , schools and other large institutions that serve food . Besides the bacteria , inspectors found a condensation leak above a food product area , dirt on a food-preparation table , and hand-washing problems at the San Antonio plant , the state health department said . The FDA said Wednesday inspectors found several other problems , including hoses making contact with food , bagged carrots being stored on a wet floor , a lack of adequate drainage areas , foods not being stored at the proper temperature and a failure to safely clean utensils and equipment . Listeria monocytogenes is a bacterium found in the soil , in water and in animals that carry it without showing signs they are sick , according to the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can get into vegetables from soil or manure that is used as fertilizer . The strain of bacteria is relatively resilient -- with an incubation period of three to 70 days , Williams said -- and some foods can be contaminated after cooking but prior to packaging . The bacteria have been tied to listeriosis , which sickens about 2,500 Americans and contributes to the death of 500 people annually , the CDC reports . The Texas health department is taking the lead in the investigation , with assistance from the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC . The state justified its closure of the SanGar plant , citing Texas law that authorizes such actions if conditions pose "  an immediate and serious threat to human life or health . "	FDA says lab results at Texas plant tested positive for listeria Four people died after eating celery processed at Sangar plant , officials say The company says it has cleaned facility , machines and imposed new protocols
CNN  -- Madness has gripped our border . I am not talking about the migrant children fleeing from crime and violence in their home countries in Central America and looking for the opportunity to live a better life . I am talking about the misguided protestersâ $ " and the right-wing public officials that egg them on , railing against anything they think even might be an immigrant . Here is an example : On Tuesday a group of protesters in Oracle , Arizona , whipped up by a local sheriff known for his extremist views on immigration , mistakenly blocked a bus full of YMCA children . They thought the kids were unaccompanied minors from Central America being bussed to a local facility where they would be cared for . In the same incident , Adam Kwasman , an opportunistic local Republican congressional candidate , who was slightly behind the curve , jumped in to claim that when he went to confront the bus , he saw fear in the faces of the "  migrant " children because of the lack of rule of law and enforcement . When a reporter clued him in about the YMCA , an awkward back-pedal ensued . It would be comical if it were not so serious . America 's crisis on the border needs solutions , but they must live up to our American values and reflect who we are as a country . And they must be bipartisan . Republicans need to get hold of themselves , understand facts and keep their anti-immigrant extremist voices in check . If they do n't do it for the country 's future , they should at least do it for their own political survival . Republicans can not afford to further alienate the county 's largest minority . If the GOP does not reverse its lack of Latino support , it can say good-bye to its chances of getting to the Casa Blanca . So , how about dropping the political posturing and perhaps redeeming the party in the face of a crisis that could not be more personal to Latinos ? This may be too much to ask . Take Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . His solution is a hard-line approach , demanding that any legislation dealing with the border crisis include an end to the President 's Deferred Action for Child Arrival . DACA allows children brought here by parents , through no fault of their own , to remain in the only country they know and to contribute without fear of deportation . Cruz 's fix would deport Dreamers ' who have not yet applied or been granted deferral . Even some Republicans acknowledge that deporting children who have been here their whole lives , sometimes becoming valedictorians and serving in the U.S. military  or expressing a desire to do so  makes no sense and is no solution to the crisis . But Cruz is walking in lockstep with nativist-and-proud Iowa Rep. Steve King . One of the few immigration bills that passed this Congress was sponsored by King and called for the deportation of all of these so-called Dreamer kids . Not unusual for a congressman who can not talk about immigrants without talking about criminals . Such dehumanization of immigrants as "  the other " is too common on the right .  One GOP elected official , a Kansas state legislator , once went so far as to "  joke " that shooting undocumented immigrants from helicopters might be a good way to keep them in check . Come on , GOP , callous grandstanding only proves to the American people you are interested in politicking , not governing . To do that , you will have to acknowledge facts . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said this past Sunday that President Obama 's request for emergency funding did not include enough money for border security . He also suggested the National Guard be called in to stand at the Rio Grande to act as a "  deterrent " for the unaccompanied minors and women crossing the border . He and other Republicans claimâ $ " ludicrously -- that President Obama needs to secure the border and that they ca n't trust him to enforce immigration laws Why is this ludicrous ? The fact is this president has been a stronger enforcer of our deportation laws than any other president before him , even to the chagrin of some of his allies , who have dubbed him the Deporter-in-Chief . The fact is this president has tripled enforcement resources on the border and doubled the number of border patrol agents , which is more than any other president in recent history has done . The fact is that during the Bush administration , the undocumented population added anywhere from 3 million to 4 million people . Its growth under President Obama has been net negative . Even if 100,000 children ultimately show up at the border this year and all of them end up staying , the growth of the undocumented population under President Obama will still be less than zero compared with any other recent U.S. president . The fact is these children are not a national security threat . They are not fleeing from Border Patrol agents . They are doing exactly the opposite and turning themselves in to the first law enforcement agents they see . Calling out the National Guard , as Perry has suggested , would not deter them ; it might even give these migrants more hope , because there would be more law enforcement officials in whose arms they could collapse . The fact is , had the bipartisan Senate immigration bill passed , with its stronger border protection measures and strategies for facilitating legal flows of workers at the borders , the country could have spoken out loud and clear to potential immigrants about the United States ' immigration policy . It would have made it much harder for criminal actors to distort our country 's position and for smugglers to take advantage of parents who only want a better life for their children . But instead of working with the President and Democrats on reforming our badly broken immigration systemâ $ " a reform that majorities of Americans , including Republican voters , support -- the GOP is capitulating to the most extreme factions of their party who scream "  AMNESTY " at the top of their lungs whenever talk of immigration comes along . Then they blame President Obama for sending the wrong signals to other countries ? Now , Republicans in Congress not only refuse to take up any immigration bill this year , but are balking at the $ 3.7 billion emergency package the President has requested to address the situation at hand . They do n't get to have it both ways . They can not yell that the house in on fire and then cut off the water supply to put that fire out . Right now Republicans may prefer a pure red meat strategy on the border crisis , led by their anti-immigrant nativist wing and designed to draw the narrow base to the polls , but if they do n't find a way to work on real solutions -- and fast -- political reality will be abrupt and ugly for the GOP come 2016 and beyond .	Maria Cardona : Border protests show madness of right-wing to all things immigration She says there is dire need for solutions , but GOP blocks them , puts politics over governance She says GOP holds $ 3.7 billion in aid hostage , ludicrously claims Obama not strong on border Cardona : GOP fires up base , but it will need Latino votes , must show its desire to fix problems
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says issue of Obama 's birth certificate is being pushed by conspiracy theorists . CNN  -- The YouTube video of an out-of-control woman yelling and screaming at Republican Congressman Mike Castle 's town hall meeting in Delaware , demanding to see the birth certificate of President Barack Obama , is utterly hilarious . To watch others cheer her insanity , and then boo the congressman who says the president is an American , shows you that we have a serious problem with mental illness in this country . The nut jobs that continue to promote this story are wacky , right-wing radio and TV talk shows hosts and no-credibility bloggers . They have latched onto this story like bloodsucking leeches , and actually want us to believe this story has legs . Last week , in a suit filed by perennial presidential loser , Alan Keyes , they even tried to claim a court victory after a federal district judge in California asked to listen to the merits of their case . I 'm sure he simply wanted to see for himself how delusional they are . From the moment President Obama entered the race , he has had to endure the so-called flag-waving American patriots who think they are the arbiters of what 's right for the country . What cracks me up is that in order to justify their loony beliefs , they say , "  The president could just end this once and for all by producing the birth certificate . " Do you actually believe these wackos will stop there ? They will then accuse the president of doctoring the document and ordering up the state of Hawaii and federal officials to create the birth certificate . The next thing you know , one of those nut job right-wingers in Congress -- and yes , there are left-wing nut jobs as well -- will demand a federal investigation into the production of the birth certificate . During the presidential campaign last year , the issue of whether Barack Obama was a "  natural born citizen " legally qualified to be president was scrutinized by reporters and researchers who concluded that Obama was born in the United States . For example , in August , 2008 , factcheck.org published the following : "  FactCheck.org staffers have now seen , touched , examined and photographed the original birth certificate . We conclude that it meets all of the requirements from the State Department for proving U.S. citizenship . Claims that the document lacks a raised seal or a signature are false . " President Obama is right to ignore these losers . They are right up there with Holocaust deniers like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and the people who insist that the landing on the moon was done in a television studio . Conspiracy theorists are everywhere . It 's just that today , we have to deal with the Internet and all the mess that is disseminated in the name of so-called transparency . So nut jobs , keep it coming . In such difficult times , we all need a good laugh every now and then , and you provide great comic fodder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Conspiracy theorists are focusing on Obama 's birth certificate Martin says people who still think he was not born in U.S. are like Holocaust deniers Over and over , he says , researchers , reporters find he was born in United States Martin : Obama is right to ignore the wacky claims about his birth
Like a groggy traveler after a long , cold night , the European Space Agency 's comet-chasing Rosetta spacecraft woke up , warmed up and called home Monday before setting off on the final leg of its journey . Rosetta shook off 31 months of sleep , during which it traveled into the dark reaches of the solar system , and contacted its operators Monday evening . Cheers erupted in the ESA mission control center in Darmstadt , Germany , when a signal from Rosetta arrived shortly after 7 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  . "  The spacecraft is there , it 's awake , and I think we are all overwhelmed , " mission manager Gerhard Schwehm told reporters . Now , he said , controllers will have "  two busy years ahead of them " as it approaches its target , Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko , and follows it around the sun . There was only an hour window for the signal to reach Earth , putting scientists on pins and needles . "  The spacecraft decided to make us suffer after two and half year , " Paolo Ferri , head of ESA Mission Operations told CNN . "  We came almost to the end of the window , we were very tense , " he said . The unmanned probe was launched in 2004 and is now nearly 500 million miles  800 million kilometers  from the Sun -- a distance that puts it just past the orbit of Jupiter . At that distance , the message it beamed back took 45 minutes to arrive . When the signal finally arrived there were cheers of relief . Wake up Rosetta : You have a date with a comet If all goes well , Rosetta will rendezvous with the comet in August and fly with it for two years . Scientists now have to learn how to maneuver the craft around a comet . "  It 's flying in a very unusual environment for space flight with gas and dust and not much gravity to keep your obit stable , " Ferri said . Rosetta is also supposed to send a small lander to the surface of the comet in November . The mission will give scientists unprecedented insight into the makeup and structure of these ancient residents of the solar system , ESA officials say . "  This is groundbreaking science , " Rosetta project scientist Matt Taylor told ESA television . "  We 're looking at where we came from , the evolution of our own solar system . And comets are looked upon as kind of a time capsule back to the beginning of the solar system . " Scientists believe comets , composed of rock and ice , may have brought water and maybe even the primitive building blocks of life to Earth . Rosetta carries 11 scientific instruments ; its lander has 10 more . ESA controllers ordered Rosetta to shut down most of its systems in June 2011 to save on power as it sailed through the darkest reaches of the solar system . The amount of sunlight reaching the solar-powered probe is only 4 % that on Earth , according to ESA . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more space news	ESA 's comet probe Rosetta wakes up , beams a signal back to Earth The spacecraft is nearly 500 million miles from the Sun , angling to rendezvous with a comet Scientist must now learn how to maneuver the craft around the environment of the comet Rosetta is set to meet up with the comet in August , follow it for two years
CNN  -- Tired of seeing developed nations take the lion 's share of profits from his countrymen 's coffee crop , Ugandan businessman Andrew Rugasira decided back in 2003 that it was time for a new business arrangement . Uganda is Africa 's second-biggest exporter of coffee beans , currently producing around 3.4 million bags per year . Yet instead of being refined locally , the vast majority of the country 's raw beans have been traditionally exported in the consuming countries of the West for processing . But Rugasira 's vision was to create a quality Ugandan coffee company that would be able to place a finished product on the shelves of both local and international supermarkets . A trained economist , he devised a business model encouraging local coffee farmers to sell their beans to him at a fair price . His company would then roast , package and brand the final product , whilst the profits would be split 50/50 . Read this : Female boss who took on drinks giant "  The hard part was saying , ` look , I think as Africans we need to begin to look at ourselves as a solution to some of these problems of systemic poverty and underdevelopment . We have blessed soils , you guys have a commodity which is of great value , " says Rugasira , recalling his first meetings to convince the farmers in Uganda 's Kasese district . "  We can pay you a premium price ; we can also add value to your knowledge ; we can help train you ; we can set up savings and credit co-ops and we can really work together and begin to own the value chain which is historically being controlled outside the producer country . "  We needed to change that -- and through trade we could bring prosperity to our farmers and their communities . " Read this : Ugandan midwife , Nobel Peace Prize ? These words by Rugasira planted the seeds for what went on to become Good African Coffee , a Kampala-based company that has helped transform the lives of thousands of farmers in Uganda . Over the last nine years Good African Coffee says it has built a network of more than 14,000 coffee farmers , who are organized into 280 farmer groups . The company , which is the first African-owned coffee brand to be available in British supermarkets , has also helped local farmers to set up several savings and credit cooperatives . "  It 's  about empowerment and it 's also about ownership , " says Rugasira . "  It 's about owning the value chain , growing the coffee , processing it at source and it 's about exporting a finished product , " he adds . "  So we retain the value , which means we can employ people , we can pay taxes , we can prosper our farmers and their communities . And that 's the only sustainable way in which societies have prospered -- by moving from low-value agriculture into high-value manufacturing industrialization . " At the heart of all of Rugasira 's efforts is his strong belief in the transformative power of self-help . In trade , and not aid , he says , is where Africa 's future well-being lies . "  Every society and economy that 's prospered has done it through their own hard work , ingenuity , dedication and commitment , " he says . "  Not through charity , not through handouts , and I think that 's a powerful message and it 's a powerful model . It 's not new , but I think it 's one that I think resonates with consumers who are willing to interact with products like that . " Watch this : Dambisa Moyo on aid Rugasira 's philosophy is clearly defined in "  A Good African Story , " his book published earlier this year chronicling all the challenges he and his enterprise faced -- from gaining the trust of banking institutions to convincing foreign retailers about working directly with an African company . He says he decided to write the book because just a handful of African businesspeople write about their experiences . "  All of us have a story , " he says . "  We need to share that story ; that story edifies , it encourages , it inspires others in our own way and I just found African business does n't really write . " By sharing his story with the world , Rugasira wants to help create a new narrative about Africa and inspire the continent 's next generation of entrepreneurs . "  Seventy percent of our population on the continent are young people -- the same young people that we want to set up businesses , become entrepreneurs , innovators in IT , you name it , " he says . "  And the only way they 'll be encouraged and inspired is if they read about stories about other African business people . "	Ugandan businessman Andrew Rugasira is the founder of Good African Coffee The company roasts , packs and markets coffee for local and international supermarkets It splits profits 50:50 with its network of thousands of farmers Rugasira 's message is that the future of Africa lies in trade , not aid
It 's a good thing Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart does n't have an Internet connection . If he could see what happened to Zachary De Pue this week , he might turn over in his grave . A video is going viral of violin virtuoso De Pue stranded on the tarmac of Charlotte , North Carolina 's airport Monday , playing his heart out in indignation -- on a priceless violin . His fiddle is worth more than $ 250,000 . It 's the reason De Pue , the Concertmaster of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra , did n't make the plane . A flight attendant on the US Airways flight to Fayetteville , Arkansas , would n't let De Pue take the precious violin on board with him . He insisted he turn the sensitive instrument in as checked baggage . For De Pue , it was out of the question that the violin be tossed into the cargo bay . He did not mention which violin he was carrying . But according to the orchestra 's website and that of the band he was traveling with Monday , De Pue plays a violin made by master luthier Ferdinand Gagliano in 1757 , the year after Mozart was born . Time for Three De Pue and fellow violinist Nick Kendall are part of a string trio called Time for Three , along with bassist Ranaan Meyer , whom they were on their way to meet . Kendall was also carrying a valuable violin on board , but neither could convince the crew that their precious cargo would fit in the overhead bins . The pilot apologized , Kendall said , and told them the FAA mandates that musical instruments can not be carried on the plane . If federal agents discovered a violation , a fine of $ 10,000 would follow . The two got off the plane . Cap , T-shirt , jogging pants The youthful looking De Pue told HLN 's Right this Minute that he did n't feel they were being taken seriously . Standing on the tarmac in his Ninja Turtles T-shirt and jogging pants , with a baseball cap on backward , his appearance was a far cry from the cliché of an elegantly dressed Concertmaster . But De Pue is used to breaking the mold with his trio , especially musically . On their historic string instruments , they love to stroke out country music , bluegrass and jazz , or improvise their own hybrids in jam sessions . De Pue decided to appeal to the pilot 's ears , and whipped out the invaluable violin . "  Film this man , " he told Kendall , who pulled out a cell phone . "  I 'm going to play for them , and maybe that will get their attention . " The intention was clear -- online retribution . "  We 're gon na post this . This is gon na be something that everybody talks about , " Kendall said . De Pue 's agile bow and nimble fingers toned out a classical aria over the blunting roar of the jet engines , as the last of the crew boarded . Rectifying rules The music touched the right ears . US Airways put the two on a later flight with their precious instruments as carry-ons and issued a mea culpa . "  We sincerely apologize for not only their delay , but what occurred at the airport , " said Bill McGlashen , a spokesman for US Airways . He cited varying regulations as the reason the two could not carry the instruments aboard the first flight , but were allowed to take them on the second . It was n't the last run-in De Pue and Kendall would have over the priceless violins . On the next flight they took , the same thing nearly happened again , De Pue and Kendall said , when a ticket agent asked them to turn in their instruments as checked baggage . But this time , they were prepared . They had studied FAA regulations and found a 2012 adjustment in the rules , the FAA Modernization and Reform Act . It allowed them to carry their instruments on board , they said . They showed the regulations to the agent , they said . It did the trick . The customer service blues : Going viral with complaints Bob Dylan 's long-lost guitar , left on plane in 1965 , found Violin played as Titanic sank sells for $ 1.7 million	A flight attendant points to regulations saying a violin is not allowed as a carry-on Violinist Zachary De Pue is Concertmaster at a symphony orchestra He whips out the violin on the tarmac and lets loose a classical solo that turns into a viral video
CNN  -- Like misery , failure loves company . Look at the immigration debate and how both liberals and conservatives -- and elected officials in both parties -- bungle it . President Barack Obama has failed on immigration policy . But now that he appears to be poised to take executive action to fix some of what 's broken with the country 's immigration system , Republicans in Congress sound like they 're about to overreact and join him in that failure . Conservatives love to stir their flock by pushing the narrative that Obama is a staunch supporter of "  amnesty " and that the President has always been in lockstep with immigration reform advocates . That 's fiction . It 's been a rocky relationship . That 's because Obama belongs to that wing of the Democratic Party that has n't been interested in legalizing the undocumented and creating more competition in the job market for U.S. workers . Obama broke his campaign promise to make reform a top issue and eroded trust between immigrant communities and law enforcement by expanding 100-fold the program known as Secure Communities , which ropes local police into enforcing federal immigration law . He tried to fend off critics who wanted him to slow deportations by claiming that he did n't have the power to act "  as a king , " only to later flip-flop and do just that during his 2012 re-election campaign when he unveiled Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  . Obama deported a record 2 million people in five years , divided hundreds of thousands of families , failed to deal effectively with thousands of child refugees who streamed across the U.S.-Mexico border last summer and then broke another promise when he said he would take executive action on immigration before the midterm elections but blinked . Now , according to news reports that look like a trial balloon from the White House , Obama might , as early as this week , take unilateral action to offer several million illegal immigrants a temporary reprieve from deportation and perhaps even give some of them work permits . If it materializes , I 'll be proved wrong . A few months ago , I said this would never happen and now it looks like it might . Options include some common sense items : Eliminating Secure Communities ; broadening DACA by eliminating restrictions on how old applicants can be and when they had to have arrived ; restating that the enforcement priority should be to remove violent criminals and not housekeepers and students ; and expanding visa programs for immigrant spouses of U.S. citizens . But it 's the final item on the list that could really upset the apple cart : deferred action for parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents , which could result in as many as 4 million to 5 million people getting a temporary reprieve from deportation . When those undocumented college students known as DREAMers first argued for special treatment , the claim was based on the simple idea that they were brought here as children and thus did n't intentionally choose to break the law . Fair enough . But the same thing ca n't be said of their parents , who did intentionally break the law . Now what ? Is there a new argument ? Besides , if Obama offers deferred action to parents , it will validate what conservatives have always insisted about how the U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants can be used to keep their parents from being deported . That has never been the case . Parents get deported all the time , and their U.S.-citizen kids either go with them or stay on this side of the border and get put in foster care . Republicans have been wrong all along . Now , if he goes too far , Obama could prove them right . If the President follows through on the proposed course of action , both sides will need to calm down . Those on the left should hold their applause . By ending the deportation juggernaut , the President would merely be putting out a fire that he started . Besides , this is just a temporary reprieve that would require the undocumented to surrender to law enforcement officials , get fingerprinted and all the rest . And it could all be revoked by the next president . Finally , this is not what Obama promised way back when -- that he would work aggressively with Congress to pass legislation that would permanently improve the lives of millions . This is n't reform . It 's "  reform lite . " Yet at the same time , those on the right need to rein in their scorn . In the post 9/11 era , conservatives should n't need a reminder of something they 've been telling us for years : how sweeping can be the executive power of the president . As head of the executive branch , Obama naturally has the power to set priorities for the enforcement of immigration law . Republicans have no trouble deflecting criticism by reminding Latino voters that Obama is in charge of deportations . So , instead of threatening the suicidal tantrums of a government shutdown or impeachment , conservatives should pipe down and let him be in charge of deportations . That does n't just mean deciding who goes but also who stays . Besides , Republicans like to talk tough about illegal immigration and the need to uphold the "  rule of law " but that slogan would mean more coming from them if they did n't always run away from enforcing those laws that target the root of illegal immigration : U.S. employers who hire the undocumented , many of whom contribute to the re-election campaigns of Republican lawmakers . What Obama has in mind is n't some kindhearted miracle or the coming of the apocalypse . It 's just a legitimate exercise of the power that any president would have under the Constitution and our system of government . I know that is n't sexy , or inspiring , or inflammatory . It wo n't help the parties fundraise . But it does have the advantage of being true .	Ruben Navarrette says executive action on immigration would be legal , warranted Republicans err by claiming it would be an "  impeachable offense , " he says If President Obama can set rules for deportation , he can also relax them , he says Navarrette : The action would n't amount to full-fledged immigration reform
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard on Saturday released recordings of radio communications after this month 's collision between a tour boat and a barge in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Thirty-seven people were on board the smaller duck boat in the Delaware River on July 7 when the accident occurred . Two people , both from Hungary , were killed . "  Hey ferry , ferry , ferry ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! " an unidentified voice yelled early in the incident , apparently witnessing the collision . A tug boat then called in to a Coast Guard radio center . "  This is Freedom . We got people in the water on Penn 's Landing . It looks like they got run over by a barge . One of the duck boats . I am going in to pick 'em up . " "  Roger , captain . How many persons are in the water ? Over . " "  No idea . I do n't have time to talk to you right now . I am going to get the people . " The Coast Guard radio operator then advised other vessels to assist in the search for the 37 passengers . Duck boat crew members told investigators that they made radio calls to the tug boat Caribbean Sea that were not answered prior to the collision , the National Transportation Safety Board said earlier this month . The Caribbean Sea was pushing the barge that collided with the tour boat , causing it to sink in 55 feet of water , the report said . The skipper of the Caribbean Sea can be heard on the recordings , responding to a Coast Guard call . "  We are right here next to the ship Freedom . We are the ones that , I guess , capsized the duck boat . We 're on scene just making sure that no one got injured or if we can help in anyway . We do have a barge alongside , so there 's not too much we can do . " The Coast Guard radio person then asked him to throw any needed life jackets into the water . One of five crew members of the Caribbean Sea invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and declined to meet with investigators , the safety board said earlier this month . According to CNN affiliate WPVI , these recordings are just some of the many elements federal investigators are reviewing as they probe the circumstances surrounding the collision . They also continue to examine the structural damage of both vessels . The tour boat , the DUKW 34 , carried 35 passengers and two crew members when it experienced mechanical problems about five to 10 minutes before the crash , the NTSB report said . That problem led the ship 's master to anchor the tour boat . Meanwhile , the Caribbean Sea approached with the barge . Around 2:36 p.m. , the bow of the barge hit the small tour boat , causing it to sink , investigators said . People who operated several vessels in the area have told federal investigators that they heard the tour boat 's radio calls . The National Traffic Safety Board said it 's looking into those accounts .	Coast Guard releases audio communications made after barge-tour boat collision The captain of a tug boat says his vessel was responsible for capsizing the duck boat Investigators are still looking into the collision 's circumstances Two people were killed in the incident
CNN  -- Juventus came from behind to defeat Bologna 4-1 on Saturday to put pressure on Inter Milan at the top of the Serie A table . Alessandro Del Piero celebrates the first of his two goals in Juventus ' 4-1 victory over Bologna . Massimo Mutarelli put Bologna ahead in the 24th minute , but a dominant second half display from the Bianconeri gave them all three points . Hasan Salihimidzic equalised in the 49th minute before Sebastian Giovinco put the home side ahead in the 71st minute . A brace from Alessandro Del Piero in the 75th and 88th minutes sealed a win which takes Juve to within four points of leaders Inter , who face a tricky home match against Fiorentina on Sunday . In Saturday 's other match , Genoa boosted their hopes of playing in the Champions League next season thanks to a 1-0 win at 10-man Cagliari to move above Fiorentina into fourth place . Cagliari lost Andrea Cossu to a red card in the 39th minute but held out until five minutes from the end when Ruben Olivera grabbed the decisive goal . Meanwhile , veteran striker Filippo Inzaghi scored his 300th career goal to help Milan crush Siena 5-1 on Sunday to consolidate third place in the table . The 35-year-old scored twice , while Alexander Pato also netted a brace and Andrea Pirlo scored the opener from the penalty spot , as Milan proved too strong for their opponents -- for whom Massimo Maccarone was on target . Roma lost further ground in the race for the fourth Champions League place as they were held to a 2-2 draw at Sampdoria . Julio Baptista gave the visitors a seventh-minute lead but Giampaolo Pazzini headed home an equalizer before the same player put the home side ahead after a mistake from goalkeeper Doni . But Baptista levelled from the spot after Marco Padalino was penalized for fouling Max Tonetto -- the player who missed the decisive spot-kick in the midweek Champions League defeat by Arsenal .	Juventus recover from going a goal behind to defeat Bologna 4-1 on Saturday The result lifts Juventus to within four points of Inter Milan at the top of Serie A Filippo Inzaghi reaches 300 career goals to help AC Milan hammer Siena 5-1
CNN  -- A College of the Holy Cross basketball player accused her coach of being "  verbally , emotionally and physically abusive " in a lawsuit filed this week in a New York court . And on Wednesday , that coach , Bill Gibbons , announced to the team that he would "  step back " from his duties while the college reviews the allegations . Ashley Cooper , 20 , was a student athlete at Holy Cross in Worcester , Massachusetts , on a full athletic scholarship from 2011 to May . During that time , she claims Gibbons shook and struck her , according to the complaint . Gibbons ' behavior included "  violently yanking " Cooper 's shirt collar , squeezing her neck and hitting her on the back hard enough to leave a red hand-print on her skin during one basketball game in January 2012 , the complaint says . During one basketball game , Gibbons ' behavior prompted players on the opposing team to comment , "  Your coach is crazy , " according to the complaint filed Tuesday . In 2011 , a psychological professional who was brought in to discuss team chemistry revealed that the only issues the team had were related to Gibbons ' abuse , according to the complaint . After several incidents , Cooper and her teammates complained to the athletic director 's office , but their coaches retaliated for "  going over their heads , " according to the lawsuit . The complaint also alleges that school officials were aware of the abuse but did nothing to address or stop it . "  Ashley was told , ` stop complaining ' , " Elizabeth Eilender , Cooper 's attorney , told CNN Tuesday . "  Eventually we realized nothing would happen and took the next step . " Holy Cross will review the allegations in the lawsuit , a spokeswoman said . "  The physical , mental and emotional well-being of our students is our highest priority at Holy Cross , " Ellen Ryder , director of public affairs at Holy Cross , said in a statement . "  We just received the lawsuit and are in the process of reviewing it . Ms. Cooper had brought her concern to the College , and we investigated at that time . The lawsuit we received includes a series of new allegations and we will now bring in outside counsel to review them . " Holy Cross said Wednesday that Gibbons had announced to the team that he would "  step back from his coaching duties while the college reviews the claims " in the lawsuit . During that review , Gibbons will be on administrative leave with pay , the college said . Gibbons is currently in his 29th season as coach of the basketball team , and according to the school 's website , he is the most victorious coach in Holy Cross ' history . CNN 's calls to Gibbons for comment were not immediately returned . Cooper is filing this lawsuit not only for herself , but for all women athletes who are abused by their coaches , the lawsuit says . "  This has been going on forever . It just takes somebody strong enough like Ashley to stand up to this coach and this institution , " Eilender said . "  The real question is , why is this institution continuing to protect him ? " Eilender also noted that the majority of the women 's basketball team at Holy Cross holds athletic scholarships , making them "  beholden to the school . " "  Everyone is on scholarships , " Eilender said . "  They 're not going to say anything . " According to Eilender , former players have now reached out to Cooper thanking her for taking a stand against something that has been going on for years without consequence . In the lawsuit , Cooper alleges that the behavior of Gibbons ' exceeds that of former Rutgers men 's basketball coach Mike Rice . Rice was seen on a tape that surfaced in April throwing basketballs at his players , shoving them , cursing and using a homophobic slur . He was fired shortly after the tape aired on ESPN . Rice later apologized for his actions . Cooper has since transferred this fall to New York University and is not playing basketball , according to Eilender . "  To transfer in the middle of her college experience is extremely traumatic to her , but she felt she had no other choice in light of Coach Gibbons ' abuse of her , " Eilender said . Rutgers coach fired after abusive video broadcast	A former basketball player says she was physically abused by her coach Ashley Cooper , 20 , says Holy Cross coach Bill Gibbons hit her , yanked her collar Holy Cross will review the allegations ; Gibbons is on administrative leave
Parenting.com  -- In a new policy statement published in the April 2011 issue of Pediatrics , the American Academy of Pediatrics now advises parents to keep toddlers in rear-facing car seats until age 2 , or until they exceed the height or weight limit for the car seat , which can be found on the back of the seat . Previously , the AAP advised parents to keep kids rear-facing as long as possible , up to the maximum limit of the car seat , and this has not changed . But it also cited one year and 20 pounds as the minimum for flipping the seat , which many parents and pediatricians interpreted as conventional wisdom on the best time to make the switch . The new policy clarifies the AAP 's recommendation , making age 2 the new guideline -- a real game-changer for parents of toddlers . A 2007 study in the journal Injury Prevention found that children under age 2 are 75 percent less likely to die or to be severely injured in a crash if they are rear-facing . Another study found riding rear-facing to be five times safer than forward-facing . "  A rear-facing child safety seat does a better job of supporting the head , neck and spine of infants and toddlers in a crash , because it distributes the force of the collision over the entire body , " said Dennis Durbin , M.D. , F.A.A.P. , a pediatric emergency physician and co-scientific director of the Center for Injury Research and Prevention at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia and lead author of the policy statement and accompanying technical report . Recall Finder : Check if your child 's car seat has been recalled Parenting talked to Ben Hoffman , M.D. , associate professor of pediatrics at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and a child passenger safety technician , to get answers to parents ' most pressing questions about the new policy . Although the new baseline is now age 2 , the AAP has advised parents since 2002 to keep kids rear-facing until they reach the height or weight limit of their car seat . Why are parents so eager to turn their car seats ? "  Parents are interested in milestones , and the minimum of one year and 20 pounds has been interpreted as gold standard instead of the minimum , " says Hoffman . "  Parents are always looking for the next stage of development because in every other scenario , that 's a good thing . With car safety seats , however , that 's often not the case . " But is n't forward-facing easier for everyone ? Yes , it 's easier to interact with your child when she is facing forward , and less awkward to get her into the seat . But safety should be the main concern . "  I would ask parents to consider the protection of the child in addition to comfort , " says Hoffman . "  It 's minimally acceptable to change to forward-facing at a year , but parents can do better than that . " New infant and convertible car seats to keep your child safe What about squished legs ? Kids who have been only rear-faced will most likely not be bothered , since they do n't know anything else . And it 's completely fine for their feet to touch the seat back , or for their legs to bend . "  Once you make the switch , it 's hard to go back , so try not to ever switch them before they are ready , " says Hoffman . Why are so few parents aware of even the older guidelines that say kids should stay rear-facing as long as possible ? There may have been some confusion with the message , with many parents mistaking the minimum for the ideal age to make the switch . The AAP hopes that by making age 2 the new guideline , the message will be less confusing for parents and for pediatricians . If my child turns 2 before he reaches the height or weight limit for the seat , should I keep him rear-facing ? Yes . The safest decision is to keep him rear-facing until he reaches the height or weight limit for the seat . 10 Car Seat Mistakes You May Be Making If my child reaches the height or weight limit for my seat before age 2 , what should I do ? Once your child exceeds the height and weight limit of his infant car seat , purchase a convertible car seat with a higher height or weight limit  most go to 35 pounds rear-facing  and continue to use it rear-facing until age two , or until your child hits the height or weight limit for rear-facing use . At that point you can make the switch to forward-facing -- or you can purchase a convertible car seat with a higher weight limit for rear-facing  some go up to 45 pounds  . "  That 's a very personal decision for the parent , " says Hoffman , one that may also be influenced by the size of your car , the arrival of a younger sibling , or your budget . What should I do if I 've already switched my under-2 child for forward-facing ? The best advice is for parents to consider switching their child back to rear-facing . But the next best thing is to , at a minimum , make sure you correctly use the seat you have : Make sure the seat is harnessed tightly to the vehicle , that the harness is snug over the child and the chest clip is in the correct position , and that the seatbelt or LATCH system are installed correctly . Why did n't my pediatrician tell me about this ? "  Pediatricians should be talking about this , " says Hoffman . "  But given everything else that needs to happen in a well-child visit , sometimes this message gets left behind . I would love to see a day where every family-care health provider knew the best possible advice and shared it with their patients . " Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	American Academy of Pediatrics now advises to keep toddlers in rear-facing car seats until 2 Children under 2 are 75 % less likely to die or to be injured in a crash if they are rear-facing Squished legs ? Kids who have only been rear-faced will most likely not be bothered
National Harbor , Maryland  CNN  -- It would be a mistake to read too much into the speeches , breakout sessions and late-night parties that took place at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference . Thousands of right-leaning activists made the pilgrimage here this year , to a convention hall outside the nation 's capital . They were greeted , as they are every year , by a bevy of candidates , bloggers , political operatives and more than a few hucksters out to make a buck . But it 's tough to glean any sweeping insight into the state of the conservative movement just by hanging out at CPAC for a few days and talking to its most rock-ribbed and outspoken partisans . And yet : The confluence of big name Republican speakers -- many of them potential White House contenders -- makes the three-day event impossible to ignore . CPAC crowd chants , ` Run , Sarah , run ! ' Here are five big takeaways from CPAC 2014 : 1 . This is Rand 's house : Rand Paul 's blowout win in the presidential straw poll Saturday -- he won more than a third of the vote , easily besting second-place finisher Ted Cruz -- cemented his place as the King of CPAC . Rand Paul convincingly wins CPAC straw poll Paul 's address here on Friday , unapologetically heavy with libertarian sentiment , was far and away the best-received speech of the weekend . The room was packed and Paul , wearing jeans , was interrupted repeatedly by standing ovations . After his appearance , he joined his wife , Kelley , across the street from the convention center at a packed restaurant for an open bar happy hour with fired-up supporters . Does his showing mean that Paul will be the GOP nominee in 2016 ? No . But it does affirm what reporters here had been saying all week : that CPAC is now , without question , his turf . CPAC crowd treats Paul like a rock star The face of CPAC has become younger in recent years -- it feels a little like spring break for College Republicans -- and more libertarian in the process . Paul also won the straw poll in 2013 , and his father , Ron Paul , won in 2010 and 2011 . The younger Paul was aided in his win this year by Young Americans for Liberty , which boasted that it recruited almost 500 activists to come to the event and cast ballots . Almost half of the straw poll vote came from 18 - to 25-year-olds . Paul 's showing this weekend will only add to the perception that he 's a top-tier Republican presidential contender who should be taken much more seriously than his father if he runs  and no one thinks he is n't running  . The downside ? The dominant straw poll raises expectations for his performance next year , when the GOP race for the White House will be in full swing . 2 . Obama still conservative enemy No. 1 : The national political conversation is already drifting toward 2016 . But at CPAC , President Barack Obama was anything but a lame duck . Obama foreign policy target of opportunity at CPAC Speaker after speaker listed Obama 's unforgivable sins : taxes , spending , Obamacare , the IRS scandal , NSA surveillance , and on and on . Strikingly , Hillary Clinton -- the Democratic Party 's apparent nominee-in-waiting for 2016 -- went mostly unmentioned until Friday afternoon , the conference 's second day . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee criticized the former secretary of state 's handling of the 2012 attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya . Her name popped up twice more from the main stage on Saturday . Rep. Michele Bachmann said Clinton will face "  tough questions " if she runs in 2016 . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich called Clinton a "  prison guard " of the past . But Obama was far and away the chief bogeyman of CPAC . Even as pundits scrutinize Clinton 's every move in the context of the next presidential campaign , conservatives are n't yet ready to look beyond the man who still occupies the White House . Perry : Time for a little rebellion 3 . Pragmatists vs. purists : There 's always a lot of chatter at CPAC about the various wings of the Republican Party that seem at odds with one another : the free market adherents , the national security hawks , the social conservatives . The growing influence of libertarianism has scrambled how the conservative movement sees itself . But political parties in this country have always been uneasy coalitions of various interests and ideologies . Squabbling is to be expected . The biggest battle in the Republican Party is the one between its pragmatists and its purists . There were hints this year that the pragmatists were gaining ground . In the Obama era , CPAC has earned a reputation for fire-breathing rhetoric and divisive commentary , but some of this year 's biggest speeches had a softer edge . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie led the charge in calling for party unity in pursuit of winning elections . He was well received . Perry hoping for a second chance from voters Paul has called on the party to reach out to minorities and has proposed policy ideas -- including sentencing reform and economic "  freedom zones " for low-income areas -- to achieve that goal . In a session about libertarianism , one panelist said children would be better raised by gay couples than single parents . No one booed . Even Utah Sen. Mike Lee , a tea party darling , urged the conservative faithful to be more open-minded . "  We as conservatives have got to be far more engaged in finding converts than discarding heretics , " Lee said on Thursday . But the happy talk could n't paper over the fact that conservative hard-liners , including several eyeing a 2016 presidential run , do n't want conservative ideology to take a back seat to anything . And CPAC still booked a number of divisive and provocative speakers like Donald Trump and Bachmann . Former Sen. Rick Santorum inveighed against win-at-all-costs Republicans -- a comment widely seen as a jab at Christie . And Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas warned Republicans against compromise , painting former GOP presidential nominees Bob Dole , John McCain and Mitt Romney as moderate squishes who lost nationally because they veered from conservative principles . His words drew a stern rebuke from McCain -- and a rare statement from Dole telling Cruz to check his facts . 4 . Christie 's move to the right has begun : We did n't learn anything new about Christie from his Thursday speech . But it was how he presented himself that mattered -- and the Christie who showed up at CPAC was a far cry from the Christie who ran for re-election in blue-leaning New Jersey last year , winning in resounding fashion . Christie gets warm reception from gathering of the right That Christie was all about bipartisan legislative compromise , post-Sandy healing , and outreach to voters who do n't traditionally feel comfortable with the GOP . His invitation to last year 's CPAC was lost in the mail . Christie did n't mind . This year 's Christie more resembled the tea party hero of 2009 , when he first won the governorship , and 2010 , when he traveled the country in rock star fashion campaigning for GOP candidates . Christie reminded the crowd of his opposition to abortion , calling himself "  proudly pro-life . " He bashed unions and the media . He praised the Koch brothers . His speech should put to rest any doubts about his willingness to pivot to the right as he mounts a Republican presidential bid , even as he continues to be dogged by multiple controversies and investigations back home . Christie and his team took his CPAC showing seriously . His top political advisers made the trip with him -- and they presumably left happy . Christie placed fourth in the CPAC straw poll , a finish that beat expectations and made for a nice talking point as he begins the work of repairing his tarnished relationship with conservatives . 5 . What 's wrong with CPAC ? The question popped up again and again in conversations with veteran conference-goers : What 's wrong with CPAC this year ? The stakes at this year 's event felt low -- and so did the energy . There were , of course , the usual hordes of earnest , lanyard-wearing 20-somethings brimming with youthful enthusiasm . But the main ballroom at the Gaylord Convention Center in suburban Maryland was rarely full . Something felt off . CPAC ` Las Vegas ' for young conservatives Maybe it 's because the conference is at its most exciting during presidential campaign years , when GOP candidates are jostling for attention from the conservative base . Cruz 's comments draw fire from Dole , McCain Or maybe it 's because the tea party activists who arrived here in 2009 and 2010 as conquering insurgents are now just the regular cast of characters and movement hangers-on who show up every year , hawking their wares , snapping pictures with conservative celebrities , recording their podcasts and delivering a familiar litany of warmed-over attacks on Obama . Whatever the reason , there were still plenty of journalists on hand to drink it all in . Thanks to CPAC 's proximity to Washington , there always are . But the diplomatic standoff in Ukraine snuffed out the event 's usual ability to command the Beltway news cycle . And when Democrats tried to make hay of some of the wackier comments made by speakers , few reporters seemed to care . The headlines instead focused on the potential 2016 candidates who came here road-testing their messages . But aside from Paul , with his happy hour for young activists , the White House wannabes were n't doing much behind-the-scenes to court activists . "  This year is more subdued and does n't have the kind of vibrant atmosphere of past confabs -- a result of conservatives being lost in the political wilderness for six years without a unifying conservative leader , " said Dennis Lennox , a GOP activist and operative from Michigan who helped Mitt Romney line up support for the CPAC presidential straw polls in 2007 and 2008 . "  It does n't help that there is not a concerted effort by a likely presidential candidate , especially a dark horse who needs a boost in their profile among the foot soldiers who would be critical to carrying their candidacy in a primary that will be fully under way a year from now , " he added .	Confluence of big-name Republican speakers makes CPAC impossible to ignore Rand Paul 's straw poll win raises profile and expectations Even as Clinton is scrutinized as 2016 contender , Obama still CPAC 's top bogeyman
CNN  -- Seth Meyers will remain the lone talking head on the "  Saturday Night Live " Weekend Update desk , at least in the near future , according to the comedian . Seth Meyers is thankful that politicians "  did not stop being crazy " after the 2008 elections . "  It looks like for right now , we 're going to stick with doing it solo , " Meyers said Monday in New York as he was getting ready for the show 's 35th season premiere on September 26 . Meyers , SNL 's head writer , hosted the popular sketch alone after Amy Poehler left the show last season . Last week , several online sites were reporting that featured player Kristen Wiig was set to become Meyers ' partner on the show 's longest-running recurring segment . "  I 'm so heartbroken that the Internet , for the first time , was wrong about something , " Meyers joked . "  How are we ever going to trust the Internet again ? " Meyers called Wiig "  almost too valuable , " saying making her a full-time co-anchor would mean she could never play guest characters during the segment . Poehler reportedly will join Meyers for some segments of "  Weekend Update Thursday , " a 30-minute , prime-time version of the skit that debuted during the 2008 presidential election and that the network hopes will have similar success during the upcoming season . "  I owe a big thanks to politicians , " said Meyers . "  They did not stop being crazy and disingenuous after the election . So we have that going for us . " Poehler wo n't be the only cast member from last year missing on the September 26 premiere , hosted by actress Megan Fox with musical guest U2 . Fans were surprised last week about news that regulars Michaela Watkins and Casey Wilson had been sacked . Both said they were surprised that their contracts were not renewed . "  I think that the two who are leaving are going to be incredibly successful wherever they go , " Meyers said , declining to elaborate on his thoughts about the decision by creator and executive producer Lorne Michaels . In their places will be Jenny Slate and Nasim Pedrad , both veterans of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre . "  They came and auditioned and were outstanding , " Meyers said . "  We looked at them a couple of times this summer . I think they 're both great writers as well as performers . " While change can be unsettling , Meyers said turnover among the "  SNL " cast helps keep its humor fresh . "  It 's always nice to have new people , " he said . "  They 'll give new looks at things and see things in new ways . Any time you get new voices in , that tends to help . "	"  SNL " is "  doing it solo " on Weekend Update , Seth Meyers says Internet was wrong about Kristen Wiig rumor , according to Meyers SNL 's Watkins , Wilson to be replaced by Upright Citizens Brigade members 35th season premieres September 26 , with Megan Fox and U2
"  News To Me " is the world as YOU see it . Your videos , pictures and stories showcased in an original , fast-paced and interactive show on HLN . Host Eric Lanford brings you the best of citizen journalism and the stories BEHIND the Web 's most talked about videos . Redneck Mommy Eric Lanford talks to a stay-at-home mother whose blog posts are blatantly honest . Watch River runs through house An Iowa flood victim returns to his home to gather a few of his most prized belongings . Watch The sky is falling News To Me talks to a golfer who came within feet of losing his life in the course . Watch Who are these guys ? News To Me talks to a guy who is trying to track down people in a unique photo . Watch Train wreck in first-person An iReporter was on a commuter train as it barreled through a car sitting on the tracks . Watch Hello out there News To Me talks to an astronomer to get some insight on an alleged sighting in Nebraska . Watch Adventures of Superboo An 11-year-old girl embarks on a 300-mile race through the Everglades in her mom 's honor . Watch Iceberg Collapse An iReporter captures the fall of an iceberg . Watch Gone Muddin ' iReporters capture Canadians gearing up for the annual downstream River Run festival . Watch Alien Invasion I-Reporters , yet again , consider the possibility that aliens exist in Arizona . Watch Get mortified A web site that allows you to upload your most embarrassing childhood moments . Watch The mess hall A soldier 's father talks about the dilapidated condition of the barracks at Ft. Bragg . Watch Mister twister An iReporter captures the devastation left behind by tornadoes in Suffolk , Virginia . Watch Brush with fire An iReporter brings incredible footage of a fire allegedly set by a transient at a camp site . Watch One of the world 's fastest jump ropers Some of the craziest clips from the Web including video of one of the fastest jump ropers . Watch Backyard FX Eric Lanford talks to the frugal filmmakers of Indy Mogul . Watch Ski base jumping News To Me takes you on a thrill known as ski base jumping . Watch Garbage Island Eric Lanford finds out about island-sized piles of plastic floating in the Pacific Ocean . Watch All about iReport.com Eric Lanford talks with CNN.com 's Nicole Lapin about iReport.com . Watch Operation Puppy Love The fight for soldiers to deliver a puppy to the mother of one of their fallen comrades . Watch NTM 's Amtrekker News To Me talks to a guy that travels the country trying to complete tasks on his bucket list . Watch Hunting the Megladon There may be a shark out there lurking in the deep ocean waters that 's scarier than Jaws ! Watch GoGreen Man News To Me introduces you to a 10-year-old environmentalist . Watch Crane collapse footage News To Me brings you incredible iReport footage of a crane collapsing in New York City . Watch Atlanta tornado footage Incredible footage and iReports of the first tornado to ever hit downtown Atlanta . Watch One shoe diaries An artist photographs his travels around the country , one shoe at a time . Watch Balloon Project A bird 's eye view of one of the greatest cities in the world with the Balloon Project . Watch Postcard from Cuba ` News To Me ' talks to one tourist that lifts the veil on Castro 's Cuba . Watch The exploding whale The inside story of the exploding whale - of one of the web 's most legendary videos . Watch YouTube Cop Eric Lanford talks to a Tennessee cop with a 21st century twist on the ` Most Wanted ' poster . Watch Viral Politics "  News To Me " examines how voters are using the Web to shape this year 's presidential race . Watch Extreme bike racing "  News To Me " introduces you to the dangerous underground sport of ` alley cat ' racing . Watch One cold hand "  News To Me " brings to you a new kind of online matchmaking . Watch Return of the Loch Ness Monster Watch some of the hottest videos on the Web including the return of the Loch Ness Monster . Watch Italy 's garbage crisis taly faces a major trash problem and iReporters are there to document . Watch Dramatic rescues Plucked from the jaws of death -- one man in icy water and another vs. a train ! Watch No crash test dummies At the crossroads of ingenuity and insanity you 'll find the Safety Bike . Watch Web drifter A man who has made it his life 's work to come face to face with the people he sees online . Watch Pioneer woman A former city girl blogs about her life & family on the lonesome prairie . Watch Viral Videos of 2007 Eric Lanford reminisces on some of our favorite videos to go viral on "  News To Me " in 2007 . Watch Eric 's Picks The World 's Fastest Clapper , the Fastest Zip Line , and Bush Man are featured . Watch One job - one week A guy willing to do 52 jobs in 52 weeks , all in search of the perfect job ! Watch Tuxedo Travels Two men are on a quest to save the world -- while wearing tuxedos . Watch We know your secrets ! Eric Lanford talks with the creator of the Post Secret blog-spot and learns your secrets . Watch Paranormal ghost hunter Eric Lanford introduces us to Chris Halton , a real ghost hunter . Watch UFO Hoax Eric Lanford asks David Sarno if UFOs are fact or fiction . Watch Web hits News To Me rounds up the week 's hottest viral videos on the Web . Watch Where is Matt ? "  News To Me 's " Eric Lanford talks with a world traveler who dances everywhere he goes . Watch Cave rescue "  News To Me " goes inside the Texas cave that was the site of a recent daring rescue . Watch Web hits Some of the hottest videos online , including a soccer fan who formed a human LCD screen . Watch Ascending the Giants Two world-class tree climbers take us up some of the country 's tallest trees . Watch Proposal prank Eric Lanford of "  News to Me " gets the low-down on a prank war that 's raging out of control . Watch	"  News To Me " airs Saturdays and Sundays at 7:30 p.m. , 9:30 p.m. & 12:30 a.m. ET Send in your photos and videos Sign up for the newsletter
CNN  He was the so-called "  Fastest Man on No Legs , " and his inspiring story captured the imagination of the world at the London Olympics . Now , Pistorius is playing the lead role in a more tragic tale that began in the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 . The Olympic and Paralympic sprinter is facing a maximum five-year prison sentence after he was found guilty of the negligent killing of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on February 14 , 2013 . He claimed he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder and was cleared of murder . Despite a seven-month trial , much remains in question about what happened at his upmarket home in Pretoria , South Africa around 4 a.m. that Thursday morning , leaving stunned fans at a loss to explain how their hero could have fallen so far and so fast . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow in the last few weeks before his sentencing , Pistorius told her that he would respect and accept the decision of the court and that he was not afraid of imprisonment . He said he hoped to contribute while in prison by teaching people how to read or start a gym or running club . But it may prove to be the greatest challenge yet for a man who 's already overcome many difficulties . Born with a congenital abnormality , Pistorius , 27 , had both his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday , but through sheer determination carved out a career in world-class athletics . In 2012 , he became the first double amputee to compete against able-bodied runners at the London 2012 Olympics , adding to his fame as the "  Blade Runner , " a reference to his carbon fiber prosthetic legs . While he failed to win a medal , Pistorius ' presence on the track was hailed as a triumph over adversity and a victory over critics who claimed his blades gave him an unfair advantage over the able-bodied . He did take home medals from the Paralympic Games . For many , he was an example of what could be achieved through a potent mix of determination , positivity and skill . Who is Oscar Pistorius , really ? Soon after his arrest , the athlete 's image was pulled from billboards across South Africa . Sponsors suspended their deals as admirers questioned whether Pistorius ' sporting successes had perhaps obscured a more complex character off the track . Was Pistorius violent ? On the edge ? In a story titled "  The Fast Life of Oscar Pistorius " published in the New York Times , writer Michael Sokolove wrote : "  Pistorius is , as well , blessed with an uncommon temperament -- a fierce , even frenzied need to take on the world at maximum speed and with minimum caution . " After the shooting , a police spokeswoman said there had been "  previous incidents " at Pistorius ' home , including "  allegations of a domestic nature , " but did not say what they had been . Besides the five-year prison term for culpable homicide , the athlete was also given a three-year sentence , suspended for five years , on a weapons charge stemming from an incident in which he discharged a loaded firearm in a restaurant . The sprinter moved into his uncle Arnold 's house in Pretoria after the shooting . Video surfaced last June of Pistorius training , but he has not returned to the track in an official capacity . In an exclusive interview last summer , Arnold Pistorius said his nephew was heartbroken . "  What can you say if the person you love the most dies , and you were the instrument ? " he told CNN . "  How would you feel ? It 's unthinkable . " It was known that Pistorius owned guns . He was a keen shooter and despite his disability he was not afraid to take risks . During a visit to Pistorius ' house a few years ago , he showed CNN images of himself water-skiing , scuba diving and quad bike riding . "  I grew up in a family where disability was never an issue . We did n't really speak about my disability , not because it was a topic that was taboo ... it was just never an issue . And that 's the mentality that I 've had , " Pistorius told CNN in late 2012 . From a young age , Pistorius dedicated himself to being the best he could be at sport . "  I was never much of an academic at school so I had to find something which I enjoyed . I started sports and from a very young age , my mother said to us ` sports is not about being the best , but it 's about giving your best . ' Divided reaction Support from Pistorius ' family has been firm and unwavering since Steenkamp 's death . "  We have no doubt there is no substance to the allegation and that the State 's own case , including its own forensic evidence , strongly refutes any possibility of a premeditated murder or indeed any murder at all , " said Arnold Pistorius before the athlete 's conviction . Addressing reporters after the sentencing , Arnold Pistorius again criticized the state prosecution for pursuing the murder charge , saying that as a result "  the truth became totally irrelevant to the state 's attempt to to make the premeditated murder stick . " He said the 20 months since Steenkamp 's death had been harrowing for both families and Pistorius -- and had left everyone emotionally drained and exhausted . "  As an uncle , " he said , "  I hope Oscar will start his own healing process as he walks down the path of restoration . "  As a family we are ready to support and guide Oscar as he serves his sentence . " Pistorius ' agent , Peet Van Zyl , referred to the sprinter as his "  friend and a great professional athlete . " He said thousands of people had sent messages of support from all over the world in the wake of the shooting . Steenkamp 's family is skeptical about the man who killed their daughter . Her father Barry Steenkamp told the Afrikaans-language newspaper Beeld : "  It does n't matter how rich -LSB- Pistorius -RSB- is ... and how good his legal team is . He needs to live with himself if he lets his legal team lie for him . " Oscar Pistorius ' affidavit to court in full "  But if he 's telling the truth , I may forgive him one day , " he said . But " if it did n't happen as he described it , he should suffer . And he will suffer ... only he knows . " At the supermarket down the road from his house , parking attendant Andre Tsekedi told CNN last February that he saw Pistorius and Steenkamp a few days before the shooting : "  They were holding hands and looked so happy . " Another , Samuel Motau , described Pistorius as "  a very generous man . " "  He tipped us $ 10 every time . The only reason I never went to bed hungry was because of Oscar Pistorius . " Growing up As a child , Pistorius competed in water polo , cricket , tennis , triathlons and Olympic wrestling and boxing , before he smashed his knee while playing rugby at the age of 16 . He took up track running as part of his rehabilitation , and within one year he was covering 100 meters faster than the existing Paralympic world record . In 2004 , Pistorius took his first gold at the Athens Paralympics and one year later competed against able-bodied Olympics for the first time , at the South African Championships . Pistorius ' career on the track suffered a setback in 2009 when he suffered serious head injuries in a boating accident . It took him almost eight weeks to recover , a period of time the athlete has described as "  fairly difficult " as it marked the first season in four or five years in which he did n't record a personal best . Soon after the London Olympics , Pistorius led his national team onto the track as South African flag-bearer in the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games . He went on to set a new world record in the 200-meter event but later suffered a shock defeat in the final , his first competitive loss over the distance in nine years . During the very last track event of the Paralympics , Pistorius again picked himself up and smashed the 400-meter T44 Paralympic record in a time of 46.68 to take gold . It ended a summer he later described as "  a dream come true , " according to his website . Beyond the track Pistorius ' determination to succeed made him one of the world 's most recognizable athletes . He appeared on the cover of men 's magazine , GQ Style , under the headline "  Man of the Future , " and was named on People magazine 's 2012 list of "  Sexiest Man Alive . " According to his website , Pistorius is an ambassador for the Mineseeker Foundation , a non-profit organization that works to clear landmines worldwide . When asked about his thoughts on being a role model , Pistorius told CNN before the shooting : "  I think it 's a massive blessing . "  Obviously , being an international sportsman , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that . So having to remember that there are kids out there , especially , that look up to you is definitely something that you need to keep at the back of your mind . " Pistorius has more than 300,000 followers on Twitter , tens of thousands of whom added in the days since his arrest last year . His account laid dormant for a year until the anniversary of Steenkamp 's death in February , when he tweeted a link to "  a few words from my heart " on his website . The message said : "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva . The pain and sadness -- especially for Reeva 's parents , family and friends consumes me with sorrow . The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day , I will carry with me for the rest of my life . "	Oscar Pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied Olympics He described the summer of 2012 as a "  dream come true " after Paralympic gold The South African had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old
CNN  -- Claudene Christian dreamed of living a seafaring life like the historic HMS Bounty naval officer who shared her name centuries ago . She 'd secured a spot as a crew member on a replica of the Bounty and had announced it proudly on her Facebook page . But less than six months after joining the ship , her dream was cut short . As Hurricane Sandy approached the East Coast , its powerful winds swirled up waves that crippled the three-masted , 180-foot Bounty off North Carolina 's coast , forcing the 16-member crew to abandon ship . That 's when the waves swept Christian overboard , along with the Bounty 's captain and another crew member early Monday , Coast Guard Vice Adm. Robert Parker told CNN . That crew member made it to a lifeboat ; Christian 's body was found on Monday evening . Capt. Robin Waldridge remains missing . Christian , 42 , often said she was related to Fletcher Christian , the 18th-century sailor blamed for leading the infamous mutiny on the real HMS Bounty . Grueling recovery begins In May , Christian won a deckhand job on the Bounty replica , which was built for "  Mutiny on the Bounty , " a 1962 film starring Marlon Brando . The tall ship also appeared in several other movies , including Disney 's "  Pirates of the Caribbean " films . "  I was n't sure if they 'd take me because I did n't have a sailing background , " she told a Canadian newspaper in August , "  although I 've been totally interested in it all my life . " She boasted about the Bounty and her new assignment to her friends and family , describing the ship as a "  sailing museum " on her Facebook page . On Twitter , Christian announced "  I am in love with my ship ... BOUNTY " Seeing it as an opportunity to share "  our ship and our history , " she posted , "  I 'm sure my ancestor would be proud ... " The ship , she hoped , would begin more efforts toward educating schoolchildren , she told reporters . "  Claudene had a huge caring heart , " Sequoyah County , Oklahoma , Sheriff Ron Lockhart told CNN affiliate KFSM . Christian once lived in Vian , Oklahoma . "  She will be missed . " Sandy changes lives forever Christian may have been a sailing novice , but she was no stranger to adventure . A former Miss Teen Alaska , she decided to start her own business at 17 and headed to California , as she describes on her Cheerleader Doll Company website , "  fresh out of Alaska and on my own in the Big City of LA. " Once there , she attended the University of Southern California where friends tweeted that she performed as a "  USC Song Girl . " "  She was always staying busy and active at things , " her aunt , Patricia Saulsberry , told KFSM . Photos : Aftermath of Superstorm Sandy Christian 's interest in the Bounty began after she toured a replica of Christopher Columbus ' Nina on the Arkansas River last year , Saulsberry said . The Bounty tragedy began when the ship , which was sailing from Connecticut to St. Petersburg , Florida , reported Monday that it had lost power and was taking on water about 125 miles off North Carolina . Water poured in through the hull of the 50-year-old wooden ship , the Bounty 's owner , Bob Hansen , told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  They just could n't stay afloat anymore , " he said . Early Monday , the U.S. Coast Guard staged a daring helicopter rescue : They flew into the hurricane 's outer bands and plucked 14 of the surviving crew members from two lifeboats . A short distance away , the HMS Bounty sank to the bottom of the Atlantic , as Hurricane Sandy marched north . All of the crew members were wearing orange survival suits with strobe lights designed to keep them afloat , warm and easy to find . Coast Guard ships continue to search a 1,300-mile area around the site of the shipwreck for Waldridge , 63 . On Tuesday , the Coast Guard reported the water temperature was 77 degrees with 15-foot waves and 42-mph winds . Even with a survival suit , "  it 's very problematic " to stay in position in heavy winds and rough seas , Parker said . Sandy 's impact state by state The Bounty set sail Thursday , as Hurricane Sandy pummeled Cuba with an uncertain path after that . Nevertheless , people have posted pointed questions on the Bounty 's Facebook page suggesting Waldridge should n't have been sailing through such a violent storm . Hansen noted that the captain took the ship "  way out east , " trying to steer around Sandy . "  He knows the ship , he 's been captain of her for over 20 years and nobody knows her better , " Hansen said . "  I totally trusted his judgment . " Waldridge is a good-natured , mild-mannered captain who has a special bond with the Bounty , according to Susan Robertson , who has known him since 2001 . "  Other than his wife , he acts like it 's his first love , " said Robertson , who works at The Pier in St. Petersburg , where the Bounty is often docked . The ship 's crew , she said "  are like members of your own family . " "  I hope they find him , " she said . Get the latest information on the storm on CNN.com 's Just In blog	Claudene Christian died after abandoning the HMS Bounty replica The 50-year-old ship sank after taking on water during Hurricane Sandy Christian , a USC grad , had begun new life aboard movie ship She said she hoped to educate children as a crew member
CNN  -- "  Bull in the ring " is a drill almost as old as football . Several members of the team form a ring around a single player . The player in the middle begins a nervous shuffle , eyes darting , arms tense , as his teammates , one at a time , fling their bodies toward him at full force . He is the target of tackle after tackle , and if he moves too slowly the hits can be punishing . For many coaches , "  bull in the ring " is an exercise in agility and mental fortitude . Others consider it violent . Until recently , Carmen Roda , a youth football coach in Westport , Connecticut , did the drill with fifth-graders . "  Head to head , hammer to hammer , " is how Roda , president of the Westport Police Athletic League , described players crashing into one another during the drill . "  It 's really more about aggression , not technique . The old school of coaching football is that aggression . " When his team chalked up 20 concussions during the 2009 season , Roda decided that he needed to usher in "  new school " coaching , focusing more on technique and less on aggression . One of the first steps was getting rid of "  bull in the ring . " "  The game 20 years ago is not the game today , so why not teach it differently , " said Roda , who has coached football for 15 years . "  Coaches , especially at the youth level , have to be open to that because we 're talking about kids . " Roda 's revelation came after reading the book "  Head Games , Football 's Concussion Crisis , " written by former Harvard University football player and WWE wrestler Chris Nowinski . Nowinski said that while aggression is endemic to football , there are ways to make the game safer . "  Can you ever make football so that no one gets hurt ? No . People are going to get hurt , " said Nowinski , president of the Sports Legacy Institute . "  But you can eliminate certain drills , you modify certain drills , minimize certain drills ... eliminate dumb things like ` bull in the ring . ' " Nowinski is a passionate advocate in part because concussions ended his wrestling career in 2004 . Ex-NFL stars after concussion : Lives unraveled Years later , when a mysterious , degenerative brain disease resembling dementia -- called chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- was described in athletes with repeated head trauma , Nowinski became a more outspoken advocate , especially for kids playing football . The first described cases of CTE were in deceased former NFL players , but recently the Boston University Medical School Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , which Nowinski co-founded , described CTE in the brain of an 18-year-old athlete . "  We have cases of teenagers , guys who never played pro sports , getting CTE and dying young , " said Nowinski , who added that dramatic changes are needed in football . Concussion extra dangerous to teen brains "  If we are n't talking about making relatively dramatic changes to the game in a public way ... then people are OK with kids getting a degenerative brain disease from playing football , " Nowinski said . Roda addressed the concussion issue in the Westport league by requiring preseason concussion education courses for all coaches , players and parents . He also reduced the amount of tackling during practice . "  Our kids hit maybe once or twice a week for short periods of time , " Roda said . "  And in the beginning of the season , we go without helmets , moving through the mechanics of tackling and blocking because the brain 's smart , right ? As soon as kids see -LSB- the head is -RSB- going to get hurt , the head snaps back automatically . " Practicing without helmets , Roda said , conditions kids to tackle with the head up instead of leading into tackles helmet-first , which is more likely to cause brain injury . He also has a certified athletic trainer attend all practices and games to evaluate players when a concussion is suspected . "  If a kid came out -LSB- of a game -RSB- , he got a hard hit , what we used to call a ` stinger ' or a ` ding , ' we would simply ask ` Are you OK ? ' and send him back in if he said yes , " Roda said . "  Now if we see a kid with a big hit , we 're checking on them to see if they 're OK , and we 're asking different kinds of questions to get the answers . " Roda said parents and coaches were resistant at first to the new rules . They were concerned about "  weakening " the game . But most came around when they realized what was at stake for the children and , according to Roda , when the team continued to win . This past season , Roda 's Westport Wreckers made it to the league championship game and had 50 % fewer concussions . "  The dramatic thing was that they were still good , " said Nowinski , who has conducted concussion safety presentations for parents and coaches in Westport . "  It did not hurt the kids ' ability to play the game . It just dramatically lowered their injury rate and their head trauma rate . " The new rules in Westport are part of a growing  although sometimes grudging  movement to make football safer for children -- whose brains are still developing and thus particularly susceptible to concussion . Last year , the American Academy of Neurologists recommended immediately removing an athlete suspected of suffering a concussion from the game , not allowing players back on the field until they receive medical clearance , and having a certified trainer at every game . Warner : Playing through concussion ` part of the game ' Similar rules appear in the Zackery Lystedt law , passed in Washington in 2009 . It is named after a 17-year-old who suffered a devastating brain injury after returning to play too soon after a concussion . A handful of other states have passed similar legislation . While Nowinski is encouraged by the progress , he said that many youth football coaches continue to teach aggression . "  You have to pose this question to people to get them to think about it : Are you OK with destroying a kid 's brain for this game ? If you are , then let 's keep going exactly as we 've been going , " Nowinski said . "  If you 're not , let 's really put our heads together with people who can actually make the changes and let 's do it . "	Carmen Roda wants to usher in "  new school " coaching Roda requires preseason concussion education courses for players and parents Parents concerned about "  weakening " the game , he says
CNN  -- The prime ministers of Australia and Malaysia on Saturday announced an agreement aimed at reducing human smuggling and illegal migration to Australia . Under the deal struck between the two countries , the next 800 asylum-seekers who arrive in Australia illegally will be transferred to Malaysia for refugee status determination . In exchange , over the next four years , Australia will take in 4,000 refugees who are already residing in Malaysia . "  I made it very clear that what I wanted to do was to break the back of the people smuggling model , to take away from them the very product that they sell , to stop people risking their lives at sea and to stop people profiting from human misery , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said at a news conference . "  I wanted to see us do something to end the profitability of people smuggling . " The agreement is also seen as a way to address what has become a political debate in Australia over the arrival of unauthorized immigrants . Thousands of refugees seek asylum in Australia each year , said Paul Power , CEO of the Refugee Council of Australia , an umbrella organization for groups that support refugees . Each year , 4.1 million travelers visit Australia on temporary visas . Of those , 4,000-5 ,000 -- mostly from China -- seek asylum , Power said . But this is n't the group that has stirred controversy . Opposition politicians have raised concerns about the asylum-seekers who are smuggled in , arriving in makeshift boats to the country . This amounts to a level of political fear-mongering , Power said . Still , in the last several years , asylum-seekers who reach Australia illegally have reached about 4,500 per year , Power said . Most of those come from Afghanistan , Sri Lanka , Iraq , Iran and Burma , and go travel through Malaysia -- a transit point for many refugees headed for Australia . The agreement is an attempt to remove the incentive to sneak into Australia . "  Under this arrangement , if someone seeks to come to Australia then they are at risk of going to Malaysia and going to the back of the queue -- that 's what it means , " Gillard said . In other words , those 800 who are transferred from Australia to Malaysia will not get preferential treatment over those refugees who are already there and have already begun to apply for asylum in Australia . But Power sees some red flags with the new deal . For one , he said , Malaysia , unlike Australia , is not a signatory to the 1951 U.N. Refugee Convention . Malaysia does not have a good record of dealing with refugees and has been down to arbitrarily detain asylum-seekers , Power said . According to the agreement , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees will be process the asylum-seekers once they arrive in Malaysia . Despite the political fires being stoked in Australia over unauthorized asylum-seekers , there is broad bipartisan support in the country for its resettlement program . Under the deal , for every migrant sent from Australia to Malaysia , Australia will intake five refugees from Malaysia . "  We 've been a generous country in the past over our history , over many decades resettling people who were fleeing persecution and of course I believe we will continue to do that over the years to come , " Gillard said . Other steps will be taken in the future to address the migration issue as well , she said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Unauthorized migrants arriving in Australia is a political issue Under the new plan , the next 800 illegal migrants will be sent to Malaysia In Malaysia , they will make their claims for asylum In exchange , Australia will accept 4,000 refugees from Malaysia
Kabul  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Austria on Sunday for talks with five other world powers and Iran on Tehran 's nuclear program . The participants will hold a final round of negotiations ahead of a July 20 deadline aimed at reaching a permanent deal on the future of Iran 's nuclear program . "  Obviously , we have some very significant gaps still , so we need to see if we can make some progress , " Kerry said in the Austrian capital , Vienna . "  I really look forward to a very substantive and important set of meetings and dialogues . " The nuclear talks will include the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- the U.S. , UK , France , China and Russia -- and Germany . "  It is vital to make certain that Iran is not going to develop a nuclear weapon , that their program is peaceful , " Kerry said . Tehran insists its ambitions are peaceful , but the world powers fear it plans to build nuclear weapons . "  We do n't see any benefit in Iran developing a nuclear weapon , " Iran 's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif told NBC 's "  Meet The Press " from Vienna . He said Iran has a number of advantages over its neighbors , including "  the fact that we have better technology , " which Iran does n't need to augment with nukes . "  I believe nuclear weapons reduces countries ' influence in our region , " he added . "  It does n't help anybody . " Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , speaking on "  Fox News Sunday " from Jerusalem , called Zarif 's comments a "  joke " and a "  sham . " He said Iran has invested billions into its nuclear program . "  For what ? For creating medical isotopes for Iranian patients circling the earth ? What are they developing ICBMs for if not for nuclear warheads ? " he asked . "  What are they developing these -- building these enormous underground nuclear facilities , if not for a nuclear weapon ? " Kerry is expected to meet with Zarif on Sunday night . Kerry seeks to mend U.S.-German relations Kerry met Sunday in Vienna with his German counterpart , Frank-Walter Steinmeier . The encounter came amid a row over fresh spying allegations against the United States . On Thursday , Germany 's government asked America 's top spy chief stationed in the country to leave . This followed the revelation that two Germans -- one working at a German intelligence agency , the other in the Ministry of Defense -- are suspected of spying for the United States . After Sunday 's meeting , Kerry described the relationship between the two countries as "  a strategic one . We have enormous political cooperation , and we are great friends and we will continue to work together in the kind of spirit that we exhibited today . " Kerry did not address the spy flap in his public remarks after the meeting , saying instead the conversation focused on Iran and also included Afghanistan and Iraq . Kerry : Afghanistan election audit coming Kerry 's stop in Austria follows an unannounced visit to Afghanistan , where divisions are growing since the country 's contested presidential runoff election . After his visit , he announced that an audit of the disputed presidential election results will begin within a day in Kabul , and the two candidates will accept its determination of who won . The inauguration of the new president , originally scheduled for August , will be postponed during the audit of votes cast for Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , Kerry said . Provisional results showed Ghani ahead with roughly 56 % support to 43 % for Abdullah . Both candidates have alleged vote fraud and manipulation during the runoff last month .	NEW : Israeli Prime Minister says Iran is obviously trying to build nuclear weapons Kerry says U.S. and Germany "  great friends " amid spy flap Top Iranian official says his country does n't need to build nuclear weapons Kerry says it 's vital to ensure "  Iran is not going to develop a nuclear weapon "
CNN  -- As Ashton Kutcher becomes the first to collect 1 million followers on Twitter and Oprah Winfrey sends out her first tweet , tech observers are debating : Does Friday mark a new peak for the microblogging service ? Or the beginning of its demise ? Ashton Kutcher told Larry King Friday that the battle was about proving one person can have a voice . Some bloggers and Twitter users have expressed concern that the once-cultish site is being overwhelmed by celebrities and media hype , while others are excited by Twitter 's ever-growing reach . "  It 's a big milestone . This brings Twitter mainstream , " said Andrew Cherwenka , a Huffington Post contributor and Web developer at Trapeze.com , referring to Kutcher and Winfrey 's Twitter breakthroughs . "  A lot of people are saying this is going to be the death of Twitter , and I do n't understand that at all , " Cherwenka added . "  It 's just another stage in Twitter 's acceleration . " "  The challenge for Twitter -- besides , of course , getting a business model in place to handle the infrastructure required to sustain this kind of growth -- is going to be maintaining the fact that it 's the community at large , not the celebrity users , that 's at the core of this service , " said Caroline McCarthy , who writes a CNET News blog about social media . "  The power of Twitter is about the millions of people using it and how easily it is to filter and aggregate their thoughts and conversations , " McCarthy told CNN . "  It ca n't be all about Ashton and Oprah . " In the much-publicized duel , Kutcher 's Twitter account crossed the 1 million mark on Twitter about 2:13 a.m. ET Friday , narrowly beating CNN 's breaking-news feed , which had 998,239 followers at the time . CNN passed the mark at 2:42 a.m. ET . On Friday , Kutcher went on "  Larry King Live " to talk about the battle and why he felt the duel was so important . "  We now live in an age in media that a single voice can have as much power and relevance on the Web , that is , as an entire media network , " he said . "  And I think that to me was shocking . " Watch Kutcher discuss reaching one million milestone " Early Friday Winfrey sent her first tweet from the Chicago , Illinois , set of her TV show . The all-caps message was sent at 10:10 a.m. ET and said , "  HI TWITTERS . THANK YOU FOR A WARM WELCOME . FEELING REALLY 21st CENTURY . " Winfrey drew more than 73,000 Twitter followers before she sent out her first tweet . By Friday afternoon her Twitter following had climbed above 100,000 . "  Twitter has experienced watershed events over the last two years since we founded the company , and momentum continues to build , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said Friday in an e-mail to CNN . "  Certainly having Oprah and Ashton embrace Twitter so enthusiastically will be another big moment for us . " But Kutcher also acknowledged on "  Larry King Live " Friday that while he was able to get so many followers because he is well-known , he was trying to show that anyone can have a voice and let their story be told . "  I think it 's really important that Twitter is not about celebrities . It 's not a platform for celebrities , " he said . "  In all these interviews and things , it 's been celebrity -- you know , people know have been on TV . It 's really about everyday people having a voice . And I do n't want it to be dwarfed by celebrity . " Sean ` Diddy ' Combs , who joined Twitter and threw his support behind Kutcher , told Larry King that he views Twitter as an important medium for him to share who he "  really " is , and give fans a direct line of communication to him . "  It 's a chance for people to know the real me , " he said . "  Due to my own fault there 's such a persona of the Hamptons and the bling-bling and the "  Forbes " list and who I 'm dating . There 's more substance to me than that . Over time I 've just wanted to make sure that that has gotten out . " Kutcher told Larry King that initially , Twitter was a tool to feed his ego until he realized that he could use the service to make a difference . "  At the end of the day , we all have ego , we all have some level of ego , " he said . "  But if we can use our ego to actually create good charitable things in the world in some way , and use our ego -- originally , I defined Twitter as an ego stream when I first saw it . But then what I realized is if we can transform that into something that 's positive that can actually effectively change the world , that can be a really valuable tool . " Kutcher had challenged CNN to the Twitter race , saying he would donate 10,000 mosquito bed nets to charity for World Malaria Day in late April if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to do the same . The battle between @aplusk , Kutcher 's Twitter handle , and CNN 's feed gained much attention on Twitter , with fans pulling for both sides . Web junkies watched Kutcher on a live video stream as he celebrated with champagne , surrounded by his wife , Demi Moore , and friends . "  We are over a million . CNN is still trying to get there . And that is just how it goes , " Kutcher told the camera as his friends screamed . "  There are a million people that need to be thanked for this . " See Kutcher celebrate his milestone " No single Twitter account had previously reached 1 million followers , according to two Web sites that track popularity on Twitter , a site on which users post 140-character messages that are distributed to groups of followers . "  Kudos to Ashton and all those in the @aplusk camp . Now more than ever , the consumer is in the driver 's seat and we could n't be more gratified than to be part of this historic social media milestone , " said CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin . CNN maintains more than 40 official Twitter accounts , with a total of more than 1.5 million followers . Kutcher was racing the network 's breaking-news feed , @cnnbrk . That account provides only brief updates about breaking news , therefore CNN does n't send a lot of alerts -- just those for major events the network believes its audience will want to know . "  We 'd like to thank every one of our followers for helping CNN reach the 1 million mark , and we are delighted to raise our donation to 10,000 bed nets for World Malaria Day in recognition of them , " Martin said . Not to be outdone , Winfrey said in a tweet Friday morning that she would donate 20,000 mosquito bed nets to charity . "  American Idol " host Ryan Seacrest , another popular Twitter user , also agreed Friday to make a donation of mosquito bed nets , which help prevent the biting insects from spreading malaria in tropical countries . "  Ashton 's ` Twitter race ' is an amazing example of how we can leverage new technology to battle an ancient disease , " said Scott Case , CEO of Malaria No More , the charity expected to benefit most from the mosquito bed net donations . "  Not only is Ashton helping Malaria No More raise awareness ... he 's also galvanizing his Twitter army to help end malaria deaths . " The online feud between CNN and Kutcher also drew attention to the popularity of Twitter , which has seen breakneck growth over the past year . Twitter saw 131 percent growth in March alone , with 9.3 million unique U.S. visitors that month , according to comScore . The group attributes the increase to media attention on the site . Cherwenka , the Huffington Post blogger , believes Kutcher may be one of the first people to leverage the power of online social networking for widespread social good . "  It 's a turning point in media . He 's one person who uses a free media platform to reach a large audience . And that really has n't been done before , " Cherwenka said . "  He did n't spend a penny on this . And that 's kind of the point of any kind of social activity on the Web . " But will all this celebrity-driven hype turn off longtime Twitter users ? Time will tell , observers say . "  I know some Twitter early adopters and loyalists are feeling a bit ambivalent about this influx of mainstream attention , and are likening it to when their favorite indie band gets big overnight , " said CNET 's McCarthy . "  They 're excited to see this service really take off , but at the same time are concerned that it 's turning into a sort of novelty fad . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs and John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	NEW : Ashton Kutcher : "  It 's really about everyday people having a voice " NEW : Kutcher : I realized I could use Twitter to "  effectively change the world " Oprah Winfrey , Ashton Kutcher taking Twitter 's popularity to new heights Kutcher beat CNN early Friday in a race for 1 million followers on the site
CNN  -- If Herman Cain committed sexual harassment and is now lying about it , his goose is cooked and it should be . But if he is telling the truth , there is something terribly disconcerting about the way the Washington "  scandal industrial complex " -- full of reporters , former campaign workers and pundits -- has reacted to this sad story . After the story broke in Politico , Cain the next day denied that he sexually harassed anyone , which after all , is the core issue . Since then , other anonymous sources claim they too were harassed , without anyone really knowing what the alleged harassment entailed . He has been consistent , unwavering and on the record in his denial . But that 's not good enough for the way things work in Washington , where the manner in which he reacted to the news is said to be a sign of whether he would make a good president . He is being assailed because he remembered more information and therefore "  his story changed , " an unforgivable development for those who cover scandal news . Journalists trotted out their well-worn formula for keeping a scandal story alive by saying that his "  answers led to more unanswered questions , " even though he already answered the only question that matters -- did he harass anyone ? Experts who know scandals decry his failure to have "  gotten ahead of the story . " He should have seen this coming , they say , and pre-empted it , the way all clever Washington politicians , skilled in the art of survival , would have done . My problem with this line of attack is it 's exactly what has made politicians , and often the reporters who cover them , so disconnected from the rest of the country . Cain 's reaction has been human . It 's been just the opposite of what a politician who prizes political survival above all would have done . Imagine that you were accused of doing something you did not do 12 years ago . You have a staff and your staff figured out a way to make it go away . Good , you might say . I did n't do it and it deserves to go away . You then put the issue out of your mind . Then 12 years later , the allegations re-emerge . It 's not unnatural that you start to remember more facts . Some details come back to you . Some do n't . That 's the way the human mind works . It 's not the way political minds work . In a year in which people of all parties are fed up with how Washington conducts its business , it 's ironic that Cain is now being assailed by Washington insiders for his failure to act like a Washington insider . I know all the tricks of the trade . If Cain spent 21 years in Washington like I did , he would have pre-empted the issue by giving a speech about what it takes to make it in business . As he cited his successes , he could have addressed how hard it can sometimes be to make it in America today . How innocent statements he once made to his staff led to threatened lawsuits . How despite his knowing he did nothing wrong , he was advised to "  settle " the matter so it did n't become a bigger distraction . What 's $ 35,000 to a multimillion dollar industry ? Trial lawyers , excess regulations , union demands all make it so hard to create jobs and achieve growth . He could have gotten the news out himself , framed in a way that minimized the "  scandal " and maximized his themes about the economy . How very Washington , and clever , that would have been . If Cain was the same type of skilled politician who has made Washington what it is has largely become -- an assemblage of smooth-talking , gifted experts in creating a massive debt that risks our future , while being seemingly incapable of doing anything about it other than blaming the other guy -- he might have acted differently . But he 's not an insider . He said what came naturally . He remembered more facts -- a very human development -- and said them . Scandal experts will tell you not to remember more information . Stick to your denial and say nothing else , they would advise . Cain did n't do that because he 's not like that . He genuinely is different . And because he 's different , he 's being pilloried for how he has handled the allegations . Before these anonymous allegations hit , I publicly said , and I repeat , I like the fact that Cain is an outsider , but I do n't think he 's ready for the Oval Office . I wanted someone who thinks like an outsider but who has also served as a governor  think Indiana 's Mitch Daniels  so he or she has the knowledge and experience to get programs through Congress . I 'm neutral in this primary . But as well-versed as I am in the ways of Washington , I 'm the first to admit that the ways of Washington are a big part of the problem . The public is yearning for someone who is genuine and who does n't act like a perfect politician . Unfortunately , the scandal industrial complex does its business the Washington way , judging Cain 's reaction according to formulas that were written by perfect politicians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	Herman Cain has repeatedly denied sexually harassing women Ari Fleischer : If he is lying , he 's in big trouble But if Cain is telling the truth , the response to story is disconcerting , Fleischer says Fleischer : Washington 's scandal industry has kicked into full gear
New York  CNN  -- Civil rights lawyers filed papers in federal court Monday seeking to prohibit the New York Police Department 's surveillance of Muslim communities when there is no evidence that they are linked to terrorism or other illegal activities . The department 's demographics unit -- or zone assessment unit -- was put together with the CIA 's help after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The unit has acknowledged that it engaged in monitoring that included Muslim-owned business and mosques across the New York region . The motion filed Monday is part of a class-action case from 1971 that resulted in a historic settlement in 1985 known as the Handschu agreement , or Handschu guidelines . The settlement restricted police -- who were then accused of compiling dossiers on political activists and those perceived as radicals -- from investigating individuals whose activities were constitutionally protected . "  We think the surveillance of innocent Muslims is an infringement of civil liberties by the police and a violation of the guidelines , " said Paul Chevigny , a New York University law professor and one of five attorneys on the Handschu case . Muslim leaders boycott breakfast over surveillance program According to the guidelines , the police can not keep records unless they find evidence of terrorism , and according to Chevigny , they have kept voluminous records on businesses connected with Islam . "  There 's no indication of crime in connection with any of the organizations they 've infiltrated , " Chevigny said . Last summer the head of the city 's police intelligence division testified that the controversial surveillance unit never produced a lead that linked to a potential terrorist plot during years of investigation . The unit 's reports never led to a terrorism investigation in at least six years of surveillance , according to court testimony from Thomas P. Galati , the commanding officer of the police intelligence division . "  I could tell you that I have never made a lead from rhetoric that came from a demographics report , and I 'm here since 2006 , " he said in a June 28 deposition unsealed last August . "  I do n't recall other ones prior to my arrival . Again , that 's always a possibility . I am not aware of any . " A 60-page report obtained by The Associated Press in 2012 showed police department maps of Newark , New Jersey , and photographs of Muslim residences and mosques , while other reports revealed that authorities had tracked websites and on at least one occasion placed an undercover officer among university students . There was no statement in the documents regarding terrorism or other criminal activity . However , in 2011 civil rights attorneys filed papers in federal court challenging whether the use of undercover agents and informants within Muslim communities constituted a breach of those guidelines . Last year New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said that the "  premise that the demographic unit was used for wholesale spying on Muslims , using undercover officers and informants to do so , was false , " and that neither "  confidential informants nor undercover officers were assigned to the demographics unit . " Browne added that "  the small unit , about eight people , surveyed places a terrorist might go to use a foreign language internet cafe , get a job off the books , find a place to stay , etc. " However , police did uncover information that "  led them to recommend that investigators take a closer look . " Police actions adhered to the Handschu guidelines , Browne added , which were modified after the 2001 attacks to provide authorities greater leeway in investigating potential threats . In the first expansive official description of the city 's demographics unit , Galati testified last June that the department had collected information often based on ethnicity and language . "  Most Urdu speakers from that region  Pakistan  would be of concern , so that 's why it 's important to me , " he said . Listening in on a conversation at a Lebanese cafe could also be useful , he added , allowing analysts to determine what part of Lebanon the cafe-goers were from . "  That may be an indicator of possibility that that is a sympathizer to Hezbollah because southern Lebanon is dominated by Hezbollah . " But "  related to demographics ... I can tell you that information that  has  come in has not commenced an investigation . " The purpose of the unit is to help "  identify locations if we 're faced with a threat , " he noted , offering investigators a better starting point when confronted with a possible attack . "  The police department needs to know where we should go and look for that particular terrorist , " he said . "  A lot of information that the zone assessment unit captures helps us identify locations that we should look or not look for . " Last year New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa announced that the NYPD did not violate New Jersey laws when it carried out surveillance of Muslim-run businesses across state lines . The findings were the product of a three-month review meant to address concerns expressed by Muslim organizations , who later filed a lawsuit in New Jersey federal court against the NYPD for unfairly targeting the Muslim community . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in March called reports of NYPD surveillance "  disturbing , " though White House chief counterterrorism adviser John Brennan praised the city 's efforts to strike a balance between security and the protection of civil rights .	Civil rights lawyers ask federal court to end New York police surveillance of Muslims Surveillance of businesses , mosques violate 1985 court settlement on monitoring groups , lawyers say Police department unit monitored Muslim businesses and mosques in region Power to monitor groups expanded after 9/11 attacks in 2001
Mental Floss  -- While the horse racing world is all abuzz over Rachel Alexandra , the amazing three-year-old filly who recently beat Kentucky Derby winner Mine that Bird  along with a field full of other colts  in the Preakness Stakes , we 're reminded of some other female athletes of the two-legged variety who also beat the boys at their own game . Danica Patrick finished third at the 2009 Indianapolis 500 on Saturday . 1 . Billie Jean King -- tennis In 1973 , Billie Jean King was 29 years old and the reigning queen of women 's tennis . In an era when female athletes were paid significantly less than their male counterparts , King still managed to earn $ 100,000 in 1971 . Bobby Riggs had won Wimbledon back in 1939 , but by the 1970s his star was fading . He kept his name in the press by proclaiming himself a male chauvinist pig and declaring that women athletes could never be as good as men . After defeating Margaret Court in May , he proclaimed "  I want King ! " The much-hyped "  Battle of the Sexes " was held at the Houston Astrodome on September 20 , 1973 . The idea of a woman beating a man in any sport was so unbelievable at the time that Las Vegas oddsmakers heavily favored the 55-year-old Riggs . A worldwide television audience watched via satellite as King neatly thrashed Riggs 6-4 , 6-3 and 6-3 . Billie Jean King not only took home the prize money and several endorsement deals , she also opened up a new playing field for professional sportswomen . Mental Floss : Song Elton John wrote for Billie Jean King 2 . Margaret Murdock -- shooting Margaret Murdock 's father was a Kansas state rifle champion , so it was logical that both she and her sister took up the sport as children . When Murdock attended Kansas State in the early 1960s , she won her varsity letter by competing on the men 's rifle team . In 1976 she became the first woman to represent the U.S. on its Olympic shooting team . The small-bore three position competition calls for the shooter to fire off 40 shots each in the standing , kneeling and prone position . The competitors fire from 50 meters away at a target that is a little smaller than a dime . At the end of the competition , Murdock was tied with Lanny Bassham , the team captain . Bassham requested a tie-breaking shoot-off , but Olympic rules forbade it ; instead , Bassham was awarded the gold medal because he had scored three "  100s " to Murdock 's two . During the medal ceremony , Lanny pulled Margaret up from the silver pedestal to stand with him during the national anthem to indicate that she deserved the gold as much as he . 3 . Jackie Mitchell -- baseball Virne Beatrice Mitchell , known to her family as "  Jackie , " entered the world ahead of schedule and weighed only a little over three pounds at birth . As soon as she learned to walk , her father took her to the ballpark . The Mitchell 's next door neighbor in Memphis was future Hall of Famer Dazzy Vance , who was still playing in the minors at the time . He coached Jackie in the art of pitching when she was eight years old and even showed her his trademark "  drop pitch , " a dazzling throw in which the ball swooped down just before crossing the plate . When Mitchell was 17 she was offered a contract with the Chattanooga Lookouts , today the AA affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers . On April 1 , 1931 , the New York Yankees were in town to play an exhibition game against the Lookouts . The game was postponed a day due to rain , and there was a crowd of 4,000 on hand when Mitchell finally took the mound . Babe Ruth stepped up to the plate and southpaw Jackie threw her special pitch . Ruth took the first pitch for a ball , but the next three were strikes . Lou Gehrig , baseball 's Iron Man , was up next and similarly struck out . The crowd was on its feet , but some skeptical reporters wrote that the whole thing had been staged , since the game was originally scheduled for April Fool 's Day . Nevertheless , Commissioner Kennesaw Landis was sufficiently threatened by the tiny female dynamo that he had her contract voided , stating that baseball was "  too strenuous " for women . Mental Floss : 7 silly products licensed by Major League Baseball 4 . Seana Hogan -- cycling To Ultra Cyclists , 100-mile events are kid stuff . Ultra Cyclists consider events like the Race Across America  RAAM  -- a 2,950 mile cross-country jaunt -- to be a real competition . Seana Hogan of San Jose , California , has won the female division of RAAM an amazing six times , and her finish times in each case usually placed her in the top 15 finishers overall . Ultra Cycling requires about 20 hours of continuous pedaling per day , up hills  a combined total of about 82,000 feet of climbing  , down dales and in all weather . Hogan holds the record for the San Francisco to Los Angeles race  beating even the best men 's time  and was the overall winner of the 1995 Furnace Creek 508 , which runs from Valencia through Death Valley to Twentynine Palms . 5 . Danica Patrick -- auto racing Danica Patrick 's parents met on a blind date at an auto race , so she felt that racing was her destiny . Patrick started competing on the go-kart circuit at age 10 , and moved to England at 16 to participate in various racing events and advance her career . In 2000 , she finished second in the Formula Ford Festival , the highest finish by an American in that event . She moved back to the States where she competed in the Toyota Atlantic series for Rahal Letterman Racing and won her first pole position . Patrick started her Indy career in 2005 , making her only the fourth woman to compete in the 500 . Three years later she won the Twin Ring Motegi in the Indy Japan 300 , the first female driver to win an IndyCar race . 6 . Sonya Thomas -- competitive eating At five feet , five inches tall and just under 100 lbs. , Sonya Thomas gives the impression that the slightest breeze could blow her away . But despite her wispy stature , Thomas is known in competitive eating circles for blowing away the competition , including male contestants three times her size . Thomas remembers being inspired to enter the world of competitive eating after watching Takeru Kobayashi munching his way to the championship at the Nathan 's Coney Island hot dog contest in 2002 . In 2005 she set a record for female frankfurter consumption in Nathan 's annual contest . That was n't quite good enough for Sonya , however , and she began a training regimen that included walking two hours per day on an inclined treadmill and eating only one large meal per day . Scientific-types hypothesize that Sonya 's slim physique gives her an advantage over her more zaftig competitors -- she lacks a layer of fat around her abdomen , which gives it more room to expand . Whatever the explanation , Thomas has defeated all-comers in various International Federation of Competitive Eating contests , including "  the most " oysters , chicken wings and Krystal hamburgers downed in a prescribed amount of time . Mental Floss : Food challenges for the super competitive For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Female pitcher Virne Beatrice Mitchell struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig Seana Hogan holds the record for the San Francisco to Los Angeles cycling race Sonya Thomas wins eating contests of oysters , chicken wings , Krystal hamburgers
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- The mood around Independence Square in Ukraine 's capital was very somber Sunday as thousands gathered , mourning the dozens of people killed in demonstrations during the past week and wondering who will take charge of the politically divided nation . They wondered where President Viktor Yanukovych , who reportedly tried to leave the country Saturday night , had gone . No one in the government appeared to know . There was a great uncertainty in the country after the rapidly moving events of the past 24 hours , which saw Parliament oust Yanukovych , free his political rival Yulia Tymoshenko from prison and schedule elections for May . It appeared that two political forces were trying to establish control of the country : the opposition and Yanukovych , who maintains that he is still President and still in control despite fleeing to the eastern part of the country . Clearly , though , his power has been greatly diminished Oleksandr Yefremov , parliamentary leader of Yanukovych 's Party of Regions , condemned the ousted President on Sunday in a video statement , blaming him for the "  robbery and deception " of the nation . The former ruling party blamed Yanukovych for illegal orders that led to casualties , financial debt and shame in the eyes of the world , Yefremov said . It also remains to be seen how Russia -- Yanukovych 's ally -- will respond with the Winter Olympics in Sochi closing on Sunday . Rapid changes to political scene Tymoshenko , the former prime minister , was freed after 2Â 1/2 years in prison Saturday and returned to the capital in a development many could n't have imagined as dawn broke that day . She went to Independence Square and had strong words for Yanukovych . "  Today , Ukraine has finished with this terrible dictator , " Tymoshenko told the cheering crowd . She served as prime minister from 2007 until she was forced out of office in 2010 after losing the election to Yanukovych . A year later , she was sentenced to seven years in prison after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia . The West considers her case politically motivated and has called her "  a political prisoner . " She is considered a hero of a 2004 revolution that forced the results of a presidential election won by Yanukovych to be thrown out . Where is the Presdent ? Last we heard , Yanukovych was in Kharkiv , a pro-Russian stronghold near Ukraine 's border with that nation . He tried to leave the country by plane but was turned away , authorities said . The country 's acting interior minister said Sunday that government officials in Kiev do n't know the whereabouts of Yanukovych and two of his top ministers . On Saturday , the President and his entourage attempted to board a charter flight without proper documentation in the eastern city of Donetsk , according to the head of Ukraine 's Border Guard Service , Sergei Astakov . He was on the tarmac when he was turned back by security forces , Astakov said . But the President took to television airwaves , saying he 's still the legitimate leader . He said he was forced to leave Kiev because of "  vandalism , crime and a coup . " "  I do n't plan to leave the country . I do n't plan to resign . I am the legitimate President , " he said from Kharkiv . May elections Parliament voted to oust the President and hold new elections on May 25 . It also appointed Oleksandr Turchinov , the speaker , to take on Yanukovych 's duties until then . Lawmakers also fired several ministers , including the foreign and education chiefs . But who will lead the nation is still a big question . Tymoshenko announced Sunday that she does n't want to be considered for the nomination for prime minister , according to a statement posted on the Batkivshchyna party website . The opposition coalition is a chaotic mix of voices , each working to assert dominance . Former world champion boxer Vitali Klitschko has been the most well-known opposition figure during the crisis . He heads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party . But the opposition bloc goes well beyond Klitschko and his party . Then there 's Arseniy Yatsenyuk , another opposition figure and former foreign minister . Last month , the President offered a package of concessions under which Yatsenyuk would have become the prime minister and Klitschko deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues . The opposition refused . Russia 's influence The series of concessions started Friday with Parliament overwhelmingly approving the return of the nation 's 2004 constitution . Reinstating it gives the President less power -- a key demand of protesters who 'd taken over Kiev City Hall for weeks -- and paves the way for lawmakers to appoint key ministers . Close ally Russia has been busy hosting the Winter Olympics , which end Sunday . But it 's closely linked to the crisis , which started in November , when Yanukovych scrapped a European Union trade deal and turned toward Russia . Russia offered to lend money to Ukraine in a deal worth billions of dollars and lower its gas prices . The deal sent protesters to the streets as Russia pressured Yanukovych to crack down on demonstrators . On Saturday , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , condemned what he called Western attempts to influence the outcome of the tumult in Ukraine . "  Either they do n't understand the consequences of what they 're doing , or they 're engaged in a very provocative game of destabilizing Ukraine and therefore Eastern Europe , " Churkin said in a post on his official Twitter account . Churkin has accused the opposition of wanting to take power by force . "  If those so-called democratic opposition leaders come to power on the shoulders of thugs , that will not produce democracy in Ukraine , " he said . On Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov spoke about the situation in Ukraine . According to written statement from a senior State Department official , Washington strongly prodded Moscow to accept the results of the Parliament 's decisions . Kerry also asked Russia to work with the United States and the European Union on enabling "  critically needed reforms " and to not use military force in the country , which shares a border with western Russia . Explainer : What and who are behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? iReport : Protester describes bloodied people being rushed to medics U.S. talks tough , but options limited in Ukraine CNN 's Victoria Butenko , Phil Black and Ingrid Formanek reported from Kiev , and Steve Almasy , Faith Karimi and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : U.S. asks Russia to accept changes in Ukraine , work to move country forward Yulia Tymoshenko , freed from prison , says no to future prime minister slot Government say it does n't know where ousted President Viktor Yanukovych is Official from Yanukovych 's party blames him for "  robbery and deception "
Facebook 's decision to file for public status means its No. 2 executive , Sheryl Sandberg , might be worth as much as $ 1.6 billion . According to Forbes , that would catapult her just below the seemingly untouchable Oprah in the ranking of the richest self-made women . She wo n't have much company : Only 7.5 % of the major earners at America 's Fortune 500 companies are female . The many media profiles of Sandberg all seem to be asking the same question : How did Sheryl do it ? How did she get the confidence to perform so well at such a high level ? And perform she has . According to The New York Times , she took Facebook from 70 million users and no business model to profits reaching $ 1 billion on $ 3.7 billion in revenue in just four years . Sandberg 's own mentor , Larry Summers , ignited a firestorm in 2005 when he wondered publicly whether one reason women were n't achieving at the highest levels in the sciences was a lack of biological aptitude , particularly for math . Before long , he was ousted from his position as president of Harvard -- not officially for this reason -- and the nation was abuzz about women 's lack of parity in so many fields and forums . At that time , about 15 % of opinion pieces were written by women , though the imbalance was largely under the radar . The opinion page became a particularly contentious space for an outpouring of women 's voices in this overdue conversation . Nationally syndicated columnist Susan Estrich called The Los Angeles Times ' leadership out for sexism on its opinion pages . Anne Applebaum of The Washington Post argued with Estrich and said she resented being called a "  female " journalist . And Maureen Dowd of The New York Times , echoing one of the most commonly held beliefs about why women do n't have parity , wrote that women were n't fairly represented because they are afraid of being attacked and care too much about what others think . They lack confidence . But what does that really mean ? The notion that women lack confidence implies a negative judgment . It 's viewed as a weakness , coded as feminine . But some recent social science research reveals a more likely and complex explanation : People do things because people who look and talk like them or share the same background do those things . To assume that a lack of confidence is the reason so few women are intellectual leaders is too simplistic . When a woman does n't go for a big corporate job like Sandberg 's or says no when television producers call , saying she does n't have any confidence implies it 's an individual choice made in some sort of sociocultural vacuum . As women , in many cases , the impulse to do something out of the norm of our peer group , like write an opinion piece or ask for a promotion , has simply never occurred to us . If it does , we do n't act on it . Our girlfriends are n't doing it . Our female colleagues are n't doing it . Why should we ? Peer influence , whether you 're a teenage girl trying to figure out what to wear to junior high on Monday morning or a midlevel manager at Morgan Stanley , is a powerful indicator of what you think is possible for yourself . In "  Join the Club : How Peer Pressure Can Transform the World , " Tina Rosenberg writes , "  The social norms set by our peers dominate our choices about what we value and what we expect in life . " Sandberg , who often urges women to "  lean into " their careers , must know that you do n't lean in alone . She runs a monthly salon for women out of her home , inviting guest speakers like feminist Gloria Steinem and trailblazing Sen. Claire McCaskill . Women of various generations gather and shape their ambitions over a meal and some conversation . At The OpEd Project , we cultivate new voices , training minorities and women to inhabit their place as narrators of the world . The challenge is to shift the way we think about ourselves . We must see our peers and ourselves as leaders who have a right and a responsibility to weigh in on the matters of our day . We have to create a new ecosystem in which we see ourselves as part of the critical conversations of our age and feel equally entitled and compelled to narrate them . Who has n't heard a parent quip , "  If all of your friends were jumping off of a cliff , would you ? " There 's some profound wisdom in that old cliché : If your friends are n't aiming for high-profile corporate leadership or going head-to-head on the Sunday morning talk shows , you 're not likely to , either . We can create more Sandbergs by surrounding ourselves with confident , outspoken women . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	Writers : Facebook 's Sandberg an anomaly ; 7.5 % of Fortune 500 big earners are female Too often , they write , people attribute the scarcity of powerful women to a lack of confidence But people look to their peers ' behavior to judge what they 're capable of , writers say Women need to feel entitled to power and must cultivate confident friends , they say
A newlywed woman died after plunging about 2,000 feet in a BASE jumping attempt in Utah 's rugged Zion National Park , authorities said Sunday . Amber Bellows , 28 , and her husband of two weeks , Clayton Butler , climbed up Mount Kinesava , a 7,276-foot peak that overlooks the park , on Saturday , the National Park Service said . The Salt Lake City couple were said to be experienced BASE jumpers -- in which participants leap from fixed objects , such as mountains or buildings , using parachutes to slow their falls . The risky activity is illegal inside Zion National Park , authorities said . Bellows jumped first on Saturday afternoon , but her parachute did n't open properly , Butler told authorities . He said he jumped after her , but he could n't reach her . Butler , 29 , then hiked out of the remote area to find help , alerting park authorities at about 6:30 p.m. Recovery teams located Bellows ' body around 10 a.m. Sunday . Using a helicopter , they hoisted her from the difficult terrain to a nearby ambulance , the Park Service said . "  Both Clayton and Amber are conscientious , experienced BASE jumpers and this was a tragic accident , " Joshua Lloyd , her manager and videographer , said Monday . "  Amber will be missed throughout the entire community and we ask for privacy and respect for the family at this time . " Lloyd said he 'd been told her jump looked fine at first , but her main parachute did n't deploy properly . Her death , the first of a BASE jumper in the park , is under investigation , authorities said . "  It is just really sad , and our condolences go out to her family and friends , " said Jim Milestone , the acting superintendent of the park . "  BASE jumping is so dangerous , " Milestone said in a statement . "  Even for those that are experienced , like Amber Bellows . That is one of the reasons it is not allowed in the park . " Wingsuit flier Victor Kovats dies after cliff crash horror Indiana groom dies in road accident hours after wedding	A 28-year-old woman falls about 2,000 feet after her parachute fails to open properly She and her husband of two weeks had hiked up a mountain in Zion National Park He was unable to reach her and had to seek help from park authorities to recover her body She was an experienced BASE jumper , but the activity is illegal in the park , authorities say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Reality for TLC 's T-Boz has been a challenge , starting at age 7 , when she was diagnosed with sickle cell anemia . "  I was told I would n't live past 30 , I would be disabled my whole life and I would never become a mother , " T-Boz , a member of one of the most successful girl groups ever , told CNN . "  My daughter is Chase . She 's 12 . I 've traveled the world in one of the best groups ever . I 'm 42 . " Reality called again five years ago when doctors found a brain tumor , which left her partially blind and deaf . "  But after losing my sight , hearing , balance and speech , yes , I 'm returning , " said T-Boz , whose real name is Tionne Watkins . "  I had to take three years to heal and fight for everything that I wanted back . T-Boz is sharing the lessons learned from hard reality in a reality TV show that premieres Tuesday night , coincidentally on a network with the same name as her group -- TLC . "  It 's about 20 years later , me coming back from the brain tumor and doing things I want to do , " she said . "  You 'll hear about all that in the show , my real-life struggles , being a single mother . I do n't care how much money you have in the world . It 's not about that . It 's all about time . I 'm in charge of raising a young woman one day , to be a mother and hopefully a wife . All of that . As you know , being a parent , that 's probably the hardest job ever " "  Totally T-Boz " is real -- especially compared with most shows , she said : "  They 're fake as all get-out , right ? I 'm real . " Her experience with reality TV includes being fired by Donald Trump on "  Celebrity Apprentice " in 2009 . "  If I 'm not the chick you want , because you do n't want that , then they 'll probably censure me , " she said . "  That 's fine , but I 'm staying me , because I 'm happy and I 've always been happy in my skin . " Like other entertainers who disappear from the spotlight for a while , T-Boz never stopped working while she focused on raising her daughter and fighting for her health . "  I get a lot of ` Oh , you 've been gone , ' " she said . "  I was n't gone . Just because you did n't see me does n't mean I was n't working and collecting checks . I just was n't singing and doing videos . I do a lot of other things , like I said , like writing scripts and stuff like that . I write for other artists . " When a doctor told her that her headaches were caused by a tumor , "  I said ` Say huh ? Say huh ? " she said . The diagnosis triggered a string of emotions , but never anger , she said . "  I had that fight , " she said . "  I want to live . I did n't have time to die . " The hardest time was not knowing if the tumor was cancerous and if it would kill her , she said . She began a desperate search for doctors she trusted who did not look at her "  just like I was a dollar sign , " she said . "  They 're like , ` You know , sickle cell can cause complications because it will turn on your body , your heart and lungs . You could just die , have a stroke , " she said . "  I was like , Jesus , Lord , what 's going on ? " Some doctors told her removing her tumor through surgery would be too complicated . "  It 's just like they wanted to still keep the tumor in my head , and maybe burn some of your cells and you may not remember something . " "  In my gut , I know if I had stayed in Atlanta , and let them touch me , I would n't be here , " she said . "  I was n't going to make it through those surgeries . I was going to die . And I felt that . " She chose a Los Angeles doctor to oversee her treatment and brain surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center . "  I said , ' I know this is him in my heart , " she said . "  I packed up my stuff and my family and I came here . " But she had to make a decision . "  I had to give the order of what I wanted to be saved , " she said . "  So I said my face first , because you could n't look at me and tell I 'm deaf or blind . My hearing second , because I still want to hear and sing and have my speech . And then my balance . So they took my balance completely from the right . " But after three years of physical therapy to teach her brain how to compensate for the loss of balance , "  mostly everything else is back . I can hear and see and I can speak , " she said . "  So I am blessed . " When you meet her now , it 's hard now to tell anything was ever wrong with T-Boz . "  I still have a crooked smile and just certain things I deal with , but I 'll take all of that to be back here and be Chase 's mother , " she said . Predictions of her lifespan are still pessimistic , but her optimism rejects them . "  Now they 're saying 45 , and I plan to be talking to y' all at 56 , " she said . "  I 'd rather take over the disease than let it take over me . Let 's put it that way . " T-Boz has a lot left to do . This year is the 20th anniversary of when she teamed with Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes and Rozonda "  Chilli " Thomas as TLC . VH1 is producing a bio-pic about them , which means T-Boz is back in the studio working on the soundtrack . "  It 's going to be hard to see who can dance like us , " she said . "  I do n't even think I could do me again . Could I do T-Boz again the way I did it ? " The reunited group -- with a replacement for Lopes , who died in a 2002 auto accident in Honduras -- will also tour to support the release of a new album , which includes two new singles . And T-Boz has her own song out called "  Champion , " with the profits going to a charity for children with blood disorders . "  There 's a lot of people who have been going through what I went through and I want to help whoever I can , " she said . "  I want to share my story because I think God spared me for a reason . I think that I 'm supposed do something with it . "	"  After losing my sight , hearing , balance and speech , yes , I 'm returning , " T-Boz says The TLC singer is a survivor of sickle cell anemia and a brain tumor "  Totally T-Boz " premieres Tuesday night on TLC 2013 is the 20th anniversary of when T-Boz teamed with "  Left Eye " and "  Chilli "
CNN  -- For most of American history , the average farmer , shop owner or entrepreneur could live an entire life without getting anything from the federal government except mail service . But those days have gone the way of the Pony Express . Last year , the Wall Street Journal reported that 49 % of the population lives in a household where at least one person gets some type of government benefit . The Heritage Foundation 's annual Index of Dependence on Government tracks government spending and creates a weighted score adjusted for inflation of federal programs that contribute to dependency . It reports that in 2010 , 67.3 million Americans received either Temporary Assistance for Needy Families , Social Security , support for higher education or other assistance once considered to be the responsibility of individuals , families , neighborhoods , churches , and other civil society institutions -- an 8 % increase from the year before . These people are n't necessarily dependent on government ; many could live  even live well  without their Social Security check , Pell grant or crop subsidy . That 's not the point . The problem is that Washington is building a culture of dependency , with ever-more people relying on an ever-growing federal government to give them cash or benefits . This is a growing and dangerous trend . The United States thrives because of a culture of opportunity that encourages work and disdains relying on handouts . The growth of the welfare state , a confusing alphabet soup of programs that are supposed to help low-income Americans make ends meet and do not include entitlements such as Social Security or Medicare , is turning us into a land where many expect , and see no stigma attached to , drawing regular financial support from the federal government . Opinion : Americans are not moochers Consider means-tested social welfare programs . The federal government operates at least 69 programs that provide assistance deliberately and exclusively to poor and lower-income people . The benefits include cash , food , housing , medical care and social services . Yet when poverty expert Robert Rector , senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation , examined these anti-poverty programs , he found that only two , the earned income tax credit and the additional child refundable credit , require recipients to actually work for their benefits . It had been three , but earlier this year , the Obama administration effectively set aside the most well-known welfare work requirements , those specifically written into the 1996 Temporary Assistance to Needy Families law . The Department of Health and Human Services announced that states could apply for a waiver of the law 's clearly stated work requirements . Meanwhile , although spending on welfare has been cut in half since it was reformed in 1996 , other federal spending on programs , such as food stamps , has soared year after year and decade after decade . Simply put , spending on social welfare programs has exploded . CNNMoney : The poor do have jobs Under a culture of dependency , poverty becomes a trap , and recipients get stuck . Long-term welfare recipients lose work habits and job skills and miss out on the marketplace contacts that lead to job opportunities . That 's a key reason the government should require welfare recipients to work as much as they can . What could be called "  workfare " thus tends to increase long-term earnings among potential recipients . Another problem is that we simply ca n't afford all this spending . The national debt is at $ 16 trillion , more than the entire GDP of the United States last year . High as it is , that debt is about to soar . More than 78 million baby boomers are retiring onto Social Security and Medicare in the next 15 years or so . Under Obamacare , Medicaid is set to explode as well . Within just one generation , total federal spending could reach nearly 36 % of GDP , and the Congressional Budget Office says debt held by the public could reach nearly 200 % of GDP . That will crowd out virtually all other government spending , including national defense . Future Congresses could impose deep cuts in social welfare programs across the board or raise massive taxes to support these exploding programs . The results would be chaotic and unpredictable . News : Romney remarks : Plain truth or huge mistake ? It does n't have to be this way . We can reduce dependency on government and focus benefits on those who are truly needy . For example , by including work requirements and promoting marriage  being raised in a married family significantly reduces a child 's chances of being in poverty  , we 'll help rekindle the American Dream for everyone . All poverty programs should be reviewed to make certain they 're helping people instead of harming them . Social welfare programs should help people up , not hold them down . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Spalding .	Matthew Spalding : U.S. social welfare programs are creating a vast culture of dependency He says the welfare state removes the stigma from taking government support He says longtime recipients lose work habits and jobs skills Spalding : The U.S. must require work for assistance and better target poverty programs
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For the first time in almost two weeks , the name of presumptive Chinese leader Xi Jinping has appeared in state media , but it was n't to dampen speculation about his "  disappearance " weeks before a major Communist Party congress . Instead , the 59-year-old vice president 's name appeared on a message of condolence following the death on September 6 of a former official in Guangxi Province . "  After the passing of Comrade Huang Rong , Hu Jintao , Xi Jinping , Li Yuanchao , Zhu Rongji and Li Zhaozhuo expressed their condolences and conveyed their deep sympathies to his family , " it said . Xi 's name appeared second on the list after current President Hu , and before other leaders including Li Yuanchao , head of the powerful Organization department who , like Xi , is tipped for a place on the Politburo Standing Committee , the nine-member team who leads China . Jockeying for position ahead of China 's leadership jamboree The message did not include any direct quotes from Xi , and its existence does n't provide any explanation as to why Xi has dropped from public view . The vice president has not been seen in public since September 1 when he was reported to have given a speech to the Central Party School in Beijing . Images published by major news websites after the date showed Xi looking well and smartly dressed in a dark suit and purple tie . However , since then , the cancellation of a number of meetings with high-profile foreign dignitaries has created a storm of speculation as rumor and hearsay fill the void of official information . Who are the next generation of Chinese leaders ? For a number of days , Chinese foreign ministry spokesman , Hong Lei , has declined to answer queries on Xi at the Ministry 's daily press briefings . When Xi 's meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton was abruptly canceled on September 5 , American officials said their Chinese counterparts had blamed a "  scheduling conflict . " No official reasons were given following the cancellation of other appointments , including a meeting with Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong . The lack of comment has fueled unsubstantiated rumors , including wild plot lines ranging from a car crash , to an assassination attempt . Others say Xi has been sidelined by a suspected heart attack or stroke , neither of which have been denied or confirmed . It is not unknown for Chinese leaders to suffer serious illnesses in secret . In April 1993 , Li Peng , the then premier , disappeared for six weeks after a heart attack . The foreign ministry said he had "  a cold " and confirmation that he had been treated in hospital did not come until this July . "  In most countries including in Asia , people are entitled to know the health of their leaders , but in China this is still regarded as state secrets , " Willy Lam , a longtime China watcher who teaches politics and history at universities in Hong Kong and Japan , told CNN Monday . During Xi 's absence , other Chinese leaders have made a number of high-profile appearances outside China . Hu has addressed APEC delegates in Vladivostok , Russia and China 's top legislator , Wu Bangguo , met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Tehran . China expert Linda Jakobsen , of the Lowy Institute for International Policy in Australia , says that the mere presence of a high-ranking official on foreign trips indicates that China 's leadership is not dealing with a crisis . "  If Xi was gravely ill or had encountered political problems , which would call into question his anointment as head of the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  at the upcoming Party Congress , senior leaders would not be traveling and the leadership would be convening in Beijing . That is standard CCP practice at a time of crisis , " she wrote in a recent column . In a matter of weeks , more than 2,000 delegates are expected to meet in Beijing for the Communist Party 's 18th National Congress . During their event , China 's political elite are expected to announce the results of months of political maneuvering , and the names of the five to seven new entrants to Politburo Standing Committee . "  The Chinese leadership is worried about social stability , " said David Zweig , a seasoned China observer and a professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  But nothing creates greater social instability than this kind of lack of information about the leadership . " Already , China 's leadership transition has been marred by extraordinary twists and turns . In April , Bo Xilai , once considered to be among party royalty and a fast-rising star within the party , was stripped of his leadership positions for an unspecified "  breach of party discipline . " He has not been seen publicly since . Disgraced Party chief looms large over China 's leadership Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was convicted last month of murdering Neil Heywood , a British businessman , and received a suspended death sentence . And Bo 's former police chief , Wang Lijun , whose attempt in February to seek asylum in a U.S. Consulate triggered the scandal , was charged last week with defection and bribe-taking . Wang is awaiting trial . Although most analysts agree the all-important 18th Communist Party Congress will be held in the middle of next month , though authorities have yet to confirm the date . "  More questions are now being asked about the transparency of Chinese politics since everything is in a black box , " said Lam . Observers say the official silence could also signal last-minute negotiations among senior political figures before they present a facade of unity to the public . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining a united front since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . "  Xi Jinping is already projected to be a weak leader because he does n't have a power base of his own , " said Lam , who predicted Hu will remain the head of the Chinese military for two to three years after relinquishing his party and state titles to Xi . "  Hu could be the ultimate winner here -- he will be the power behind the throne . "	Chinese media mentions Xi Jinping in statement of condolence Vice President Xi has n't been seen in public since September 1 Chinese officials have failed to comment on why he 's dropped from public view Xi is expected to replace Hu Jintao in the leadership transition later this year
CNN  -- The 5-year-old girl found the note tucked inside a plastic bag and left in a basket used as a flower pot . April Tinsley , 8 , abducted in Fort Wayne , Indiana , was raped and killed 21 years ago . The case was not solved . "  Hi Honey I Been watching you , " it said . "  I am the same person that kidnapped an Rape an kill Aproil tinsely here is a present foR yo you are my next vitem . " A used condom was stuffed in the bag alongside the note . It was March 2004 -- nearly 16 years after 8-year-old April Tinsley was abducted from a Fort Wayne , Indiana , neighborhood , raped and killed . Her killer remains at large , and police believe he has surfaced several times , scrawling a message in crayon on a barn in 1990 , then leaving four chilling notes for children in the Fort Wayne area years later . Indiana authorities are now asking an FBI task force -- the Child Abduction Response Deployment  CARD  team -- to help take a fresh look at the case . "  Investigators believe the case is ` highly solvable , ' and after 21 years , their desire to bring April Tinsley 's killer to justice is stronger than ever , " the FBI said . CARD teams were created three years ago , aimed at bringing together "  a variety of experts in child abduction cases who could quickly respond on the ground to help local authorities with time-sensitive investigations , " the FBI said . While CARD responds to abductions and disappearances , the team also works cold cases , like April 's , the agency said . "  As team members discovered , there is enough evidence -- including notes , pictures , and DNA left by the killer years after the murder -- to make investigators hopeful they can break the case . " The team includes behavioral profilers , agents and analysts from the FBI 's Crimes Against Children Unit and coordinators and representatives from the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime and the Violent Criminal Apprehension Program . April Marie Tinsley was playing outside with friends on Good Friday , April 1 , 1988 . As the three girls were moving from one friend 's home to another 's , the first-grader realized she had left her umbrella behind and went back to get it . She never returned . Her body was found three days later , in a ditch some 20 miles northeast of the Tinsley home . April 's body was clothed , but an autopsy showed she had been raped and suffocated . Two years later , a teenage boy called police to report a message scrawled in crayon and black marker on the front doors of a barn about 10 miles from April 's home . He never saw the writer , according to the TV program "  America 's Most Wanted , " which profiled the case in May , but each day noticed the print was getting darker and more pronounced . Although the message was hard to read , the person wrote he had killed April , and that he would kill again . Crayons were left behind at the scene , "  America 's Most Wanted " said on its Web site . Police attempted to conduct forensic analysis on them , but came up empty . Then , in spring 2004 , the four notes appeared at various Fort Wayne homes , several of them placed on bicycles that young girls had left in their yards . All the notes were written on lined yellow paper and placed inside plastic bags along with used condoms or Polaroids of the killer 's body , the FBI said . Several notes referred to April . Authorities have reason to believe the writer of the 1990 note also left the notes 14 years later , Fort Wayne police said . "  That tells us that the person 's still around , still out there , " said Fort Wayne police Capt. Paul Shrawder . "  It 's definitely very odd , " he added . "  Even the FBI is puzzled by the behavior , that the letters would come out so many years later and then nothing again . " DNA evidence was recovered from April 's body and from the condoms , Shrawder said . While police have no one to match it with at this point , "  things have been resubmitted and retested " as technological advances have been made , he said . The advantage of the CARD team , from a local police standpoint , is that members only work such cases , while "  we 're local -- we work on whatever happens here , " Shrawder said . The team has experience in such matters , and might look at new aspects , angles and possibilities that local authorities have n't thought of , he said . Federal investigators were deployed to Fort Wayne to work the Tinsley case earlier this month . After the "  America 's Most Wanted " profile and the renewed push , authorities received between 400 and 500 tips , Shrawder said . Some could be ruled out right away -- someone who had died between the murder and the 2004 notes , for instance , he said . DNA samples were taken on about 150 people . Police are still trying to run down about 50 or 75 tips , he said . "  That was the purpose , was to go out and run down every single one of these , no matter how vague it was . " Some of the authorities ' leads , according to the FBI , include identifying Fort Wayne residents who used Polaroids as late as 2004 ; tracking down a green paisley bedspread similar to that seen in one Polaroid ; and looking at misdemeanor offenses in the area near the time of April 's death and the 2004 note spree , as offenses like indecent exposure could indicate more serious sex crimes . In addition , the FBI has released a behavioral profile of Tinsley 's killer . Police believe he is a white male currently in his 40s or 50s who prefers and desires sexual contact with children , particularly little girls . "  This offender has demonstrated that he has strong ties to northeast Fort Wayne and Allen County , " the profile said . "  This is where he likely lives , works and/or shops . You may be standing next to him in line at the grocery store , sitting beside him in the pew at church , or working beside him on the production line . " Such profiles can be helpful in that they might spur local residents to tell police , "  You know , I always wondered about this one guy , " Shrawder said . To offer information on the Tinsley case , contact your local FBI office or Fort Wayne police at 866 602-7745 .	FBI task force considers girl 's slaying "  highly solvable " April Tinsley , 8 , was abducted in 1988 while walking home from a friend 's house Writer claimed responsibility for slaying in barn-door message in 1990 Four more notes , believed to have been written by the killer , surfaced in 2004
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Deposed Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi escaped house arrest in the country 's capital early Saturday and fled to the southern province of Aden , where he is expected to withdraw his resignation in a televised speech in the next 24 hours , two of his advisers said . Hadi , who had been under house arrest since he resigned under pressure from Houthi rebels in the capital , Sanaa , last month , fled with the help of forces loyal to him at about 4 a.m. , one of his advisers said on condition of anonymity . A senior Houthi official confirmed Hadi 's escape . Houthis are working to capture him in Aden , said that official , also speaking on condition of anonymity . Later Saturday , the news network Al Jazeera reported it received a paper statement from Hadi in Aden -- a statement in which he effectively declared himself to still be President . According to Al Jazeera , Hadi said all political decisions made since September 21 -- the start of what he called a Houthi coup -- are invalid . That would include his under-pressure resignation . Details about how Hadi slipped away from house arrest -- he had been under guard by Houthi security personnel -- were not immediately available . No fighting was reported in connection with his escape . Hadi intends to withdraw his resignation in a televised speech this weekend , two of his advisers said Saturday . "  President Hadi escaped from his residence after the Houthis arrested him and oppressed him and his family , " one of the advisers said on condition of anonymity . "  He is the constitutional president of Yemen , and he has the constitutional capacity to withdraw his resignation . " Such a move would further complicate the question of who runs the country . The capital has been held for weeks by the Houthis , a minority rebel group that holds sway in the nation 's north but has far less influence elsewhere . Hadi and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah resigned in January under Houthi pressure , a few months after the rebels entered the capital with guns blazing , demanding greater political influence . Houthis are Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni Muslim country . They had been at war with the central government for more than a decade , but their entry into Sanaa in September brought things to a head , sparking battles that left than 300 people dead before a ceasefire was agreed that month . Houthis then pressured Hadi and Bahah to step down last month after the pair refused to agree to certain political demands . The Houthis ' takeover of Sanaa stunned governments of Western nations , which , along with other countries , pulled out diplomatic staff this month . As part of an investigation into Hadi 's escape , Houthis on Saturday arrested dozens of their own security personnel who were responsible for watching him , the senior Houthi official said . Houthis arrested two people connected to Hadi -- his media secretary Yahya Al Arassi and Hadi 's private physician -- after his escape , one of Hadi 's advisers said . A senior official with a Sunni political party opposed to the Houthi takeover said that he backs Hadi 's claim to the presidency . "  Hadi 's withdrawal  of his resignation  would save the country and end the Houthi oppression of the Yemeni people , " said Mohammed Al Sabri , senior official of the Nasserite party . Houthis have been pressuring the parliament to formally accept Hadi 's resignation , a step that has not yet happened . Parliament will do no such thing , prominent lawmaker Abdu Al Huthafi , a Sunni Muslim , said Saturday . "  Hadi informed political alliances ... that he will withdraw his resignation in the right time , and that could be very soon , " Al Huthafi said . Before news of Hadi 's escape spread in Sanaa in the late morning , about 6,000 demonstrators marched in Sanaa 's streets against the Houthis . Anti-Houthi protests also took place in four other provinces -- Taiz , Ibb , Al Baitha and Dhammar -- protest organizers there said . There already had been resistance to the Houthis ' attempted takeover of national government institutions from different groups in Yemen , particularly in the south , where there 's a long-running secessionist movement . Also opposed to the Houthis are the Sunni terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , which exerts influence over many rural areas stretching from the country 's southwest to the northeast . AQAP vowed to attack Houthi loyalists nationwide last year . Yemen 's political turmoil could have an impact on the United States ' fight against AQAP . The United States has long had a relationship with Yemen 's leaders , working with them to target AQAP militants . It 's not clear what the Houthis ' takeover of Sanaa means for U.S. anti-terrorism efforts , but the drone program there still appears to be active . A U.S. drone strike killed senior AQAP cleric Harith bin Ghazi al-Nadhari and three other people in Shabwa province on January 31 . CNN 's Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen and Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta . Ed Payne , Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Deposed Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi escaped home at 4 a.m. Saturday , adviser says Hadi , who resigned last month under rebel pressure , expected to withdraw resignation this weekend Houthis arrest their own guards as part of investigation , as well as two Hadi associates , officials say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese table tennis player Zhuang Zedong , a key figure in what became known as the "  ping pong diplomacy " that helped thaw frosty Cold War relations between the United States and China , has died aged 73 , state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Zhuang 's chance meeting with a U.S. player was instrumental in Beijing 's decision to invite the American table tennis team for an exhibition match in 1971 . That match laid the groundwork for the visit of U.S. President Richard Nixon in 1972 and ultimately paved the way for the establishment of diplomatic ties in 1979 , ending China 's isolation from the outside world . Xinhua said that Zhuang , who was considered one of the best players in the world in the 1960s , had met U.S. table tennis player Glenn Cowan at a tournament in Japan . Cowan , a long-haired teenager , had jumped on the Chinese team 's bus after missing his own and Zhuang struck up a conversation through a translator -- a brave act given the constraints of China 's Cultural Revolution-era politics . "  We were all tense , " Zhuang told CNN in 2008 . "  Our team had been advised not to speak to Americans , not to shake their hands , and not to exchange gifts with them . "  I looked at him , thinking , ` he is not the one who makes national policies , he is just an athlete , an ordinary American ' , " he recalled . Zhuang gave the hippie-looking American a silk brocade as a gift . The next day , Cowan gave him a T-shirt emblazoned with a peace sign and the words "  LET IT BE . " Pictures of their encounter spread around the world , and , under the orders of Chinese leader Mao Zedong , the U.S. team was invited to visit China . During their visit , the U.S. announced the end of a 20-year trade embargo against the People 's Republic . Their journey turned out to be the first public move in a rapprochement between the two bitter enemies . Zhuang said he never thought his simple gesture of friendship would coin the phrase "  ping-pong diplomacy . " "  I had no idea what was going on , " he said . "  I did n't know what Chairman Mao was thinking . I was merely a ping-pong player . " Zhuang won three world championships and was a hero in table-tennis mad China . An innovative "  pen-hold " style propelled him to the top of his sport . He became China 's sports minister but fell victim to the power struggles that followed Mao 's death in 1976 and was detained for four years before being exiled to the provinces . Zhuang later returned to Beijing , where he coached table tennis to teenagers . According to Xinhua , Zhuang had been suffering from colon cancer since 2008 and died in a Beijing hospital on Sunday after developing liver and lung complications . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz in Beijing contributed to this report	Chinese table tennis legend Zhuang Zedong has died aged 73 He was key figure in "  ping pong diplomacy " that helped thaw ties between China , U.S. U.S.-China table tennis match led to 1972 visit by U.S. President Richard Nixon
CNN  -- The tiniest iPhone rumors can cause a big uproar . The latest : The blog TechCrunch on Wednesday published a story claiming the next-generation iPhone will have a new connection port that 's about a third the size of the one on the current model . The reaction on blogs and on Twitter has been largely negative , with commenters saying the new port -- used to charge the phone and connect it to other devices -- would render obsolete existing chargers and accessories such as speaker sets . "  Every other phone manufacturer decided back in 2008 to conform to the MicroUSB standard , and that 's been wonderful , " one commenter , identified as Scott Ableman , wrote on the TechCrunch story . "  But Apple wants people to feel they have to buy proprietary accessories from them . Do n't get me wrong . I respect them as marketers and profiteers . I just hate their contempt for me as a customer . " "  Are standards just too easy for Apple to use ? " asked Calob Horton , a writer for the blog Pocketables , which focuses on mobile technology . "  Does the company feel the need to create its own , proprietary hardware to feel special , more profitable or even more popular ? " He added : "  I understand the lust Apple has towards thinness and being able to cram more tech into a small package , but it can be achieved without its own port designs that can make the devices incompatible with other companies ' products . " Apple has n't announced whether or not it 's working on a new iPhone , much less confirmed specifications such as the type of dock that will be included , and the company did not respond immediately to CNN 's request for comment . Most observers expect Apple to introduce its next iPhone this fall since the current 4S model was launched last October and the company has a history of releasing upgraded phones each year . TechCrunch said its report is based on interviews with three independent manufacturers of Apple accessories that said the new iPhone will include a 19-pin dock instead of the current 30-pin model . In 2003 , Apple introduced the 30-pin dock connector on the third-generation iPod . Since then , the port has been a fixture at the bottom of Apple 's mobile devices , including the iPhone and iPad . The connection type is proprietary , meaning cords and accessories that use the 30-pin dock only work with Apple devices . Still , the dock has become "  insanely ubiquitous , " as Pocketables writes , to the point that it 's almost a standard of its own . It 's unclear if the new dock will be another only-Apple standard . Writing for the site ZDNet , Jason D. O'Grady said the new port "  presumably " adheres to the Micro USB standard , which is used on most other mobile phones . If that 's the case , he said , the switch could have all kinds of advantages , including saving consumers money  a 30-pin cord from Apple costs $ 19 ; Micro USB cords start at less than $ 1  and making it easier for Apple to comply with a European law that requires Micro USB ports on new mobile phones .  Apple gets around this by selling an adapter in Europe . Either way , if the Apple standard changes , iPhone owners may be left , as @shmidtb writes on Twitter , with "  a bunch of worthless cords " on their hands . What do you think ? Would you welcome a new connector format ? Let us know in the comments .	The next-generation iPhone will have a smaller connection port , according to a report A different-size port would mean existing iPhone charging cords wo n't work on new model Such a switch could save customers money if Apple switches to a standard port size
CNN  -- Clipped wings no more , the Blue Angels are soaring again . The blue and gold jets are returning to the sky after being grounded much of last year because of forced spending cuts . The U.S. Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron kicked off the 2014 air show season with its first show Saturday , March 15 , at Naval Air Facility El Centro in California . The nation 's best military fliers halted their iconic aerobatic performances in April 2013 . But aerospace and military fans are rejoicing as the Blue Angels return this year for more dynamic aerial demonstrations . The team is scheduled for 68 performances at 35 locations between now and November 8 .	The U.S. Navy 's Blue Angels are back after being grounded last year Federal forced spending cuts led to cancellations Their first performance was on March 15 in California
CNN  -- A third soldier who signed on to a 2007 newspaper column criticizing the war in Iraq has died . His peers are mourning their friend as an "  outstanding soldier " with "  a thirst for knowledge and intellectual curiosity . " Spc. Jeremy Roebuck , 23 , of Splendora , Texas , died from injuries after a January 28 automobile accident near Fort Bragg , North Carolina . The paratrooper was an assistant team leader with 1st Squadron , 73rd Cavalry Regiment , 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division , according to a news release issued by the military . A relative confirmed that he was one of the people to sign an August 19 , 2007 , opinion article in The New York Times that called the prospects of U.S. success in Iraq "  far-fetched " and said the progress being reported was offset by failures elsewhere . Seven soldiers , members of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division , based at Fort Bragg , signed the column . In September 2007 , two of the other U.S. soldiers who signed the piece were killed in a truck accident outside Baghdad , Staff Sgt. Yance Gray and Sgt. Omar Mora . As for Roebuck , he reported to Fort Bragg in November 2004 and was initially assigned to 3rd Brigade Combat Team before being assigned to 1st Squadron , 73rd Cavalry Regiment as an assistant team leader in November 2005 . He deployed to Iraq in 2006 , the military said . "  Spc. Roebuck was an outstanding soldier who was respected by both his peers and his superiors alike . He had proven himself in combat on the front lines in Iraq and had established himself as an upcoming leader in the unit . He was a good man and will be profoundly missed by the men of C Troop , " said Capt. Jon Hartsock , commander of C Troop , 1st Squadron , 73rd Cavalry Regiment . Named as a sergeant in The Times article , Roebuck was listed at the lower rank of specialist when he died . A military spokesman would not elaborate on the circumstances involving his rank . The Times column said , "  Four years into our occupation , we have failed on every promise , while we have substituted Baath Party tyranny with a tyranny of Islamist , militia and criminal violence . "  When the primary preoccupation of average Iraqis is when and how they are likely to be killed , we can hardly feel smug as we hand out care packages , " it said . Another of the soldiers who signed the article , Staff Sgt. Jeremy Murphy , was shot in the head a week before the article appeared , but survived . The military , in its news release on the death , said Roebuck 's friends remember him as "  a rare and gifted soldier . " He received many awards and decorations . "  Spc. Roebuck is known throughout the troop for his consistent displays of courage and determination in 16 months of combat , " Sgt. Buddhika Jayamaha said , "  but he is also known for his thirst for knowledge and intellectual curiosity . " Sgt. Buddhika Jayamaha is one of the seven names on The Times article .	Spc. Jeremy Roebuck , 23 , was injured last month near Fort Bragg Relative says he was one of seven soldiers calling success in Iraq "  far-fetched " Two other soldiers who signed The New York Times piece died in 2007 Sergeant says Roebuck known for "  thirst for knowledge and intellectual curiosity "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- His demonic face has stared maniacally from the cover of every Iron Maiden album since they released their first LP in 1980 . Derek Riggs ' favorite image of Eddie , as a clairvoyant , "  because it 's so completely manic . " Edward T. Head , better known as Eddie , is a former theater mask who over 30 years has grown a body and morphed into the most recognized member of the band . In the Seventies , he was skull that sat above the drummer . "  It had flashing red eyes and it would spew out this funny stuff and fake blood all over him , " recalls drummer Nicko McBrain . When Iron Maiden released their first album in 1980 there was no doubt who would be on the cover -- Eddie , as drawn by British artist Derek Riggs . Here , he tells Revealed about the ghoul who made him famous . When you started drawing Eddie back in the 1970s did you ever imagine he 'd become such a high-profile character , much-loved by Maiden fans ? See Eddie on stage " Derek Riggs : As soon as I had finished painting the first picture of Eddie I sat back in the chair and thought "  that picture is going to make me rich and famous " ... and then I thought "  do n't be silly " and went off to get a coffee . I showed the picture to my artist 's agent who gave it back to me with a grimace and said "  we do n't think that picture is very commercial . " I started showing my portfolio to the art directors of record companies who usually drew back in horror as soon as they saw it , one time an art director threw me out of his office because he did n't think it was a proper rock album cover . He pointed to a picture on the wall which was his idea of a rock album cover -- it was an airbrush drawing of a waitress in a short skirt bending over so you could see her knickers . Another record company art director suggested I go and get my hair cut and paint more normal things because I looked "  like a weirdo , or a mental case " , and I should n't go around painting things like that and I should get therapy . The picture was unclaimed for a year and a half before Maiden asked to see my portfolio , I gathered things together and thought whether I should take it along as well because it had caused me nothing but grief so far , I kind of thought "  oh well " and stuck it in anyway . So now I am a bit famous but still not rich ... This story , and many others are covered at greater length in my book "  Run for Cover , the Art of Derek Riggs . " which is available exclusively from my Web site ; derekriggs.com it also contains a lot of nice and nasty pictures . Do you feel a personal connection to Eddie , like he 's your creation , almost your child ? At times have you felt like a proud parent ? Derek Riggs : I am not Eddie 's parent , it 's just a picture that I did one day and then kind of got stuck with . I never intended to be painting the bloody thing for twenty years . I did n't even want to paint horror , I was always more interested in science fiction but I could n't paint the silly looking space ships . I used to paint really weird space ships  they 're made by aliens are n't they ?  and then the art directors would point to something painted by someone else and say "  spaceships do n't look like this ... they look like that " I soon realized that sci-fi illustration was n't as creative or original as it looked from the outside . So I went off to try to do some album covers instead . Where did the inspiration come from for Eddie 's various guises ? Derek Riggs : The various looks of Eddie are often derived from the direction that the band wants to go in at the time . One year it was Egyptian , another year it was sci-fi , and so on . Usually the details of what came after was my doing . They just gave me a direction and then let me run with it . Most of the time the rest of the content was my idea , although sometimes they would have ideas for the actual content of a painting , like the piece of mind cover , which was Steve 's idea . A lot of the other stuff , the detail and such , I used to make up as I went along . Sometimes I just got bored and changed him anyway , for something to do . What 's your favorite depiction of Eddie and why ? Derek Riggs : I like the clairvoyant because it 's so completely manic . I did n't plan it like that , the song was about clairvoyance  seeing into the future .  I started out with an idea for something like the Roman God Janus who I think had two faces , and then I gave him three faces  past , present and future  but I could n't reconcile his face when his mouth was open , so in desperation I rubbed out the bits between his lower and upper jaw  his cheeks  and it looked so mad that I left it like that . You 've been quoted as saying that the design for Eddie was based on footage of a decapitated head you saw on a television documentary about the Battle of Guadalcanal in WW2 . Is that correct ? Derek Riggs : No , that is complete rubbish . I have not been quoted as saying that because I never said anything like it . It 's a complete misquote . Also , from a factual point of view it 's completely wrong . I wanted to paint a picture of a decaying , semi-skeletal figure in the streets of London . I needed some source material to draw from because I did n't really know how a human head decays . Then I remembered a photo-collage I had done in the 1970 's when I was at school . Part of it was a photograph of a decaying head which had been stuck onto a tank . It came from Time magazine and it was captioned as being an American soldier 's head which had been stuck onto a Vietnamese tank . Many years later I found the same picture in a collection of Time Photos . There it was captioned as being an English soldier 's head stuck onto a Nazi tank . So now I kind of doubt that it was anything but a bit of war propaganda . Anyway , I used that picture as reference for painting the monsters head . Eddie was not inspired by the photo ; I used the photo as reference for the painting . The painting was inspired by the English punk rock movement in the late 1970 's . They had this kind of street philosophy about the youth of the time being wasted and thrown onto the garbage . It was an attempt to depict that idea visually . But I could n't sell it to the punks , it scared them too much . Do you think he 's aged well ? Is the Eddie of today as powerful and compelling as those past ? Derek Riggs : Only the ones which I paint . The ones by other people are a bit lame . They all talk like they can paint but when it comes down to it they fail . This is because they talk the talk , but I am the only one who can walk the walk . I have walked all the way out there and all the way back again and I 'm still standing  but only just , and my feet are quite sore  . My pictures have sold more merchandise than Walt Disney . One for one Eddie outsells Mickey Mouse . I have sold more posters than the U.S. president in an election year . A lot of the "  original " fantasy ideas you see in the movies and on TV have been stolen directly from my Web site and my published works . I thought it up and someone else just stole it . I do get a bit tired of seeing my ideas used by other people who have no creativity of their own , just a big movie budget . Hey , give ME the big movie budget and see what happens . And stop pilfering from my Web site . Thieves . What is Eddie like , as a ghoul ? Have you assigned a personality to him ? Derek Riggs : Look , Eddie is a painting . He does n't have a personality , he does n't eat , does n't sleep , does n't growl or bite . He does n't believe in anything , he is not for anything or against anything . He is a painting ... OK ? What are some of the greatest misconceptions about Eddie ? Derek Riggs : That he is a real person with a personality . That somehow I am like that , he is my alter ego . Well , he is n't . He is just a painting that I did one day and I kind of got stuck with . He kind of follows me around like Frankenstein 's monster . And you think you 've got trouble with stalkers . You stopped working for Iron Maiden some time ago . Was it hard letting go of your creation ? Derek Riggs : No , by the time I stopped working for Maiden I had had enough of painting Eddie anyway . I really wanted to do something else . I could have made a big fuss about the rights to the character but I did n't want to paint him any more and I could n't use him for anything much anyway . Also , he was a part of Maiden 's core business and it is not in my nature to do people damage in that way . So I put him down and walked away . I do a lot of walking . I have done a couple of pictures for them recently ; they seem to be well received by the fans , so we 'll see how things go from here . More walking I guess .	British artist Derek Riggs brought Eddie to life on Iron Maiden 's album covers Early on , Riggs was told he looked like a "  weirdo " who should seek therapy He reveals the true inspiration for Eddie , and how he 's changed over the years Riggs on Eddie : "  He kind of follows me around like Frankenstein 's monster "
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has captured seven suspected pirates in the Gulf of Aden , the first arrests by a U.S.-led task force set up to curb rampant piracy off the Horn of Africa , a Navy spokesman said Wednesday . Seven men suspected of trying to pirate a tanker raise their hands before their arrest in the Gulf of Aden . Sailors from the cruiser USS Vella Gulf arrested the men Wednesday in the western Gulf of Aden -- a waterway between Africa and the Middle East -- after a distress call from the 420-foot  128-meter  tanker Polaris . The tanker reported that men aboard a small skiff were attempting to board the ship using ladders , but its crew removed them before the would-be hijackers could get aboard , the Navy said . The Vella Gulf found and boarded the skiff , and the tanker 's crew identified the men aboard the skiff as their would-be hijackers . The skiff 's men were taken aboard the Vella Gulf , the flagship of the task force now patrolling the western Gulf of Aden , and eventually will be transferred to Kenya for trial , said Lt. Nate Christensen , a spokesman for the U.S. 5th Fleet . Piracy has become a chronic problem off the Horn of Africa in recent years , with some pirates operating from largely lawless Somalia . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The task force led by the Vella Gulf was set up in January in an effort to clamp down on the attacks in the region , the southern approach to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .	Seven men captured after failed attack on ship , U.S. Navy says Men tried to board tanker from skiff , but crew removed ladders , Navy says Navy cruiser found skiff after tanker made distress call Cruiser was patrolling Gulf of Aden as part of U.S.-led , antipiracy task force
CNN  -- As a young art graduate , Bharti Kher went to India intending to spend six months traveling . More than two decades later , she is still there and has become one of the country 's most successful artists . Kher , who is based in Delhi , has exhibited her contemporary work -- from paintings to sculptures -- all around the world . Much of her work is based around bindis , the forehead decorations worn by South Asian women . "  The bindis now for me have become a material , " she said . "  I took the material , I repeated it again and again and again . I made it mine . I can use them like an alchemist would use or to create something that I do n't really know what 's going to happen with . " Kher was born in London to Indian parents and grew up in a middle-class suburb , only visiting her parents ' homeland once , aged four . She went to art school -- a rarity in her British Asian community -- graduating in 1992 . "  All my cousins , friends , the people that we knew growing up as Asians are all doctors , accountants , lawyers , " said Kher . "  This is what Asian children did . If you were first generation in the UK , you had to be a professional . "  I think people were very surprised when we said we 're going to art school . I did and so did my sister . " Kher wanted to travel when she graduated and said she chose between New York and New Delhi with a toss of a coin . "  I had no intention of staying in India , " she said . "  I just thought I 'm going to travel around the country . " After turning up at New Delhi railway station , Kher then discovered she was too afraid to travel the country alone . "  I was so very flabbergasted when I first came to India , " she said . "  My eyes were wide open , but it was like I was blind . Culturally , it was a massive shock for me . I did n't speak Hindi very well at all . " After two weeks in India , Kher met her husband -- Subodh Gupta , now also a well-known artist -- and never left . The couple now have two children , Lola and Omi . "  That 's how we fell in love . I 've been here since , " said Kher . She added : "  The first 10 or 15 years were really were very hard like any practicing artist now . To decide to be an artist takes a lot of courage because there are years of rejection and a lot of loneliness . "  To be able to believe in your work when nobody 's even looking at it takes real stubbornness . Because we had each other , really would support each other . " As two well-known artists living together , Kher said she and Gupta often compete with each other . "  We do compete ,  healthily or unhealthily  sometimes , " she said . "  I think the crux of our relationship is art because this is something we are both extremely passionate about . " Kher said her career began to take off in 2006 when she made a model of an elephant . "  People started to look and say ` It 's grand . It 's on a scale , ' and I think formally it was very successful . "  It was really the first time people were asking ` Who is this person ? Who is this artist ? Where is she from ? When did you make the work ? ' " In 2007 , Kher had her first solo exhibition at a major international gallery , Jack Shainman Gallery in New York . "  I had suddenly got into my mojo , " she said . In the past year , she has had solo exhibitions in London , New York , Hong Kong and New Delhi . When Kher began to work in India , she said there was virtually no art scene , and that even now it 's only just beginning to take off . "  India still has n't been  unpacked  yet , and I think it 's about to begin now , " she said . "  There 's a lot of really interesting work here and a lot of really good artists in India . I just hope within our lifetime people realize that culture is really an important part of society . " Kher hopes she continue to contribute to that culture for many years to come . "  When people go away from my work , I want them to go away with questions . Why did the artist make this ? What is it about ? Is there contradiction ? "  I think almost every single piece that I 've ever made carries a degree of contradiction between the form and what it 's saying , between beauty and terror or the macabre . " Kher 's solo show , "  Bind the dream state to your waking life , " will be at Nature Morte , New Delhi , until February 16 .	Bharti Kher was raised in England , but has become one of India 's leading artists She traveled to New Delhi on the toss of a coin , but has stayed ever since Much of her work uses bindis , the forehead decoration worn by Indian women
Washington  CNN  -- A JetBlue pilot arrested after an apparent meltdown aboard a March flight has been found not guilty by reason of insanity . A federal judge in Amarillo , Texas , made the determination Tuesday after a psychologist testified that pilot Clayton Frederick Osbon "  suffered from a severe mental disease or defect that impaired his ability " to understand his actions . Judge Mary Lou Robinson found that Osbon committed the offense of interfering with a flight crew , but she judged him to be not guilty by reason of insanity and ordered him to be held pending further examination . Osbon was ordered immediately transported to a "  low-security " federal prison in Fort Worth , Texas . Pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards "  We do n't have a comment . We are going to let the process play out . We continue to support Osbon and his family , " said Alison Croyle , a JetBlue Airways spokeswoman . Osbon , 49 , was charged following a March 27 incident on a JetBlue flight from New York to Las Vegas . Early in that flight , the plane 's co-pilot became concerned about Osbon 's bizarre behavior , according to an FBI affidavit . As the Airbus A-320 was climbing out of New York 's Kennedy International Airport , Osbon talked about his church and needing to "  focus , " the affidavit says . He then told the co-pilot to take the controls and to work the radio , and began talking about religion , making statements that were incoherent , it says . The co-pilot became further concerned when Osbon said "  things just do n't matter " and when he yelled over the radio to air traffic controllers . At one point , Osbon said "  We 're not going to Vegas . " Concerned by Osbon 's erratic behavior , the co-pilot suggested that they invite an off-duty JetBlue captain into the cockpit . Instead , Osbon "  abruptly left the cockpit to go to the forward lavatory , " the affidavit said . The co-pilot used the opportunity to get the off-duty pilot into the cockpit and lock the door . When Osbon tried to enter his code into the cockpit door , the co-pilot announced over the public address system an order to restrain Osbon . Several passengers brought Osbon down , according to the affidavit and to passengers on the plane . The flight was diverted to Amarillo , where it landed safely with the passengers still restraining Osbon . Previously on CNN.com : Investigators get voice recorder from JetBlue flight Opinion : JetBlue passengers reacted . Would you ? JetBlue pilot charged for meltdown goes to court Judge orders psychiatric exam for JetBlue pilot JetBlue pilot to use insanity defense JetBlue pilot ruled fit to stand trial CNN 's Bill Mears and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Judge found the pilot had committed the offense of interfering with a flight crew She judged him not guilty by reason of insanity ; he was taken to a low-security prison Clayton Frederick Osbon began behaving erratically during a March 27 flight He was restrained by passengers and the flight was diverted to Amarillo , Texas
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England , Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote . By 55 % to 45 % , a majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation . Shortly afterward , Alex Salmond , the Scottish first minister and leader of the pro-independence Scottish National Party , announced his resignation from both posts , effective in November . Salmond said he was proud of the campaign for independence , and that now was the time to hold the UK leadership to its promises of shifting more autonomy to Scotland . "  We now have the opportunity to hold Westminster 's feet to the fire on the ` vow ' that they have made to devolve further meaningful power to Scotland , " he said in a statement . "  This places Scotland in a very strong position . " UK Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed Scotland 's decision in a televised statement outside 10 Downing Street , saying it was a clear result . "  Like millions of other people , I am delighted , " he said . Cameron said he would have been heartbroken to see the United Kingdom broken up -- but paid tribute to the efforts of both sides in the campaign . "  We hear you , " he said to those who voted for independence , adding this was an opportunity to change the way people in the United Kingdom are governed , and "  change it for the better . " His government has delivered on devolution in the past and will deliver on it again , Cameron said . A "  new and fair settlement " will be created for Scotland and for the other countries of the United Kingdom , he said . Salmond accepted defeat in an earlier televised statement -- and urged the rest of the pro-independence camp to do the same . He thanked Scotland "  for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence " and said the turnout -- which electoral officials said was 84.6 % from an electorate of more than 4.2 million -- was one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote . Queen Elizabeth II said the outcome of the vote will be met with a range of emotions , but was hopeful "  that these emotions will be tempered by an understanding of the feelings of others . " "  Now , as we move forward , we should remember that despite the range of views that have been expressed , we have in common an enduring love of Scotland , which is one of the things that helps to unite us all , " the Queen said in a statement . Sigh of relief The final result in the referendum was 1,617,989 votes in favor of independence from the United Kingdom to 2,001,926 against . This means the pro-union camp won by a margin of 55.25 % of the vote to 44.65 % -- a much wider gap than opinion polls in the final days leading up to the vote had suggested . The result means the main political parties in Westminster -- and many people across the United Kingdom and Scotland -- can breathe a collective sigh of relief that the threat of a breakup of a centuries-old union is over . However , many on the "  Yes " side will be bitterly disappointed . The referendum was closely watched around the world , particularly in nations like Spain , whose Catalonia province is home to a vocal independence movement . U.S. President Barack Obama welcomed the result and praised the Scots "  for their full and energetic exercise of democracy . " "  Through debate , discussion , and passionate yet peaceful deliberations , they reminded the world of Scotland 's enormous contributions to the UK and the world , " Obama said in a statement Friday morning . "  We have no closer ally than the United Kingdom , and we look forward to continuing our strong and special relationship with all the people of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as we address the challenges facing the world today . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen also welcomed the news that the United Kingdom , a key member of the defense bloc , would remain united . Investors liked what they saw . The pound was firm against the U.S. dollar and the euro , after recovering much of the ground lost earlier this month when surveys suggested Scotland was on the brink of abandoning the union . Stock markets also rose , with shares in Scottish companies doing particularly well . Darling : ` Unity over division ' Salmond , who heads the governing Scottish National Party , hailed the political engagement seen in Scotland during the campaign and appealed for unity going forward . "  Today of all days , as we bring Scotland together , let us not dwell on the distance we have fallen short . Let us dwell on the distance we have traveled and have confidence that a movement is abroad in Scotland that will take this nation forward , and we shall go forward as one nation , " he said . Salmond has previously said that if the "  Yes " campaign lost the referendum there would not be another vote on independence in a generation . Labour lawmaker Alistair Darling , who led the pro-union campaign in the Scottish referendum , hailed the result Friday but said that the message that the people of Scotland want change must be heard . "  The people of Scotland have spoken , " he said . "  We have chosen unity over division and positive change rather than needless separation . "  Today is a momentous result for Scotland and also for the United Kingdom as a whole -- by confirming our place within the union we reaffirm all that we have in common and the bonds that tie us together . Let them never be broken . " He gave a commitment that the political changes promised by the Westminster parties -- involving the devolution of more powers to Scotland -- would be kept . Darling also called for the country to unify after debate that "  has created some fairly deep divisions in our country , " and a campaign "  that has both energized but at times divided " the Scottish people . "  Those divisions now need to be addressed and that requires leadership , " he said , promising to play his part . Scottish teens face historic vote Clegg : Radical package of powers Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , whose Liberal Democrats are in a coalition government with Cameron 's Conservatives , said he was "  absolutely delighted " by the result . "  But a vote against independence was clearly not a vote against change and we must now deliver on time and in full the radical package of newly devolved powers to Scotland , " he said . "  At the same time , this referendum north of the border has led to demand for constitutional reform across the United Kingdom as people south of the border also want more control and freedom in their own hands rather than power being hoarded in Westminster . " Labour Party leader Ed Miliband also hailed a "  historic achievement " in keeping the union together . He promised change across the United Kingdom in a speech to supporters in which he looked forward to the general election battle due next May . The first of the 32 councils to declare all went to the "  No " campaign , as did the capital , Edinburgh , which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union . Fife and Aberdeenshire also voted "  No . " Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp but the lead was not big enough to overturn the "  No " camp 's overall majority . Dundee , North Lanarkshire and West Dunbartonshire were the only other councils to vote "  Yes . " Political fallout Scotland has had a devolved government since 1999 , meaning many , but not all , decisions are made at the Scottish Parliament in Holyrood , Edinburgh . As opinion polls showed the lead held by the "  no " vote shrinking fast in the days leading up to the referendum , the leaders of all three main parties in Westminster responded with the promise to give major new powers over tax , spending and social welfare to Scotland if it stuck with the United Kingdom . Now the party leaders face the challenge of pushing those changes through a possibly rebellious Parliament on a tight timetable . The process of handing over those new powers will start from Friday , Cameron said in a speech in Aberdeen earlier this week , with draft legislation expected as soon as January . "  This is a timetable that is now agreed by all the main political parties and set in stone and I am prepared to work with all the main parties to deliver this during 2015 , " he said . Although Scotland has chosen to stick with the union -- staving off potential calls for his resignation -- Cameron will still face political fallout over the vote . Critics have accused him of complacency during the long months of campaigning when Salmond 's "  Yes Scotland " campaign was laying the groundwork for its late surge . Cameron 's longtime Labour rival , former Prime Minister Gordon Brown , is credited by many with bringing the vital energy that eventually carried a lackluster "  No " campaign to victory . Critics have also accused Cameron and the other main party leaders of giving away too much in a last-ditch effort to keep Scottish voters on board . It remains to be seen how the promise to give greater powers also to England , Wales and Northern Ireland will be borne out . Cameron will also likely face difficult questions over his own leadership in the run-up to a general election due to take place next May .	Queen says she hopes "  emotions will be tempered " by understanding Final results give pro-union camp 55 % of the vote to 45 % for independence camp Scottish first minister , who also leads pro-independence party , to resign both posts "  We hear you , " Prime Minister David Cameron says , vows to change UK for the better
CNN  -- Vin Diesel has shared an "  emotional and bittersweet " peek at "  Fast & Furious 7 . " On his Facebook page Tuesday , the actor updated fans on the upcoming "  Fast & Furious 7 " trailer and shared a promotional photo that features Diesel 's late co-star , Paul Walker . Walker , 40 , died in a car crash in November , in the midst of filming for "  Fast & Furious 7 . " Coroner : Car carrying Paul Walker going 100-plus mph In the aftermath of his death , Universal decided to go forward with production and relied on Walker 's brothers to help "  fill in small gaps " in some action scenes . Walker starred in the fast-car movies as Brian O'Conner since the franchise 's inception in 2001 . Now , with "  Fast & Furious 7 " on track for a 2015 release , studio Universal is at work on the movie 's trailer . "  Universal came to visit , to show the trailer for FF7 ... Speechless , " Diesel posted to Facebook . "  Yeah , it was that INCREDIBLE ! " Paul Walker 's brothers help finish ` Fast & Furious 7 ' action scenes "  I must also say that it was emotional and bittersweet , " Diesel continued . "  We all went above and beyond to make Pablo proud , but man , I wish he could see what we have created and just how far we have come . " "  Fast & Furious 7 , " which also stars Jason Statham , Michelle Rodriguez , Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson and Jordana Brewster , will open April 3 .	Vin Diesel shared a "  Fast & Furious 7 " update on Facebook The actor said the upcoming trailer left him "  speechless " He also shared a promotional still including the late Paul Walker
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When Ontario , California , Police Sgt. Jeff Quon used his city-issued text messaging pager to exchange hundreds of personal messages , some of a "  sexually explicit " nature , did he have a right to expect those messages would be kept private ? The Supreme Court decided Monday that it will determine whether a police officer has a "  reasonable expectation " of privacy on his official wireless two-way text-messaging pager . The justices accepted a pair of appeals on this free-speech and privacy dispute , and will hear oral arguments in the spring . At issue is how far a government employer may go to monitor the private communications of its workers when they believe that the use of such equipment is being abused . And the court will explore whether service providers can be held liable for providing those communications without the consent of the sender . Courts have said that private communications -- even when delivered or transmitted through a public portal -- are generally protected from "  unreasonable search and seizure , " such as handwritten letters sent in sealed envelopes through the U.S. Postal Service . The department has a "  Computer Usage , Internet and E-mail Policy " that gives workers only limited use for personal communications . Quon signed a statement acknowledging that "  use of these tools for personal benefit is a significant violation of City of Ontario Policy " and that "  users should have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality when using these resources . " Quon , a SWAT team sergeant , claimed that he was unaware the city 's overall policy applied to the department and said there was an "  informal policy -LSB- that -RSB- allowed officers to maintain their privacy in their text messages as long as they paid the overage charges . " The city 's contract with Arch Wireless , now known as USA Mobility , allowed for a 25,000-character limit per month , per device , before overage charges kicked in . Quon acknowledged that he exceeded the limit at least several times and paid the extra charges out of his personal funds , as required by his bosses . Both sides agree that Quon 's supervisor grew "  tired of being a bill collector " of his text-happy officers , and the chief of police ordered a review of the pager transcripts for the two officers with the highest overage , one of whom was Quon . Officials claimed in court that the review was done only "  to determine whether the city 's monthly character limit was insufficient to cover business-related messages . " It was only in reading the transcripts voluntarily provided by Arch Wireless from its electronic archives that the often-racy messages to his wife , his girlfriend and a fellow officer were revealed , prompting an internal department investigation . A review of one month found that Quon had sent and received 456 personal messages while on duty , an average of 28 per shift , and only three were deemed work-related . A federal court judge characterized many of the messages as not "  light personal communications , " as defined in the policy as generally acceptable , but words that were , "  to say the least , sexually explicit in nature . " Quon sued the wireless company and the city for invasion of privacy . That suit and any possible disciplinary action against the officer has been put on hold pending resolution of the larger legal questions . A federal appeals court had ruled for Quon . Because "  the -LSB- police -RSB- department opted to review the contents of all the messages , work-related and personal , without the consent of Quon , we held that the search was excessively intrusive in light of the noninvestigatory object of the search , " wrote the three-judge panel . This case deals within the context only of government employees , and legal and technology experts are divided over its application in the private sector , where employees may enjoy less constitutional protection . The city of Ontario is in San Bernardino County , about 37 miles east of Los Angeles . The case is USA Mobility Wireless Inc. v. Quon  08-1332  . • Also Monday , the Supreme Court , as expected , dismissed another challenge from several former Guantanamo Bay detainees over their claims of torture and religious discrimination . Four British men , all Muslims and onetime prisoners at the U.S. military prison in Cuba , had sued former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials , saying they knew of and condoned physical abuse and denial of rights guaranteed under international law . A federal appeals court had rejected a lawsuit -- the second one filed by the men -- saying the officials had immunity from such claims . But in June 2008 , the Supreme Court allowed Guantanamo prisoners to challenge their captivity in federal court , and a year ago , the justices urged the lower court to reconsider its decision against the British detainees . In the government filing this fall , Solicitor General Elena Kagan told the high court to exercise caution in granting what she called "  new rights " to detained foreign fighters suing for damages in a military setting . The high court , she noted , had previously told lower courts "  to pay particular heed to any special factors counseling hesitation before authorizing a new kind of federal litigation . " The prisoners alleged that their captors beat them , confined them in painful stress positions and used dogs to intimidate the Muslim men during a period from 2002-04 . They also claim being forced to shave their beards and being denied prayer mats and religious texts . One foreign fighter suspect also claimed that a military guard threw a copy of the Quran in a toilet , a major insult to the Islamic faith . The case is Rasul v. Myers  09-227  .	Supreme Court will hear two appeals regarding messages on government work devices Privacy dispute centers on police officer who sent "  sexually explicit " messages on the job Police officer sued city and wireless company for invasion of privacy Justices also dismissed claims by former Guantanamo detainees
Washington  CNN  -- Colin Powell , the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former secretary of state , has come out in favor of eventually repealing the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gay and lesbian service members . "  In the almost seventeen years since the ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' legislation was passed , attitudes and circumstances have changed , " Powell said in a statement released by his office Wednesday . Powell added that he believes the ultimate decision about the policy should be made by President Obama , the nation 's commander in chief ; the military 's top brass ; and Congress . "  I fully support the new approach presented to the Senate Armed Services Committee this week by Secretary of Defense Gates and Admiral Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . I will be closely following future hearings , the views of the Service Chiefs and the implementation work being done by the Department of Defense , " Powell said . Appearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday , Gates and Mullen said the military is preparing for a repeal of the policy . Mullen told senators it is his "  personal belief " that "  allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly -LSB- in the military -RSB- would be the right thing to do . " "  The question before us is not whether the military prepares to make this change , but how we best prepare for it , " Gates told senators Tuesday . "  We have received our orders from the commander in chief , and we are moving out accordingly . " The ultimate decision about repealing the policy rests with Capitol Hill . Last week , during his first State of the Union address , Obama called on Congress to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The Human Rights Campaign , a civil rights group working to achieve equality for lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgender people , hailed Powell 's stance . "  General Powell has made clear that his position is about effectiveness in the military , " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solomonese said . "  His powerful voice for ending ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is a tipping point in favor of the brave men and women who are serving our nation in silence . The support of respected present and former military leaders brings us closer to repeal , signaling that we 're moving forward and will get there soon . " Solomonese asked opponents of the repeal what they know that Powell , Gates and Mullen do n't know . "  The truth is that there are no more excuses , the death knell for ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' has been rung and now is the moment to send this law into the history books where it belongs . "	Powell was George W. Bush 's secretary of state , Bill Clinton 's Joint Chiefs chairman Powell says he supports Obama administration 's approach to possibly ending the policy The Human Rights Campaign praised Powell 's stance on ending "  do n't ask , do n't tell "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama weighed in Thursday on the conflict between Israel and Hamas , urging Israel to open Gaza border crossings and telling the Islamic fundamentalist organization to stop rocket fire into the Jewish state . President Obama called on both Israel and Hamas to make changes toward Mideast peace . He urged Israel to allow the flow of aid and commerce into the Palestinian territory . "  Our hearts go out to Palestinian civilians who are in need of immediate food , clean water and basic medical care , " he said . The crossings should be opened with an "  appropriate monitoring , " he added . Obama said Hamas leaders , for their part , must put an end to rocket attacks . He said he will send former Sen. George Mitchell , who was appointed Thursday as special envoy for Middle East peace , to the region as soon as possible . Earlier , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived at her new office in the State Department , promising a renewed emphasis on candor and "  robust diplomacy " as the primary means for advancing American interests around the world . America 's new chief diplomat walked through the front doors of the State Department lobby shortly after 9 a.m. ET to thunderous applause from an overflow crowd of about 1,000 career diplomats and other department employees . "  I believe with all of my heart that this is a new era for America , " Clinton told her colleagues . "  President Obama set the tone with his inaugural address . ... Robust diplomacy and effective development are the best long-term tools for securing America 's future . " Watch Clinton greet her new employees " In remarks that could be interpreted as a rebuke of the departed Bush administration , Clinton also said that the Obama administration would not "  tolerate the divisiveness and paralysis that has undermined our ability to get things done for America . " Clinton also called for a new sense of candor and free exchange of ideas . She urged the country 's diplomatic corps to think "  outside the proverbial box . " "  There 's nothing I welcome more than a good debate and the kind of dialogue that will make us better , " she said . Clinton later attended an intelligence briefing and a meeting with members of the Diplomatic Security Service . She also walked through various State Department offices , including the operations center . Clinton also phoned international leaders , according to acting State Department spokesman Robert Wood . She is expected to call Asian leaders later Thursday . Clinton will also visit the U.S. Agency for International Development , which she praised "  for the work they 've done on behalf of development through some very difficult years . " During her confirmation hearing , Clinton pledged to secure more resources for the State Department and USAID , which has seen a lot of its development work fall to the Pentagon during the Bush administration . Clinton is the 67th U.S. secretary of state . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama urges Israel to open Gaza border crossings Hillary Clinton receives intelligence briefing on first day at State Clinton greets employees at the State Department Clinton was confirmed as secretary of state Wednesday
COCHABAMBA , Bolivia  CNN  -- A hundred years ago a Brazilian physician , Carlos Chagas , showed that monkeys were susceptible to a rare parasitic illness carried by a particular Latin American bug . A mother and baby visit a clinic in Bolivia to get tested for Chagas . Today an estimated 16 to 18 million people are infected with Chagas , as the disease is now known , and it claims some 50,000 lives each year . Yet most people have never heard of it . Chagas disease is exclusive to Latin America , and kills more people there than any other parasitic illness , including malaria . In Bolivia , an estimated one in five people are infected . So why is so little known about the disease ? One crucial reason is that it only affects the poor . In the mud and thatch homes of rural villages and urban slums , bugs known locally as vinchuca , make their home in cracks in the walls and holes in the roofs . The bugs carry the parasite that causes chagas , in their saliva and their feces . Infection occurs when they bite , or if their are unknowingly eaten in uncooked food , or rubbed in the eye . Infected women can transfer chagas to their child during pregnancy , delivery or while breastfeeding . In its early stages , Chagas it is eminently treatable , but there are many problems . "  Most people do n't know they 've been infected , " says Dr. Tom Ellman , who works in Bolivia with humanitarian agency , Doctors Without Borders . He told CNN : "  Many of them will drop down dead usually from heart problems cause by the disease 10 , 20 , 30 years after they 've been infected and no one will know why . " For Dr. Ellman , this lack of effective treatment is a symptom of a much sadder cause . "  In terms of getting better treatment , you 're not going to have the interest of pharmaceutical companies , who will only investigate new drugs if there is a market that is willing to buy them . "  What we need now is more interest . We 're still using drugs invented over forty years ago , that have huge numbers of side effects and take sixty or ninety days to work , " he told CNN . Even after these extensive courses of anti-parasitic drugs , there is no definitive test to see if the patient has been cured . Doctors can only advise patients to return in two years . Dr. Ellman also has particular concerns for children over the unavailability of new drugs : "  At the moment we have to cut adult doses of tablets into much smaller sizes for children which brings pricks of getting the dosage wrong and makes it much more complicated . " Chagas can be detected via blood test . In the clinics where Doctors Without Borders work , they advise parents to have themselves and their children tested whenever they visit a clinic . But the challenge they face is vast . How to make a population wise to the threat of a disease that is already plaguing them , and that many have still never heard of . Tom Peck contributed to this report	Chagas is a deadly disease that largely affects people in Latin America An estimated 16 to 18 million people are infected with Chagas The disease remains largely unknown , even where infection is rife There have been no new drugs discovered in 40 years
CNN  -- Summer is a time when people ritualistically hit the gym to trim down for swimsuit season , working out to look good in a bathing suit . But this time three years ago , all Kit Ooraikul wanted was to be able to move again . He was struck with Guillain-Barre Syndrome  GBS  , a disorder in which the body 's immune system mistakenly attacks the nervous system . He spent months lying in a hospital bed , watching his muscles deteriorate . Finally , his health started to improve enough for him to go into rehabilitation . In rehab , he started running . It was his way of building back the muscle he 'd lost . But after he was discharged , he needed something to keep him moving . That 's when he turned to RunKeeper , a fitness application that tracks , maps and records the progress of its users ' running activity . "  I could n't see myself just running on my own without some motivation tool , " the 37-year-old said . Ooraikul is one of many people using fitness apps and sites to get in shape . More than 10 million people use RunKeeper , according to the company . It 's just one example of the exponential growth of fitness apps available online and via mobile devices . From social media networks to videogame-like interfaces to health resources , technologies like RunKeeper are transforming the way Ooraikul and others approach fitness . Work out with your social network You can be an athlete at any age . That 's what Canadian Virginia Champoux said she learned from using a fitness app . Two months ago , a close friend introduced her to the app Fitocracy . It was then that she decided to be more than just active . "  I am 42 years old , I have kids and I work in retail , so I am on my feet all day . I am active . But in my 40s I told myself I was going to be fit , " she said . "  This is the new me . " Although always on the go , this busy mom logs her daily workouts consistently . "  It works as a way to reach my fitness goals , but it also is helping me on a deeper level , " she said . Champoux finds herself making more health-conscious decisions since starting Fitocracy . "  Last night my husband was like , ` You do n't look so good , ' and I was like , ` Yeah , I am frustrated , I am going out for a run ' at 8 in the evening . It was either wine or running , and I choose to go for a run , " she said . "  It 's a life change . " It also keeps her diligent about her workouts . "  It is motivational and it offers me support . It 's the social aspect that helps , " she said . Fitocracy has more than a half-million users , the fitness app reports . Although that number is nowhere near those of other social networking sites , it 's a dramatic growth for the niche app , which is geared toward bringing together users who share a common interest of increasing fitness and physical activity . Fitocracy started off with only a few thousand users during its beta testing days in 2011 . Now , it is growing in popularity with fitness enthusiasts who use the iPhone . The fitness app functions as a social networking site with a videogame-style interface that lets users "  level up " based on their physical activities . For Champoux , Fitocracy 's social network makes the app an invaluable resource . "  It is literally a social network for working out , like Facebook for fitness , " she said . "  It is very motivational because it allows me to work out with my social network . " The application gives her the opportunity to build relationships with others trying to meet their fitness goals . "  I have friends on Fitocracy that I have never even met , " she said . "  People keep track of each other and it is very encouraging . " Be fit at any age Middle age met the digital age for fitness enthusiast Karen Waldkirch . The 51-year-old Milwaukee resident was introduced to Fitocracy and Calorie Count by her son . At the time , she was on weight loss program Jenny Craig , and playing tennis occasionally , but she wanted to make sure she stayed on track . "  I knew I was going to lose the weight , " she said . "  But I did n't want to gain it back . " By combining Fitocracy and Calorie Count , Waldkirch found resources that filled the gaps in her diet and exercise plan . Calorie Count allows her to record and monitor what she is eating , while Fitocracy works as a fitness motivator . "  It is a little extra push , " she said . "  It is this weird dynamic that gets into your head . You are sitting on the couch , watching TV and you think , ' I better get off the couch and get some points . ' " Waldkirch says the apps she uses help her physically and mentally . "  In a funny way , it kind of enriched my life . It gave me tools to help me . It happened to come along and it really raised my self-esteem . " Although she is a relatively active person , Waldkirch says it is easy for people her age to become complacent when it comes to fitness . "  I wish people my age would look to tools like this and think , you do n't have to accept your body is declining , " she said . "  Technology does n't have to make you lazier ; it can do the opposite . " Get motivated to ` just do it ' One year ago , Jason Tolentino tipped the scale at 230 pounds . It was a combination of a poor diet and eating out every day that lead him down his weight-gaining path . But one day Tolentino said to himself , "  Just do it , " and he strapped on a pair of sneakers and ran , jogged and walked a little over five miles . "  I think what got me going was anger and willpower . I was angry at myself , and I was motivated , " he said . He started using Nike + as a way to monitor his physical activities . Nike + is a fitness app that allows its users to track their physical activities , which it then displays using visually rich graphs . The app also lets users share their fitness progress with other users . Monitoring progress is a big part of why the San Francisco resident uses Nike + consistently . "  The Nike + app was the greatest thing that happened because it kept me going , " Tolentino said . "  When you look at the app and you can see your progress and see that I started off at zero and I ran 700 miles , it is incredible . " But the app did n't instantly turn Tolentino 's life around . "  When I first started running , I told myself and other people that if I am running I can keep eating , but that is n't how it works , " he said . A year of complete diet change -- worked out through trial and error -- and increased fitness helped him drop the weight . "  It may sound clichÃ © , but I want to live a healthier lifestyle and inspire others , " he said with regard to why he decided to lose weight . "  I inspired a few friends to go with me on my runs and they are also living a healthier lifestyle . At the same time , I 'm unemployed and it 's the best way to improve myself , " he said . Work on a better life The day David Eickelmann and his wife had their daughter Brianna , his life changed . His family was changing , and he wanted to change , too . He was living a sedentary life , spending many hours on the couch watching television or surfing the Internet . His lifestyle led to overeating and it started to show around his waist . Curious about calculating body fat and increasing fitness , the Flensburg , Germany , resident discovered WeightTraining.com , a website aimed at tracking its users ' weight training and fitness progress while also offering video and fitness tutorials . "  I had never considered using  a fitness site  before , but when I started doing the data entry to get my body fat percentage , I became really curious about the other aspects of the site , and that was what got me started , " he said . Easy data entry makes the site convenient for him , and it encourages him to set more personal fitness goals . His overall goal is to gain more energy for his family 's sake . "  I think a large part of who we are is developed when we 're young , " said Eickelmann . "  I think that if my wife and I do a good job of presenting ourselves as positive role models in all facets of life , as my daughter goes through her childhood , being fit will become a part of her life as well . " It 's not only about you Ooraikul admits he was never a runner . He 's more concerned with keeping up his endurance after GBS than becoming an athlete . And years after his hospitalization , Ooraikul says his fitness is not only about him anymore . "  It was not about returning to just a level of fitness . We just had a baby and I wanted to quickly get back to shape so that I can actively engage with her as she grows up , " he said . Even after three years , Ooraikul still uses RunKeeper because he knows how fast life can change . "  Experiencing GBS , you find out how quickly health can disappear , " he said . "  You should try to keep up with your levels , because you do n't know when you wo n't be able to do the things you want to do . " When he talks about using RunKeeper , he ca n't help but be reminded of his time spent in rehabilitation . "  During rehab they group you with people with spinal cord injuries , and you think , ' I will get better , ' because that is how GBS works , but they will not get better . They are just trying to get to a level where they can cope  with  what happened to them , " he said . "  When you see something like that , you want to get healthier . "	Fitness apps allow people to remotely work out with their social networks RunKeeper , a running application , has more than 10 million users Videogame-style interfaces on fitness apps are motivating people to exercise Fitness apps and websites function as workout guides and health resources
EW.com  -- In "  Stand Up Guys , " Al Pacino and Christopher Walken play second-rate Baltimore gangsters in their late 60s who make no bones about what grumpy old sociopaths they 've become . Yet neither one is nearly as slow or creaky as the movie itself . Pacino , eyes burning with life beneath his electric thatch of hair , is Val , who has just gotten out of prison . Walken , whose own gravity-defying mane is practically a character of its own , is Val 's old chum Doc , a guy with secret orders to rub out his pal before the next morning . The two sit around diners , cappuccino joints , and a cruddy apartment , talking about the bad old days . They go to a brothel and crack wise about threesomes and Viagra . Pacino , showing off any way he can , gets onto a dance floor , and Walken commands attention his own way , by staring off into space . ` World War Z ' Super Bowl trailer : Watch Directing his first dramatic feature , Fisher Stevens does his best to give these gravel-voiced legends room to strut their stuff . But that 's the problem : The movie is too much of a wide-eyed , ramshackle homage to '70s - acting-class indulgence . It needed much more shape and snap . ` Idol ' : The Anthem of Zoanette Johnson Still , when Alan Arkin joins the party as a dying colleague , his antics â $ " at least once he gets behind the wheel of a stolen car â $ " give the film a fuel injection . Stand Up Guys reminds you that these three are still way too good to collapse into shticky self-parody , even when they 're in a movie that 's practically begging them to . Grade : B - See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Al Pacino and Christopher Walken star as grumpy old sociopaths in "  Stand Up Guys " Pacino and Walken play second-rate Baltimore gangsters in their late 60s "  Stand Up Guys " is director Fisher Stevens first dramatic feature
CNN  -- A woman gored by a bison at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming said she is happy to be alive days after the attack . "  I thought it was the end , " Cathy Hayes told CNN by phone late Wednesday . Hayes said she was vacationing in Yellowstone on Monday with her husband and a friend . The group was driving through the park when they spotted a bison . "  My friend is from California , and had never seen a bison before , " she said . "  So we pulled over and went to get a closer look . " Minutes later , the bison attacked . And it was all caught on tape . "  So we 're here in the park and there 's a buffalo , and he 's just wandering across the road , " she says in the footage . Hayes , a native of Farr West , Utah , says they were about 30 feet away from the bison when her friend decided to get closer . "  There was another group in front of us , and I never noticed it before looking at the video on my small camera , but you can see a stick fly off the back of the bison , " she said . "  It looks like it came from the group that was in front of him . Before that , the bison was just chillin . ' " In the video shot from Hayes ' perspective , her friend falls as he runs away from the charging bison . At that point , she says , the bison turned its attention to her . Hayes crouched behind a tree to protect herself , but it was n't enough . "  There was a pause when I could tell that he was backing up and getting ready to ram the tree again , " Hayes said . "  I thought , ` He wo n't ram the car , ' so I made a run for it . You can probably see in the video when he got me and flung me up in the air . " Hayes ' husband was in their car when the attack happened , and was able to scare the bison off by making loud noises . "  He was going to throw his cell phone at it , but it took off . It was gone as quick as it came , " she said . Luckily , Hayes did not suffer life-threatening injures , but said she is still in a lot of pain . Her knee was swollen to the size of a football , and she had minor cuts and scrapes throughout her leg . Her friend broke his shoulder when he tripped and fell . But for the Utah teacher , it could have been worse . "  I was waiting for black . I thought I was going to die , " Hayes said . Signs throughout Yellowstone warn visitors to not get close to wildlife .	Attack happened at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming Utah resident was trying to get a closer look at the animal "  He got me and flung me up in the air , " she says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  A South Korean military court has sentenced a sergeant to death for killing five members of his unit last year , authorities said Tuesday . The sergeant , surnamed Lim , threw a grenade and shot at his fellow soldiers at a base in a remote area near the heavily fortified border with North Korea in June . Two days later , surrounded by military forces , he was captured after shooting himself in the shoulder . "  Lim committed a tenacious and premeditated crime by killing even unarmed colleagues at the barracks , " the chief judge of the military court said in the verdict Tuesday , according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap . "  Capital punishment is inevitable for such a hideous crime . " Military prosecutors had demanded the death penalty for Lim on charges of murder and desertion , Yonhap reported . A death sentence is effectively the equivalent of life in prison without parole in South Korea , where no executions have been carried out since 1997 . Around 60 convicts are on death row in the country . Lim 's case will go to appeal at a higher military court , Defense Ministry spokesman Kwon Ki-hyun told CNN . The soldier 's defense lawyer said the court had ignored a lot of testimony about the bullying of his client at the barracks , according to Yonhap . Lim was three months from the end of his compulsory military service when he carried out the attack on his unit . He had been categorized as a soldier in need of special attention , according to the Defense Ministry . CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	The sergeant threw a grenade and shot at his fellow soldiers last year The death penalty is effectively life in prison without parole in South Korea
London  CNN  -- Lisa Suarez 's voice breaks as she stands in the snow outside London 's Heathrow airport , unable to get a flight home to Dallas , Texas . "  It 's very hard , " she says . "  All I want for Christmas is to hug my daughter . " She and her family are among hundreds of thousands of people stranded by "  freak weather conditions " that dumped unexpected tons of snow on Europe this weekend , snarling flight schedules at the continent 's busiest airports . Heathrow planned to cancel all arrivals Sunday , but later said it might allow three planes to land . A dozen long-haul flights are scheduled to take off Sunday night , spokesman Andrew Teacher said . He did not say which ones . Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris told travelers to expect two-hour delays and cancellation of a quarter of flights . One in five flights was being canceled at the French capital 's second airport , Paris-Orly , with delays of an hour expected , Aeroports de Paris said on its website . Germany 's Frankfurt airport said at least 500 of a planned 1,300 flights would be scrapped Sunday . And more snow is expected in Germany during the day , which will put further strain on flight schedules , spokesman Waltraud Riehemann said . More than 200,000 passengers were due to take off from Heathrow on Sunday , said Donna O'Brien , a spokeswoman for Heathrow airport operator BAA . Most wo n't be able to , she said . Workers were trying to remove 30 metric tons of snow from each of the airport 's 200 aircraft parking stands , according to the airport 's website . Meanwhile , ground travel in France was also snarled by heavy snowfall and cold temperatures . The U.K. 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office said Sunday that French authorities reported they are preventing all cargo trucks and buses from using roads in northern france and the greater Paris metropolitan area , and that car travel is "  unadvisable . " Air and rail services were also affected , the office said . The adverse weather in France even affected pop singer Lady Gaga , who said on her Facebook page that all 28 of her tour trucks had been detained by the government for more than 24 hours . The Lady Gaga concert set for Sunday night was rescheduled for Tuesday , according to the website of the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy , where it was to be held . A Monday concert remains scheduled . Paris police said that since noon Saturday , more than 1,300 trucks had been barred from entering Paris , and no trucks were being allowed to circulate in the city . They could not confirm whether Lady Gaga 's trucks were among them . In other travel news : -- Britain 's Automobile Association helped more than 3,000 drivers by 10:30 Sunday morning , and was getting 800 calls for assistance every hour , it said . It expected 14,000 call-outs by the end of the day , nearly twice the average on a Sunday . Another organization , the RAC , said it was getting 1,500 calls an hour to help drivers , mostly in Scotland . -- London 's Gatwick airport says its runway is open and "  operations are gradually returning to normal . " -- Heathrow will have no flights from Terminals 1 or 4 , and only a small number from Terminals 3 and 5 , it says . Terminal 2 is closed for renovation . -- Heathrow urges passengers to check with airlines before flying . Contact numbers are listed on its website , www.heathrowairport.com -- British Airways tells passengers to check www.ba2go.com before coming to the airport . Customers who need to rebook in the U.S. should call 1-800-247-9297 . Those in the UK should call 0800 727 800 . BA warns of high call volume despite hiring extra call center staff and urges people to call only if necessary . -- BMI cancels all flights to and from Heathrow and asks passengers not to come to the airport . -- British train operator Network Rail says trains are running more or less normally , but advises passengers to check before traveling . Heathrow is Europe 's busiest airport -- and one of the busiest in the world . Paris Charles de Gaulle is second , and Frankfurt sees the third-highest traffic on the continent . Forecasters say the United Kingdom will remain in the grip of bitter winter weather at least through Monday . Heathrow employees are working to try to make the airport fully operational by Monday . "  We 've got a few thousand people that have , unfortunately , had to spend the night , " BAA spokesman Teacher said Sunday . "  We 've been making them as comfortable as possible with blankets , with food and water . " Teacher said ice is the main problem affecting flights . "  We are extremely sorry for the disruption that 's been caused to people 's journeys today , but the decision has been made simply to avoid any kind of potential risk , " Teacher said . "  These are absolutely ... freak weather conditions , " he added . "  We 've not seen a storm like this in 20 years . " On Saturday , frigid temperatures and extreme conditions pummeled Europe . From Northern Ireland to Bulgaria , blizzard conditions left airports with heavy delays or shut them entirely . Snow , ice and fog have caused travel chaos ahead of a busy holiday travel week . And severe weather could continue on Monday as another series of weather systems move in , said Met Office special forecaster Tony Burgess . "  There is another risk of -LSB- heavy snow -RSB- across England and south Wales on Monday , " Burgess said . The next wave of snowy weather is expected to bring up to 20 centimeters  8 inches  to some parts of the United Kingdom , with London expected to receive 5 to 10 centimeters  2 to 4 inches  of snow . The weather system will move across France and Germany on Sunday . Below-normal temperatures are expected to continue in northern Europe into the beginning of next week . Journalist Nina Dos Santos and CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Katy Byron , Kathryn Tancos , Mila Sanina , Boriana Milanova , Hada Messia , Per Nyberg , Peter Taggert , Denise Quan and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Trucks stopped outside Paris because of heavy snow U.K. authorities issue travel advice for France London Heathrow may let a handful of planes land , a spokesman says Airports across Europe are dealing with significant delays
CNN  Creflo Dollar 's new scheme to raise $ 60 million to purchase a luxury Gulfstream G650 airplane is the latest chapter in a long and sordid history of televangelists exploiting their churches ' tax-exempt status -- and their congregants -- to line their own pockets . Preaching the word of faith , or "  prosperity gospel , " and capitalizing on lax government oversight of his church 's finances has enriched Dollar and his family to the detriment of his followers and the American taxpayer . World Changers Church International , Dollar 's 30,000-member church , is a tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code . That means the church 's donors receive a tax exemption for their donations  including for Dollar 's new jet ambitions  , and the church pays no tax on the revenue . What 's more , because it is organized as a church , the federal government does not require World Changers to file a publicly available tax return , as other nonprofit organizations are required to do . Those tax returns provide at least some financial information to donors and the public about the organization , including its revenues , assets , expenditures and executive compensation . Dollar is known for his custom suits , luxury homes and private jets that ferry him , among other places , from his home base in College Park , Georgia , to his satellite church in Manhattan , where he and his wife reportedly have a $ 2.5 million apartment . For Dollar , though , these excesses are n't embarrassments . Instead , they are proof that his theology works , that God blesses the faithful with abundant riches . Dollar tells his congregants to "  sow a seed " with him , promising that a plentiful harvest will be their own blessing and , essentially , a return on their investment . To promoters of the word of faith , or prosperity gospel , "  sowing a seed " with your pastor is required for God 's blessing , even if you 're taking it out of your rent money or the last remaining cash in your wallet . Many Christians find word of faith a heretical theology , an embarrassing distortion of Jesus ' teachings , not to mention a fraud on congregants . While the government can not constitutionally mediate theological disputes or otherwise interfere in a church 's internal affairs , it can use its oversight powers to ensure that preachers who use their pulpits for profit do n't exploit the tax advantages afforded to ordinary houses of worship to pursue their legitimate charitable purposes . In 2007 , the Senate Finance Committee , under the chairmanship of Iowa Republican Sen. Charles Grassley , launched an investigation into the financial practices of six televangelists , including Dollar . The committee requested documents from Dollar and his wife , Taffi , explaining that taxpayers "  should be assured that their donations are being used for the tax exempt purposes of the organizations . " The documents sought by the committee included audited financial statements for World Changers , information about related for-profit and nonprofit entities , and data on executive compensation and the church 's real and personal assets . More than three years later , after an outcry from the televangelists , most visibly Dollar 's mentor Kenneth Copeland , the committee opted to abandon its efforts to instigate any sort of regulatory changes . Instead , the committee called on the ministries to engage in "  self-reform , " even though the committee staff 's findings plainly demonstrated that four of the ministries , including Dollar 's , were unwilling to engage in any sort of meaningful transparency or accountability . Of the six televangelists from whom the committee sought financial data , Dollar was deemed the "  least cooperative . " Without Dollar 's cooperation , the committee was left to piece together a puzzle about his finances through public documents , third parties and news reports . It concluded that in 2006 , World Changers had received $ 69 million in contributions at its Atlanta church alone , that the Dollars owned two multimillion-dollar homes in Georgia , and that the church and related business entities had at various points owned four aircraft flown for personal use -- although none was nearly as pricey as the luxury Gulfstream Dollar now seeks to acquire . The committee staff was clearly troubled by the array of business entities , "  including private airports and aircraft leasing companies , " that raised red flags "  about the use of the church 's tax-exempt status to avoid taxation . " Precisely because of Dollar 's lack of cooperation , the staff concluded , "  we are unable to determine whether and the extent to which they are reporting and paying taxes on income earned in those entities . " Dollar is now looking to raise $ 60 million for this new aircraft , purportedly "  to continue reaching a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ . " Four years after the abandonment of the Senate Finance Committee 's televangelist investigation , it looks like the absence of government oversight has only emboldened Creflo Dollar .	Sarah Posner : Televangelist Creflo Dollar asking congregants to help finance a $ 65 million Gulfstream G650 She says government should oversee tax-exempt churches that essentially operate as for-profit enterprises Posner : Senate committee took up this issue but dropped it ; this seems to have emboldened Dollar
CNN  -- Congress might cut most of the federal funding for your local poison control center , which could mean a longer wait during your next poison-related emergency . Measure H.R. 1 would cut $ 27.3 million , or about 93 % , of federal funding for poison control centers across the United States . The bill was passed by the House of Representatives , but rejected by the Senate on March 9 . Congressional leaders now need to negotiate a final spending measure , and that bill might include cuts to the poison control centers . "  My feeling is that just based on my experience , it would end up costing lives somewhere along the way , " says Jo Anne Bryant , a nurse with 30 years experience who recently called a poison center when her husband , Ronald , accidentally inhaled pesticide fumes while cleaning out the garage . "  I 've dealt with some emergencies in this field over my career , but I was completely at a loss as to what to do . When it came to this , I felt completely helpless . " Bryant dialed the national poison center hot line 1-800-222-1222 and was told to take her husband to the hospital if he had specific symptoms , including vomiting . He 'd already thrown up , so they headed to the emergency department , where he was treated and released . It 's not just the patients Hospitals rely on poison control centers , too . Poison centers answered 4.2 million calls in 2009 , and about 16 % of those calls came from hospitals seeking their expertise . "  After the hospital did their initial treatment , " says Bryant , "  they also called the poison control center to verify that they had administered the correct treatment . " What about when you dial 911 ? They call your poison center , too . When the 911 operators figure out your emergency is poisoning related , they conference in the poison center for a three-way conversation . That 's because the poison center staff answering phone calls include nurses , physicians and pharmacists with specialized poison center training , and there is always a toxicologist on call . "  If we 're not around , you better tell your 911 operator to strap their belts on to answer a whole lot of calls that they do n't know a damn thing about and ca n't safely manage that patient at home , " says Mark Ryan , director of the Louisiana Poison Center . Spending here , saving there Poison control center operators say their services save health care dollars , primarily because most callers are told they do n't need a hospital . Eliminating call centers could increase unnecessary trips to the hospital , further burdening the health care system , they say . "  Poison centers treat nearly 75 % of all exposure cases at home , without the patient having to go to a health care facility , " said Jim Hirt , executive director of the American Association of Poison Control Centers , in a written statement . "  The costs of this cut would ultimately far exceed the $ 27 million saved . " According to a study cited by the Department of Health and Human Services , for every dollar spent on poison control centers , $ 7 in health care spending is saved . Other studies find the per dollar value of poison control centers to be far greater . Louisiana has already been down this road . Because of state budget cuts , the Louisiana Poison Center closed on October 31 , 1988 . The percentage of patients treated at home dropped to 28.6 % , from 74.1 % before the center closed , according to a 1991 study published in the Southern Medical Journal . The Louisiana Poison Center reopened in 1992 , because the additional health care costs outweighed the savings , and because of stories like Peggy Toner 's . Toner 's 2-year-old daughter swallowed an antibiotic cream one day in 1990 . With the Louisiana Poison Center closed , she called another state 's poison center for help , but the staff was instructed not to help her , because the state where she lived , Louisiana , was not paying for their poison center services . "  It was the most horrible feeling in the world , " says Toner . "  What if my daughter died because they would n't help me ? " She then called a Kentucky poison center , where she got help . Creating one national call center The cuts in federal funding would eliminate all but one of the nation 's 57 poison control centers , which rely heavily on federal funding . Click here to see how many federal dollars your local poison control center receives . "  There 's just no reason to maintain 57 separate call centers around the country when technology would enable us to get the job done with one , " said a statement from Rep. Denny Rehberg , R-Montana , chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee for Health and Human Services . "  We can save millions simply by cutting out 56 duplicative locations and with record debt and deficits putting our future in jeopardy , it 's worth looking under every rock for savings . " Poison control center operators strongly disagree . "  Local relationships are invaluable " says Ryan of Louisiana . "  There 's no way a single center could get in there and provide for the wants and needs of every state . It 's not possible . " He also warns of putting all resources in a single entity . "  What happens if the hypothetical ` single ' center gets wiped out by a tornado and the infrastructure is destroyed ? Where are those 12,000 + calls each day going to go ? " Many health care students -- doctors , nurses , pharmacists , EMTs -- receive formal toxicology training from their local center . "  Who else knows what we know ? " says Ryan . It is unclear how one enormous center would be funded , or in which state it would be . "  If you want the same number of people to be answered , " says Gaylord Lopez , director of the Georgia Poison Center , "  suddenly you need to have probably six - or seven-hundred people working in a single poison control center . " Proponents of the one-center plan cite innovation in private business and say government could follow the example to be more efficient . "  If you look at things like bookstores or movie rental stores , with internet technology , where long distances really are n't an issue anymore , what they do is they save a ton of money by putting everything in a single warehouse , " said one congressional staffer speaking anonymously . Could it work ? Many call centers already serve areas far beyond their locale . A call center in Nebraska also handles emergencies in American Samoa and Micronesia . Oregon serves Guam . A Jacksonville , Florida , call center serves the Virgin Islands . And Montana -- Rehberg 's state -- is served by the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center , which also handles Colorado , Hawaii , Idaho and Nevada , negotiating rates with each state . Cell phones also make out-of-state poison emergencies a common thing . Timing the announcement with National Poison Prevention Week , which began Sunday , the American Association of Poison Control Centers will release an iPhone app to help users dial the poison control hot line . Those calls , like all cell phone calls , may ring at the nearest poison control center , or not . "  Every single center gets calls from other states almost daily , " says Ryan . "  Two or three a day ; we see it more with certain carriers than others . " Still , poison center operators insist that local matters . "  I think it was just an ill-informed decision by somebody who , let 's just hope , was new on the scene , " says Lopez about the proposed budget cuts , "  and was n't that ill-informed after lots of experience . "	Measure H.R. 1 could cut 93 % of federal funding for poison control centers House passed H.R. 1 but Senate rejected it ; cut could still be in a final , negotiated bill Centers answered 4.2 million calls in 2009 ; about 16 % of those came from hospitals The cuts are meant to eliminate all but one of the nation 's 57 poison control centers
Washington  CNN  -- It was a mystery for nearly 70 years : What happened to Nazi Party leader Alfred Rosenberg 's diary , a valuable document with insights into the Third Reich ? Rosenberg was the party 's chief ideologue and became a confidante of Adolf Hitler after meeting him in 1921 . He joined the party before Hitler and gained fame writing anti-Semitic tracts and editing the Nazi newspaper . He eventually became head of the foreign policy office and was one of the chief architects of the plan to systematically exterminate Jews . The influential Nazi intellectual was convicted of war crimes at the Nuremberg International Military Tribunal and hanged in October 1946 . Parts of his diary -- a loose-leaf collection of notes he kept from 1934-1944 were used by the tribunal , but the bulk of the diary , dating from 1936-1944 , went missing after the trial . The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency , working with the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum and investigators in Delaware , finally solved the case , tracking down 400 missing pages of the diary . Scholars hope it will help them learn more about how the Nazis operated in the years before and during World War II . "  This is one of the great detective stories of our time . The diary was known at the time of the military tribunal in Nuremberg when the leadership of the Nazi Party was tried and it then disappeared for nearly 70 years , " ICE Director John Morton told CNN . "  It was in fact smuggled out of Nuremberg into the United States , probably by Robert Kempner , who was one of the prosecutors for the United States in Nuremberg . " Investigators from the Department of Homeland Security and the Delaware United States Attorney 's office received a tip in November 2012 from an unnamed "  source " -- an art security specialist working with the Holocaust Museum -- and were able to locate and seize the diary , according to a Wednesday news release from Charles M. Oberly III , the U.S. attorney for the district of Delaware , announcing the seizure , which took place in April . A criminal investigation is now under way to determine how the papers ended up in the possession of Herbert Richardson , an academic in Buffalo , New York , according to a government official . A CNN reporter 's calls to Richardson seeking comment on the case were not returned . The yellowed pages of the diary -- some written on Nazi Party stationery -- cover the lead-up to World War II and party activities during the war . Containing frequent mentions of "  Der Fuhrer , " referring to Hitler , they describe conflicts between Nazi leaders like Heinrich Himmler and Joseph Goebbels -- the chief propagandist -- who battled over who was closest to Hitler . See pages of Rosenberg 's diary  in German Kempner , a German-Jewish lawyer who fled to the U.S. during the war and later returned to serve as the deputy chief counsel at Nuremberg , removed the Rosenberg diary from U.S. government facilities and kept them until his death in 1993 , according to the release from the Delaware U.S. attorney 's office . According to a memo the Holocaust Museum found among Kempner 's documents , Kempner received permission from the Office of the Chief of Counsel of War Crimes to keep unclassified documents "  for purposes of writing , lecturing and study " as the trials drew to an end and he returned home with an unknown number of documents in his possession that were kept out of reach of other scholars . The press release from Oberly 's office stated the documents were removed "  contrary to law and proper procedure . " David L. Hall , an assistant U.S. attorney who investigated the case , said Kempner was not given title to the documents . "  There would not have been any authority to do that because they were U.S. government property , " Hall told CNN . "  The bottom line is they were improperly removed from government custody and retained by Kempner . Now that the diary has been recovered , it will eventually be given to the Holocaust Museum , where it will be accessible to scholars and the public . Rosenberg also wrote in the diary about his plan to steal art and cultural treasures from all over Europe . By the end of war , the task force he established had shipped almost 1.5 million rail car-loads of artwork and artifacts from German-controlled Europe to the Reich , according to the Holocaust Museum . Henry Mayer , who worked as chief archivist at the Holocaust Museum for 16 years and now serves as a senior adviser there , spent 17 years looking for the diary and helped authenticate the papers after they were seized . Experts have not yet been able to review all 400 pages , which were written in German . In examining the papers , Mayer and other researchers hope to learn more details about how Rosenberg carried out his role as head of the German-controlled territories in Eastern Europe , including Latvia , Lithuania , Estonia , Ukraine and parts of Belarus , where a large number of war crimes were committed . Mayer said the diary provides insight into the mind of "  another perpetrator who has given , so to speak , testimony or witness in his own hand about what was going on -- how he was administering the territory , how he felt about Jews and how he dealt with the Jews under his control . " Mayer himself played an important role in finding the papers . He finally got a break during a visit to a storage locker where some of Kempner 's papers were being kept . While there he spoke with the sister of one of Kempner 's legal secretaries . "  The person that I was with in the storage locker was the sister of one of the legal secretaries who since that time had passed away and she recalled that her sister was interviewed by a reporter from the German news magazine Der Spiegel and she told this reporter that she remembers that she gave the diary to somebody , a former academic who lived in both the Buffalo area and Canada , that she had given this diary to him -- quote-unquote -- for safekeeping , " he said , describing the "  eureka " moment he experienced during that conversation . "  At that moment we said ` OK now we know pretty much where this thing ended up and therefore we had a reason to go and pursue it , OK ? Before then we only had surmised that it might have gone to him . " Now that the long search is finally over , researchers like Mayer will be able to delve deeper into the mind of a man who shared responsibility for murdering millions . See also : Alleged Nazi war criminal found in Hungary	Diary of Nazi Party 's chief ideologue discovered after missing for 70 years Finding the missing diary is "  one of great detective stories of our time , " ICE director says The diary was used against Rosenberg in Nuremberg trials -- he was hanged in 1946 Diary was likely smuggled out of Germany by one of the Nuremberg prosecutors
CNN  -- European football 's governing body UEFA says it will continue to monitor security ahead of Saturday 's Champions League final in London . The British government held an emergency meeting on Thursday following the daylight murder of a British soldier in the capital the previous day . Owned by the English Football Association , Wembley is hosting the final of the prestigious European club competition for the second time in two years , but on match day it is UEFA which assumes responsibility for the stadium in north London . UEFA said it was "  confident " that the all-German final between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund would not be affected by wider events in London . "  We obviously have a lot of security measures in place , " a UEFA spokeswoman told CNN . "  We are confident they will guarantee there is a positive atmosphere in the city as well as inside the stadium . "  As for each final we contact the -LSB- local -RSB- police and security is in their hands . We will of course be monitoring the situation . "  Each time we hold a final we discuss various security matters -LSB- with the venues -RSB- where we discuss the number of stewards , security and police officers required . " London 's Metropolitan Police Service has not changed the "  threat level " for the final since the murder , though the police will continue to keep their plans under constant review . "  In light of events in Woolwich we have looked at our policing plan for the Champions League final , " said Chief Superintendent Julia Pendry , who is heading up the policing operation for the final , said in a statement . "  We would like to reassure travelling fans and visitors to London that there is nothing at this stage to suggest any threat to this event and an appropriate policing response will be in place to ensure the safety and security of those who attend the event . "  We are working closely with British Transport Police and our other emergency service partners and as always our plans are flexible and kept under continuous review . " Firearms officers are used as a response service by the Metropolitan Police Service and would not routinely be on patrol at events such as Champions League finals . Security in London has come under renewed focus after a British soldier was brutally killed close to barracks in Woolwich , south London on Wednesday . There has been increased security at army bases around London amid fears of additional attacks , but Prime Minister David Cameron urged people to "  go about their normal lives . " Borussia Dortmund has not changed its advice to fans traveling to London ahead of Saturday 's match . The club has sold all of its allocation of 25,000 tickets for the London final after 500,000 had applied for tickets , though Dortmund did not know how many fans were planning to travel to the UK without a ticket for the match . Bayern Munich was not immediately available for comment . The capacity of Wembley Stadium for the match will be 86,000 , with each team receiving 25,000 seats with 9,000 going on sale to fans around the world . Wembley will be open to fans from 1630  BST  ahead of the Champions League finale .	UEFA to monitor security for Saturday 's Champions League final Security in London is in focus following the murder of a solider in London UEFA is confident there will be a positive atmosphere inside and outside Wembley Stadium Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund play each other in an all-German final
CNN  -- Tunisia , the country where the wave of popular Arab discontent started and spread , will fittingly hold the Arab Spring 's first election Sunday , a contest pitting secularists against Islamists . The vote for a National Constituent Assembly is being billed as the freest and fairest since the strongman who ruled Tunisia for nearly a quarter century , Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali , was overthrown by street protests last January . Candidates are competing for 218 seats in the assembly , which will be charged with writing a new constitution and probably deciding the structure of Tunisia 's future government . Scores of political parties and independent candidates are competing in the contest . Voting began a couple of days ago in the Tunisian diaspora . The winners will be tasked with confronting severe domestic problems front and center after the self-immolation in December of a fruit vendor whose cart had been seized by police . The vendor , Mohamed Bouazizi , died in early January . His fiery suicide touched off a firestorm among Tunisians fed up with corruption , high unemployment and escalating food prices . The Tunisian ferment sparked uprisings in North Africa , where Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and the Moammar Gadhafi-led Libyan regime were ousted , and public anger in the Middle East , where anti-government protesters have taken to the streets in Syria , Yemen and Bahrain . The collective unrest has been dubbed the Arab Spring . The political debate has been robust during election campaigning and violence has erupted . Islamist groups protested in Tunis this month after a TV network broadcast an animated film called "  Persepolis , " which at one point depicts God , regarded as an act of blasphemy to many Muslims . Police intervened with tear gas . A subsequent march by Muslim Salafist groups on the prime minister 's office was dispersed . Also , there was an attack on the home of the TV station 's owner . Ennahada , the most prominent Islamist party , condemned the violence but did not criticize the protests . Amid such tumult , public opinion across Tunisia has been frank and diverse . Balti , one of Tunisia 's most popular rappers and a supporter of the Tunisian revolution , told CNN he does n't plan to vote . "  I do n't trust any of these political parties , " he said . "  Especially the parties that are using religion to get through to the hearts and minds of the people . " In contrast , his sound engineer plans to vote for Ennahada , strongly supported in provincial cities and among the working classes . "  We are a Muslim country . Our language is Arabic . And Ennahada is close to Islam , " said M.D.M.C. "  I want religion to play a bigger role in Tunisian society . " Ennahada consistently wins popularity polls but for many it raises fears . One controversial ad raised the specter of an Islamist society where restaurants are empty of foreign tourists and women lose the right to have jobs or shun headscarves . Ahmed Najib Chebbi , a leading secularist politician , said he believes "  we live with this threat " from Islamist parties . But Rachid Ghanouchi , the leader of Ennahada , said there 's been a "  fear-mongering campaign " against his group . "  They use scare tactics to frighten businessmen , women , and foreign countries , but I do n't think this has worked . " A strong showing for Ennahada would encourage other Islamists in the region . It also would raise questions about Islamism and democracy . Would Ennahada impose a conservative social code on what is one of the most secular and industrialized Arab countries ? Or would it follow the model of Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party , showing that Islam and democracy are compatible ? Ghanouchi , who returned to Tunisia in January after two decades in exile , said there if his party comes to power , it wo n't impose a religious lifestyle on the more secular parts of the country . He has promised to protect women 's rights and work with other political parties . "  Get to know us , not through what others say but through our actions . Give us a chance before you judge us , " he said . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Tim Lister , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	The Arab Spring began in Tunisia last winter Secularists and Islamists are vying for seats One Islamist leader says , "  Get to know us "
CNN  -- The stories coming out of Ferguson , Missouri , paint an increasingly worrying pictureâ $ " that of a Middle America city like most any other being turned into a war zone . It began with the shooting death of Michael Brown by a local police officer . The shooting seemed questionable , but the feeling in the community was that the police could not conduct a real , impartial investigation . When the police department declined to identify the officer involved , protests began . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting If a listener did n't know any better , he would think the description of events unfolding in Ferguson must surely be taking place in Iraq or Afghanistanâ $ " combat-armored shock troops shoot tear gas into crowds while snipers train high-powered rifles on groups of civilians from atop heavily armored MRAP  Mine Resistant Ambush Protected  assault vehicles rolling through and blocking off city streets like tanks . This is America , but it does n't look like it anymore . Republican Rep. Justin Amash of Missouri tweeted in the morning , "  Images & reports out of #Ferguson are frightening . Is this a war zone or a US city ? Gov ' t escalates tensions w/military equipment & tactics . " Michael Brown shooting , protests highlight racial divide Pictures and videos tweeted out of the "  war zone " show what appear to be camouflaged units of soldiers occupying and subduing the outraged civilians of Fergusonâ $ " but these are not soldiers , they are police officers . How could a small local police force act like an occupying military force ? Under what is called "  Program 1033 , " the Department of Defense has been doling out military surplus to police departments for use in causes like the domestic "  wars " against drugs and terrorism . Billions of dollars of military arms and armament have been distributed to local police departments since the program started in the late 1990s . Ferguson violence : Police slammed for ` escalating the situation ' This misguided policy leads to inevitable consequences like what we 're witnessing in Ferguson . As early as 1999 , the Cato Institute warned in a briefing paper , "  Warrior Cops : The Ominous Growth of Paramilitarism in American Police Departments " that Program 1033 is a terrible idea . First , dressing police officers as soldiers is dangerous because the mindset of a soldier is entirely inappropriate for a police officer . Soldiers fight a military enemy ; police officers deal with citizens , who are protected by the Bill of Rights . Opinion : Why Ferguson is your town Second , dressing a cop as a soldier does not make him a soldier , it makes him a more dangerous cop . SWAT teams are not military special forces even if they try to act like them . Police officers simply do not have the training that military troops have , and giving them the arms , armament and attitude of being warriors is simply dangerous . Third , if cities really need a SWAT unit , that should be reserved for extraordinary situations beyond the capability of the ordinary patrolman , such as a hostage scenario . Such SWAT units should not be deployed for routine policing calls . Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests The escalation of conflict in Ferguson did n't have to occur . If the Pentagon hands local cops millions of dollars ' worth of hammers , it should be no surprise when suddenly everything looks like a nail . We can only hope the situation ends without more violence . If President Obama wants to do something about the awful events in Ferguson , he should end Program 1033 .	Tim Lynch : Stories coming out of Ferguson , Missouri , are worrisome Lynch : This small Middle America city seems to have turned into a war zone He says Pentagon has been doling out military weapons to police forces across U.S. Lynch : This misguided policy makes our cops dangerous and harmful to citizens
