MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian space officials say the crew of the Soyuz space ship is resting after a rough ride back to Earth . A South Korean bioengineer was one of three people on board the Soyuz capsule . The craft carrying South Korea 's first astronaut landed in northern Kazakhstan on Saturday , 260 miles  418 kilometers  off its mark , they said . Mission Control spokesman Valery Lyndin said the condition of the crew -- South Korean bioengineer Yi So-yeon , American astronaut Peggy Whitson and Russian flight engineer Yuri Malenchenko -- was satisfactory , though the three had been subjected to severe G-forces during the re-entry . Search helicopters took 25 minutes to find the capsule and determine that the crew was unharmed . Officials said the craft followed a very steep trajectory that subjects the crew to gravitational forces of up to 10 times those on Earth . Interfax reported that the spacecraft 's landing was rough . This is not the first time a spacecraft veered from its planned trajectory during landing . In October , the Soyuz capsule landed 70 kilometers from the planned area because of a damaged control cable . The capsule was carrying two Russian cosmonauts and the first Malaysian astronaut . E-mail to a friend	Soyuz capsule lands hundreds of kilometers off-target Capsule was carrying South Korea 's first astronaut Landing is second time Soyuz capsule has gone awry
Havana  CNN  -- The revolution , apparently , will not have its own perfume line . Fragrances dedicated to leftist guerrilla fighter Ernesto "  Che " Guevara and deceased Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , have been canceled for disrespecting "  sacred symbols , " according to a government statement published Saturday in the Cuban Communist Party daily Granma . A day after the revolutionary-themed fragrances -- called "  Ernesto " and "  Hugo " -- were announced , the island 's top leadership criticized a Cuban-state company for trying to cash in on the men 's images . "  Appropriate disciplinary actions will be taken for this grave error , " read the statement from the executive committee of the Cuban government Council of Ministers . "  Initiatives of this type will never be accepted by the people or the revolutionary government . " After fighting along side Fidel Castro in the Cuban revolution , Guevara , a native of Argentina , was killed in 1967 will trying to foment another leftist uprising in Bolivia . Cuban government officials have previously criticized international companies ' efforts to capitalize on Guevara 's famous visage , which has been used to market everything from rock bands to luxury automobiles . Chavez was a key ally to the Cuban government , supplying the island with millions of barrels of oil and adopting a brand of socialism similar to the Cuban revolution 's in his native Venezuela . He died in 2013 from cancer . According to the Cuban government statement , neither of the men 's families approved the use of their names for the perfumes .	Company wanted to roll out Che , Chavez fragrances Leaders call this a ` grave error ' Families had not approved the use of their names
CNN  -- Remember being a kid , stuck home from school because you were sick , and "  The Price is Right " would come on ? I was that kid , and Ben Blatt was that kid , too . The difference between us is that when I was choosing college classes by their attendance policy , Blatt graduated from Harvard with a degree in applied math -- and then used what he learned to figure out how to win at "  The Price is Right . " When Blatt , a staff writer at Slate , discovered that there were collections of data based on the outcomes of the over 70 pricing games from the show , the mathematician inside leaped at the chance to look for patterns , and he found a few places where a person could not only do better than chance , but even win 100 % of the time ! Now , a couple caveats : This is just based on a few years of data  Blatt says each game is played about 10 times a year  so the samples are n't perfect , and you ca n't use math to win every game  so , sadly , Plinko perfection remains painfully out of reach  . However , he outlines a couple tips that could help you up your game at home -- or even , should you get the chance , on set . Bet better The game -- Contestant 's Row : The first stop for anyone on the show is "  Contestant 's Row , " where four players chosen from the audience bet on a featured prize , and the person closest to the correct price without going over wins . Blatt went through show transcripts for five years and compiled the data to figure out what is best to do . The tip : Bet $ 1 higher than the highest bid . According to Blatt 's data , the last person to bid wins 35 % of the time , but if they guessed $ 1 higher than the highest bid , they would win 53.8 % of the time . Why it works : People are afraid to overbid , because you definitely lose if you bid too high , so they typically bid a bit lower than what they think the actual price is . Betting $ 1 more takes advantage of this . Clean their clock The game -- Clock Game : Guess the exact price of two prizes in less than 30 seconds . On a wrong guess , the host will tell you if you need to guess higher or lower . The tip : Assume both prizes are worth between $ 500 and $ 1,000 then cut the difference in half and repeat . According to Blatt 's analysis based on more than 75 games , this strategy works 100 % of the time . Why it works : Splitting the difference each time is the fastest way to home in on the correct price  It 's technically called a ` binary search '  and should keep the times you have to guess on each prize below 10 . Since you get unlimited guesses , you just need to be quick about each guess and victory is yours ! Stop the yodeling The game -- Cliff Hangers : Known to most of us as "  the yodeling game , " players guess the two-digit price of three items . A mountain climbing figure clad in lederhosen makes his way one step closer to the top of a mountain for every dollar your guess is from the actual price . If he travels over 25 steps  if your guesses total more than $ 25 off  then he falls and you lose . The tip : Guess $ 19 the first time , and then guess $ 11 more than the price of the previous item on your second and third guesses . Why it works : Blatt 's research found that each prize is slightly more expensive than the prize before it , so the step up of $ 11 is in the sweet spot to compensate for the increase . Based on over 50 games , this strategy worked 100 % of the time . The Magic Pick The game -- Magic Number : The contestant is shown two prizes and has to guess a number that is between the prices of the two prizes . The tip : Guess $ 2,250 . Why it works : Because of math . Blatt crunched all the numbers from over 50 plays of Magic Number , and found that guessing $ 2,250 would win 79 % of the time . The average contestant only won 44 % of the time . Blatt 's article outlines some more strategies  including another game where he found a strategy that works 100 % of the time  and includes a "  Price is Right " cheat sheet that 's so complete , it even earned a retweet from Drew Carey , the show 's host . Bob Barker will celebrate 90th birthday on ` Price is Right '	Slate staff writer Ben Blatt crunched the numbers to find ways to win on "  Price is Right " On Contestant 's Row , use the $ 1 higher strategy , he says On Cliff Hangers , also known to most of us as "  the yodeling game , " go with 19 and add 11
Egyptians , angry at reports of inadequate security at a soccer match where 79 people died Wednesday in a riot , clashed with police , leaving two dead in the city of Suez and at least 900 injured in Cairo , officials said Friday . The injuries occurred near the Interior Ministry headquarters in Cairo , said Dr. Adel Adawi , a health ministry spokesman . Egypt 's deputy health minister , Dr. Hisham Shiha , said on Egyptian TV that many of the casualties resulted from asphyxiation or bone fractures . The two fatalities in Suez died of gunshot wounds , said the general manager of Suez General Hospital . Earlier , hundreds of protesters attacked the security forces ' headquarters in the city with rocks and Molotov cocktails ; security forces fired tear gas and warning shots into the air , said Suez Police Maj. Mahmoud Mustapha . About 25 protesters were injured in Suez , he said . Thursday 's violence occurred as the country began three days of mourning for those who died Wednesday in the Mediterranean city of Port Said . The soccer violence reignited demands for Egypt 's military-led government to make reforms and improve security . An emergency parliamentary session was called . In Port Said , dried blood caked seats in the stadium where fans of the hometown Al-Masry club stormed the field after a 3-1 win over Cairo 's Al-Ahly club . Rival fans battled with rocks and chairs , and witnesses said many of the Al-Masry fans carried knives and sticks . Many suffocated in the crush of bodies that formed as fans attempting to flee the stadium found their escape blocked by a locked steel gate , survivors said . In the aftermath , horrified fans questioned why police had not stopped the Al-Masry fans from rushing the visitors ' stands , why exits were barred and how fans were able to take weapons into the stadium . "  We believe this is something that has been well-organized , " said Khaled Mortagy , a member of Al-Ahly 's governing board . "  I 'm sure there are some hidden hands behind this , but we can not really see , or we can not really confirm , who is behind all that . " Mortagy said he believes the incident had nothing to do with sports . Members of the club are shaken by what occurred . At least 47 people were arrested after the clashes , said Gen. Marwan Mustapha , a spokesman for Egypt 's Interior Ministry . Mortagy said lawyers for Al-Ahly want to sit in on questioning by prosecutors as an investigation goes forward . "  It 's a big catastrophe for Egyptian sports ... a black day for football , " he said . The incident at Port Said , at the mouth of the Suez Canal , ranks among the world 's worst sports disasters . It prompted officials to suspend indefinitely Egypt 's football premier league . See high-res images of the riots Mamdouh Eid , executive manager of the Al-Ahly fans committee , said authorities contributed to the escalation of the violence . "  The police stood there watching , and the ambulances arrived late . I carried several dead fans in my arms , " he said . But Gen. Ismail Osman , a member of Egypt 's military council , told Mehwar TV on Thursday that the military and police were not responsible for what happened . And Mustapha said fans stoked tensions during the entire match . "  There were organized groups in the crowds that purposely provoked the police all through the match and escalated the violence and stormed onto the field after the final whistle , " he said . "  Our policemen tried to contain them but not engage . " Egypt 's fledgling parliament erupted in anger over the national tragedy , with the debate growing so heated that the body 's speaker ordered a live broadcast of the session cut off . The order was retracted after lawmakers objected . Witnesses : Police stood idle A committee will investigate the circumstances behind the riot . Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri suspended Port Said 's security chief and the head of police investigation . The two men will face an inquiry . Ganzouri also accepted the resignation of Port Said 's governor . A deputy of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party demanded the resignation of the interior minister , holding him responsible for the loss of life . It was unclear whether the riots were ignited by intense sporting rivalry or political strife . Egyptians just marked the anniversary of the revolution that toppled the longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak . In Cairo , somber protesters in Tahrir Square -- many dressed in popular Al-Ahly club attire -- decried Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , even though Field Marshal Mohamed Tantawi had tried to allay their fears . "  The general prosecutor has started to investigate this saddening incident that hit all the Egyptian people with sorrow and regret , " Tantawi told Nile TV . "  We will know what the reason is and who caused the catastrophe that happened in Port Said . " Tantawi said the incident is not "  something that will let Egypt fall . "	2 dead , 25 injured in Suez violence , police say Al-Ahly official says "  hidden hands " were behind the violence at Port Said Egypt 's parliament erupts in anger as the nation observes three days of mourning At least 47 people were arrested after the clashes , officials said
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey appointed its new military chiefs at the end of four-day Supreme Military Council meeting on Thursday , filling the vacant positions after the country 's top four commanding officers left their jobs en masse last Friday . Their unprecedented departures were due to disagreements between the military and the government over the fate of officers in jail for allegedly taking part in plots to overthrow the ruling Justice and Development Party . Following approval by President Abdullah Gul , his chief press adviser Ahmet Sever made the final decisions public . As expected , the former Gendarmerie Commander General Necdet Ozel will become the Chief of General Staff once the decision is made formal with cabinet approval . Ozel was appointed to this position in acting capacity Friday night to resolve the crisis that erupted before the council meeting . Sever announced that General Hayri Kivrikoglu will be the new land forces commander , while Admiral Emin Murat Bilgel will become the head of naval forces and General Mehmet Erten will take over as the head of air forces . General Bekir Kalyoncu is appointed to lead the Gendarmerie . About 200 soldiers , both retired and active-duty , are defendants in cases of alleged coup plots against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's government . There are high-level officers in jail among them who were in line for promotion . Contrary to claims that these officers would be suspended or forced to retire , the military council extended their tenure for a year , which appears to be a compromise between the government and the military . The Turkish military , the second largest armed forces in NATO , has always perceived itself as the guardian of the secular regime founded by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1923 . It has overthrown at least four civilian governments since 1960 . However , its influence has been gradually declining since Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party has been in power since 2002 . Since then , the generals , as well as other elements of Turkey 's traditional secular establishment , have periodically clashed with Erdogan , whose party has its roots in political Islam .	Turkey names four new top commanders The previous top four quit last week Military Council extends tenure of officers jailed on coup charges
CNN  -- Actor Edward Furlong tried to hide , but ended up caught and behind bars in California for allegedly violating a protective order filed against him by an ex-girlfriend , authorities said . West Hollywood , California , deputies responded at 5:44 p.m. Thursday to a call about a possible violation of a protection order , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Friday in a news release . They found the suspect -- the 35-year-old actor best known for his role in "  Terminator 2 : Judgment Day " -- hiding on a nearby property . He was arrested and brought to a sheriff 's substation in West Hollywood , authorities said . The protective order was imposed after the actor was arrested following a domestic disturbance at the same address in January , the sheriff 's department said . He was then charged with felony domestic violence and domestic battery . The actor , who was already serving probation , is being held on $ 100,000 bond , according to Los Angeles County jail records . After his breakthrough role as John Connor in 1991 's "  Terminator 2 " alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger , Furlong went on to play roles in a number of movies , including "  American History X , " and TV projects , such as "  CSI-NY . " CNN 's Tresha Lindo contributed to this report .	NEW : The actor is being held on $ 100,000 bond , jail records show Deputies in West Hollywood got a call about a possible protection order violation They arrive to find actor Edward Furlong hiding on an adjacent property , authorities say Furlong is known for his roles in "  Terminator 2 , " "  American History X " and "  CSI-NY "
Washington  CNN  -- NATO has begun high-level internal discussions on how to protect Libya 's mustard gas supplies if the stockpile suddenly was deemed to no longer be secure , an Obama administration official tells CNN . At this point the effort is considered "  prudent planning " only , the official said , but this is the first indication the international community could be prepared to secure the stockpile currently at the Rabta site south of Tripoli . The mustard gas is not weaponized and would be difficult to use in any immediate attack . But much of the concern is that material could be diverted or sold to third parties such as terrorist groups . The United States is involved in the safeguard discussions , but there is no current consideration of sending U.S. troops the official said . The focus of the planning effort is what to do "  if a force of some type is needed to secure the site , " he said . "  The discussion is : who is best suited to do it ? " Any force could include both military personnel as well as intelligence or contractor personnel with the technical expertise in monitoring chemical stockpiles . A NATO official said if there is a need to send personnel to Rabta it might be done by individual nations rather than the alliance which would have to reach a consensus on sending NATO forces on a new mission . At the moment no one has publicly said whether Moammar Gadhafi 's forces or rebel forces are in control of Rabta , although U.S. officials have said for days they believe the stockpile is secure . The discussions have accelerated in recent days as the Gadhafi regime began to collapse . "  We are watching the chemical weapons and SCUD missiles to make sure they are not used in the endgame , " a senior NATO official told CNN .	Libya has a stockpile of mustard gas at Rabta south of Tripoli The gas is not weaponized and would be difficult to use A force might be needed to secure the site The concern is that the material could be diverted or sold to third parties such as terrorist groups
London  CNN  -- Fans and friends of Paul McCartney gathered in central London Sunday to watch the ex-Beatle walk down the aisle for the third time , as he married girlfriend Nancy Shevell . The couple arrived together just before 3:30 p.m. , the groom in a blue suit and the bride in a long-sleeved white gown with a white flower in her hair . Both wore outfits by McCartney 's fashion designer daughter Stella , said Monique Jessen of People magazine . The crowd of hundreds went wild when they appeared , with one well-wisher saying of the match : "  It just seems right . " McCartney , 69 , and his 51-year-old bride left Marylebone Town Hall about an hour later and waved to crowds while being showered with confetti , before arriving at McCartney 's home . Ringo Starr , the only other surviving former Beatle , was there , as was iconic U.S. television host Barbara Walters , who reportedly played a role in introducing McCartney and Shevell , an American trucking heiress . Walters is Shevell 's second cousin , she said on her show "  The View " in 2007 . McCartney and Shevell got engaged in May , a McCartney representative told CNN at the time . The wedding took place at the same venue where McCartney married his first wife , Linda , in 1969 . She died of breast cancer , aged 56 , in 1998 . A memorial service for her two months later was the first time McCartney , Starr and George Harrison appeared together in public since the Beatles split in 1970 . John Lennon , the fourth member of the band , was shot dead in New York in 1980 . Shevell , the bride , is the daughter of a New Jersey trucking magnate . She is an executive at her father 's company , New England Motor Freight , and a 10-year member of New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority . She was married once before , to lawyer Bruce Blakeman , who is active in Republican and Jewish circles in New York state . He ran unsuccessfully for Senate against Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand last year . Her father 's company has annual revenues of about $ 400 million , says Blakeman 's biography on his law firm 's website . Press reports say they have a 19-year-old son . Alison Cathcart , who performed McCartney 's third wedding , called the venue "  a rock 'n' roll place to tie the knot . " Liam Gallagher and Patsy Kensit married there , as did Melanie Griffiths and Antonio Banderas . Cathcart has conducted marriage services for celebrities including Sylvester Stallone and Joan Collins , Westminster City Council says . McCartney 's second marriage -- to model Heather Mills -- ended in a bitter divorce in 2008 after four years . They have a daughter , Beatrice . Mills fought for a large divorce settlement , saying McCartney had limited her ability to work as a model during their marriage and that she had acted as a psychologist to him as he grieved for his first wife . Judge Hugh Bennett all but laughed both assertions out of court , saying her testimony was not only "  inconsistent and inaccurate but less than candid . " He awarded her 24.3 million pounds  $ 48.6 million at the time  -- less than one-fifth of the 125 million pounds she had asked for . Sunday would have been John Lennon 's 71st birthday . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell leave their wedding in London "  It just seems right , " one well-wisher says of the match They 'll wed at the same venue where the former Beatle married his first wife Linda His marriage to Linda ended with her death , and his second marriage ended in bitter divorce
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- More than 50,000 residents of northern Colombia remained homeless Monday after the rain-swollen Magdalena River broke through dikes and flooded towns and surrounding areas . Floods hit Valle de Cauca , Colombia , last month . Floods are blamed for 67 deaths in Colombia since September . In the town of Plato , the water flooded 4,000 homes and buildings , leaving 40,000 people homeless , Mayor Jose Rosales Cortina told El Tiempo newspaper . The floodwaters washed away 50 houses , he said . No fatalities have been reported in this weekend 's flooding . "  Everything is collapsing -- the economic system , the health system , public services , " Rosales Cortina said in an interview on CNN affiliate Caracol TV . "  We need help , " one anguished woman said on the newscast . "  Do n't you see that the town is totally flooded ? We do n't have anything in this town . No one helps us here . " The flooding has hit several other riverside cities in Magdalena , one of Colombia 's 32 state-like "  departments . " Municipalities in other departments also have been flooded . In Plato , about 560 miles north of Bogota , the Magdalena River broke through a levee Saturday . The suddenness of the flooding surprised many residents . Water reached the rooftops of many homes and power was lost in most of the city . "  The water roared . It roared , " said resident Noris Padilla . "  The current took you away . You could n't hold onto anything . It took away eight houses here . " Alvaro Padilla said on Caracol TV that he went underwater to look inside his house , which had water nearly to the roof . "  The furniture , the bed , the television , everything is under water , " he said . Thousands of homeless residents have taken shelter in hospitals , schools and sports venues . Police in Plato , which has 70,000 residents , have restricted access to the city because of looting . Caracol showed a resident carrying a rifle overhead as he waded through chest-high water . "  First of all , they steal our electric wiring . They take our roofs . They take all that away . So we have to stay here , " the man said , pointing to his weapon . At a nearby school , La Escuela Urbana Mixta San Rafael , a man was treading water near the building 's front wall as he spoke with a reporter on a boat . "  The computers , the fans , all that is underwater , " he said . Magdalena Gov. Omar Diaz Granados said officials have delivered 2,500 food baskets , 1,000 hammocks , 1,000 awnings , 5,000 sleeping bags and 10 rolls of plastic to make shelters . Plato Mayor Rosales said eight of the city 's 11 districts were flooded , including several government buildings , the courthouse , a clinic and the city 's main Catholic church . The priest had taken refuge on the second floor of the parish house . Even though some food has been delivered , Rosales said , some people are hungry . "  There is still no official tally , but the losses are in the multimillions , " Rosales told El Tiempo , "  There are stores , houses and farms destroyed . In sum , people who lost it all . " In the town of Pedraza in Heredia department , 4,000 people fled to higher ground after the Magdalena ripped a 150-foot hole in a retention wall . Water reached the rooftops of more than 330 homes and flooded the town 's school and church , El Tiempo said . At least 2,500 residents lost everything . In Bolivar department , 1,500 families were flooded out in the town of Regidor . Nationwide , the Colombian Civil Defense said , nearly 1 million people have been left homeless since Colombia 's rainy season started in mid-September . The rainy season has lasted longer than usual . Officials say flooding has killed 67 people and injured 94 this year , Caracol Radio reported . Eighteen people remain missing in 27 departments .	Floodwaters from Magdalena River reach rooftops in northern Colombia The river broke through levee and "  roared " through a town , residents say Floods in Colombia blamed for 67 deaths since rainy season began in September
The loudspeaker at a nearby mosque warned Ifat Najeeb what was coming . Najeeb , 60 , woke to warnings that a flood was imminent in the Gogjibagh region of Srinagar , Kashmir , where she and her husband live . Residents were advised to leave and move to safer areas . "  I woke up suddenly and felt something was wrong , " Najeeb told CNN . "  Soon there was a thud and our main gate had been flung open by gushing waters which were rising alarmingly . " Moments later , water was pouring into Najeeb 's home . "  Within no time our first floor was inundated . We rushed upstairs to the third floor as we watched dreadfully the waters covered the second floor in no time as well , " Najeeb said . Najeeb and her husband were rescued by authorities , eventually relocating to an unaffected area in uptown Srinagar . They consider themselves lucky . "  Mercifully , the waters did not rise beyond the second floor , otherwise I and my husband would not be alive to tell the story , " she said . Recent flooding brought by heavy monsoon rains has wrought death and destruction in India and Pakistan since the rains began on September 2 . Floods are n't uncommon in Kashmir , but these have been particularly severe in terms of damage and loss of life . Nearly 500 have lost their lives in both countries , officials tell CNN . At least 280 people have been killed in Pakistan and more than 500 others injured , the government there said . And at least 200 people have died in flooding in Indian-administered Kashmir , Indian Home Ministry spokesman Kuldeep Dhatwalia told CNN . Some volunteers in that country fear the toll could be much higher . "  Our teams on the ground in Srinagar have seen a number of bodies floating . The casualty is believed to be much more than what his being officially reported , " said Syed Zafar Mahmood , president of the nonprofit Zakat Foundation of India group . "  A number of villages have been washed away . " By Saturday , military and other emergency crews were able to rescue more than 276,000 people from parts of the flood-ravaged region under Indian control , according to officials . Home to 12 million people , the state of Jammu and Kashmir is India 's 19th most populous province . South Asian monsoon 's trail of destruction Public anger Indian officials said rescue efforts continued on a massive scale , but refused to confirm reports that hundreds of thousands of people still remained stranded a week after floods wreaked havoc in the Himalayan valley . Public anger has grown over the government response to the disaster in the restive mountain state , beset with decades-old militancy and a center of conflict between archrivals India and Pakistan . TV footage showed frustrated residents shouting slogans and heckling at least one senior Kashmiri politician , who visited a relief camp in Srinagar in the aftermath of the catastrophe . There have also been reports of sporadic attacks against rescuers . Many people are accusing the local government of a failure to deal with the disaster . "  There was a complete breakdown of communication , " said Sheikh Manzoor Ahmed , a New Delhi-based Kashmiri man whose ancestral house collapsed in Srinagar . "  Hospitals got flooded . There was no one to coordinate locally with rescue teams arriving from other parts of the country . How can they be expected to know the topography of the valley ? " Pakistani military delivers aid In Pakistan , the flooding has affected more than 2 million people , the government said . The military has blown up dykes in the central part of the country to prevent overflowing rivers from swamping cities , according to the government . Meanwhile , the military is evacuating residents and dropping food by air in the districts of Multan , Muzaffargarh and Jhang , the Pakistani military said . Civilian and military officials have been using helicopters and boats to evacuate marooned people since September 3 , the military said . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif visited flood-affected residents in Athara Hazari in Jhang district Saturday , according to his office . Sharif said the federal and provincial governments were working together to help the flood victims , adding that "  this is not a favor , but the responsibility of the government to extend a helping hand to the calamity-hit people . "	Pakistan 's government says at least 280 citizens are dead and more than 500 injured At least 200 people have died in India , its government says ; some fear a higher toll Public anger over the flood response is growing in India 's state of Jammu and Kashmir Pakistan 's military has evacuated residents from flood-hit areas , dropped food by air
CNN  -- Morocco should be just two months away from hosting Africa 's biggest sporting event . Instead , the country has been barred from taking part in the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations . National coach Badu Zaki should be fine tuning preparations for his team , perhaps hopeful of success given that over a third of Nations Cup hosts have won the tournament . Now his team is n't even allowed to compete . That was the punishment meted out by the Confederation of African Football  CAF  on Tuesday , after Moroccan officials refused to host the Nations Cup in January because they fear the spread of Ebola . After stripping Morocco of the right to stage the competition , CAF says it is now studying the applications of an unspecified number of countries prior to announcing a new host . "  These applications are currently under review and the Executive Committee will finalize the selection of the successful national association shortly , " African football 's ruling body said in a statement . Ghana international Asamoah Gyan is one prominent African footballer to support the decision to maintain the scheduled competition dates of 17 January to 8 February . "  I think the African Cup should proceed , it has to be played whether in Morocco or anywhere , " he said on his official Twitter page . "  I heard stories about canceling the tournament and I do n't think it is a good thing . We should just support the countries that have been affected by the disease and move on . " Despite knowing where the Nations Cup will be held in nine years ' time  Guinea  , African football fans still do n't know where the tournament will take place in just over nine weeks . Speculation is feverish as to which country might step in . After Morocco requested its postponement in October , CAF contacted several countries to see if they would consider hosting should the North Africans pull out . Of those countries , 2013 hosts South Africa have been the most adamant in saying they do not want the competition . Ghana was also approached but public reaction in the West African nation against hosting the tournament was strong -- and this may be a problem for whichever country eventually stages the finals . With CAF rules stating that only the host nation automatically qualifies for the tournament , the Atlas Lions ' elimination was effectively landed when Morocco decided against hosting the tournament on Saturday . A letter from Sports Minister Mohamed Ouzzine informed CAF that Morocco was maintaining the stance it adopted last month , when it asked for a postponement of at least six months to allow sufficient time to contain the Ebola outbreak . CAF 's decision to disqualify Morocco comes on the day that the team began preparations for Thursday 's match against Benin , which had been intended as a Nations Cup warm-up . ` Deadly Pandemic ' The Ebola virus has so far ravaged three West African countries -- Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- with 4,960 reported deaths , according to the World Health Organization  WHO  . On November 3 , CAF rejected the Moroccan request for a variety of reasons -- the most prominent of which was that the WHO was only recommending the cancellation of large gatherings in those countries most affected by the outbreak . Morocco has been untainted by the virus so far . It said its call for a postponement was "  dictated by health reasons of the most dangerous kind , linked to the serious risk of the spread of the deadly Ebola pandemic . " The government believed thousands of traveling fans from West Africa posed a potential health hazard , although CAF countered by saying it believed less than a thousand would travel from that region . In its statement on Tuesday , it also hinted at likely sanctions for Moroccan authorities . CAF 's Nations Cup rules suggest that the Moroccans may be in line for a $ 50,000 fine , while there is also the possibility of a further sanction for the team given the late withdrawal . Morocco will still host next month 's Club World Cup , saying that few visitors from sub-Saharan Africa visited the North African nation when it first hosted the FIFA event last year . The Nations Cup draw , which had been scheduled for 26 November in the Moroccan capital Rabat , may now also move , said CAF . The body also added that the forthcoming qualifiers will not change , with the 15 qualifiers set to be determined on November 19 . Most of the interest though will be on the potential sixteenth team in the finals .	Morocco disqualified from Africa Cup of Nations for refusal to host January 's finals CAF said an announcement on the new host will come ` shortly ' Tournament is set to start in less than 10 weeks ' time African football body says sanctions against Morocco will be applied in due course
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Jackie Chan : A-list Asian megastar , iconic kung fu hero to millions and basically a really famous guy . We had been pursuing an in-depth interview with him for months through "  The JC Group , " Jackie 's all-conquering management company . Gaining access to Jackie Chan 's personal "  museum " uncovered many gems during filming . Schedules conflicted , dates came and went - then finally a breakthrough . He was setting aside an afternoon in between a dizzying array of international commitments . Better still , we would be filming in Jackie 's Hong Kong den -- his office which is home to a private "  museum " of memorabilia and awards collected over the years . Jackie Inc. is a sprawling , multi-tentacled empire with offices all over the world - but his hideaway is in a particularly charmless area of Hong Kong . Once inside the dreary office block , you pass a team of people working on JC merchandise and into Jackie 's inner sanctum . The first thing that confronts you is the ordered chaos in his suite of rooms . Clearly incapable of throwing anything away , his office is littered with props , costumes , trophies  including several for his bowling skills  , CDs , and -- some might say -- junk . He is also a compulsive collector . As he later tells us , if a friend gives him a gift such as a tea cup , he begins amassing tea cups until he has to build glass display cases to house his out-of-control collection . Another obsession is antique locks , including one vast , heavy model he hand-carried back from Turkey . Our first sighting of Jackie is odd . We were told he is a very late riser and the main challenge of the shoot for his staff was getting him out of bed . Instead , he arrives early , unannounced and on his own - a rarity with film stars . We are still setting up and he stares at us blankly through thick glasses , then disappears into his gym without a word . We begin to wonder if he actually knows about the interview . Introductions are finally made and the effusive , likeable Jackie Chan is alive and well . He throws himself into the idea of us filming him working out - putting on a bright yellow sweat suit , then pouring out the sweat from his sleeve after 40 minutes on the cross trainer . During the interview , he is animated and a great story teller , discussing brushes with the triads and the last time he saw Bruce Lee alive . As China 's Olympic poster boy , he was clearly uncomfortable discussing Tibet and drew the distinction between sport and politics currently favored by the IOC . Our eventual guided tour took in his room of autographed film star photographs  Robert De Niro his most treasured  and his personal walk-in wine chiller , which was naturally behind a false wall . His business drive is evident . His merchandising arm produces clothes , glasses and Jackie Chan action figures , while he also dabbles in gizmos that interest him - he owns the distribution rights to the Segway in Hong Kong and cheerfully taught Anjali how to ride one . Exhausted , we took our leave after a five hour shoot while Jackie still appeared to be warming up . The following day he left for Japan - ahead of Olympic duties on the Great Wall of China and a quick skip over to India . Unarguably "  the hardest working man in showbusiness " -- when awake . E-mail to a friend	Rare treat to film in Jackie 's Hong Kong den Personal office looked like organized chaos and revealed his many collections Action superstar was still raring to go after exhausting five-hour shoot
CNN  -- It 's not the Oscars , Emmys , Tonys or even the People 's Choice Awards , but there was quite a swirl of competition for those vying to be named king of the potty . The storied Varsity Theater in Minneapolis has taken the crown as winner of this year 's Cintas ' America 's Best Restroom Contest . "  Cintas launched the America 's Best Restroom Contest twelve years ago to raise awareness of the importance of hygiene and to salute those businesses which strive for restroom excellence in both function and design , " said John Engel , Cintas ' senior marketing manager , in a press statement . Cintas sells hygiene products and services to businesses that cater to the public , including hotels , restaurants and airports . None of the 10 finalists are Cintas customers , said a spokesman . World Toilet Day aims to improve sanitation for 2.5 billion The nine other nominees were Viracocha boutique in San Francisco ; Alex Madonna Gold Rush Steak House in San Luis Obispo , California ; Tampa International Airport in Tampa , Florida ; Westfield Garden State Plaza in Paramus , New Jersey ; Sloan 's Ice Cream in West Palm Beach , Florida ; Waldorf Astoria New York in New York City ; Ground Kontrol Classic Arcade in Portland , Oregon ; and John Michael Kohler Arts Center in Sheboygan , Wisconsin . People could nominate their favorite facilities and vote for the winners at bestrestroom.com . The Buc-ee 's convenience store location in New Braunfels , Texas , took the top toilet honors last year . Winners get inducted into the competition 's hall of fame . Click through the gallery to see which bathrooms make a mark .	New York , California had two fabulous potties each Some romantic Romeos take their dates to one vintage store 's restroom A Texas convenience store took top honors in 2012 .
London , England  CNN  -- A British court has granted Tiger Woods an injunction prohibiting the publication of pictures of him taken or obtained in certain circumstances . The order prevents CNN saying what those circumstances are . The High Court in London issued the injunction Thursday afternoon , said the Schillings law firm , which is representing Woods . "  For the avoidance of doubt , this order is not to be taken as an admission that any such photographs exist , " Schillings said in a letter sent to legal departments of British publications . "  Our client is not aware of any images and in any event he would not have consented to any such photographs being taken , nor would he have consented to the dissemination or exploitation of the same . " The court document says anyone who violates the order may be held in contempt of court and may be fined , imprisoned or have assets seized . The 33-year-old golfer , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion last month . The crash prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $ 164 . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck and declined to speak with investigators on several occasions . In the week after the crash , Woods apologized for "  transgressions " that let his family down . On the same day , gossip magazine US Weekly published a report alleging that Woods had an affair with a 24-year-old cocktail waitress named Jaimee Grubbs . "  I have let my family down , and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart . I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " he said in a December 3 statement on his official Web site . US Weekly 's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied , according to The New York Post .	UK court prohibits publication of photos of Tiger Woods taken in certain circumstances Tiger Woods ' petition does not acknowledge such photos exist Golfer in spotlight after car crash , allegations of affairs
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An aid ship trying to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza still plans to aim for the Palestinian territory , its organizer told CNN on Sunday , despite Israel 's foreign ministry saying it would likely dock elsewhere . But the activists on the boat will not resist if they are confronted by the Israeli military , said Youssef Sawani , the executive director of the Gadhafi Foundation , which is sending the boat . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak called the ship "  an unnecessary provocation . " The ship , launched by a charity headed by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's son , set sail from Greece on Saturday carrying 2,000 tons of aid . It should take 70 to 80 hours -- about three to three-and-a-half days -- to reach Gaza , Sawani said . The Gadhafi Foundation refers to the ship as the Hope , although it appears to be registered formally as the MV Amalthea . It is Moldovan flagged and run by ACA Shipping , based in Greece . "  This is purely a humanitarian effort , " he said , adding "  The Israelis should seize this opportunity and allow the goods into Gaza . " Aside from the ship 's crew , Sawani says nine others are on board : Six Libyans , one Moroccan and one person from Niger , all of whom work with the Gadhafi Foundation , plus a journalist from Al Jazeera , Sawani added . Israel insists on controlling the entry of all goods into Gaza , which is run by the militant movement Hamas , because it says it must keep weapons out of the hands of people determined to attack it . Barak said Israel would not allow the aid ship to dock in Gaza , but said it could unload goods elsewhere and Israel would allow them to enter the Palestinian territory by land after Israel inspects them . "  Goods can be transferred into Gaza through the port of Ashdod after they are inspected , but we will not allow the transfer of weapons or ammunition into Gaza , " he said . "  We recommend to the organizers of the flotilla to allow navy vessels to escort it to the port of Ashdod or sail directly to el-Arish " in Egypt . Israeli commandos boarded a Turkish aid ship in May , resulting in violence between the troops and the activists on the ship that left nine Turks dead . The raid prompted international condemnation and threatened Israeli-Turkish relations . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Guy Azriel and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Ship should take about three days to reach Gaza Israel says it will not let ship reach Gaza , calling it "  a provocation " Activists on boat will not resist if boarded , organizer says Israeli defense minister : We will allow goods into Gaza if ship docks elsewhere
CNN  -- In 1974 , a series of powerful tornadoes whipped through Alabama and devastated a small town called Harvest . It happened again in 1994 , and then again last April . Kathleen Graves was there for all three . "  We 're sort of a tornado magnet , " she said , her voice quaking as she surveyed the damage to her neighborhood caused by the latest major storm system to hit her community . "  I 'm basically starting to rebuild , just like I did last year . " Graves , 56 , and her husband , Buddy , were still reconstructing their home smashed by April 's tornadoes when an apparent twister barreled through town on Friday . "  My son called me and said there 's one coming up Capshaw Road , " she said . "  I could hear the ground rumbling . So I stepped outside with my coffee and I saw it . " Turning to her neighbor , she asked , "  Jim , is that a tornado ? " "  Hell yeah , " he responded . "  Run ! " What happened next for Graves seemed a blur . "  I ran through my front door and out the back toward my neighbor 's storm shelter . It was almost like I had blinders on , " she told CNN Saturday . "  I was n't looking where that funnel was , I was just running . " Moments later , the pair flung open the shelter 's metal door and descended underground as powerful gusts swirled overheard . About 15 minutes later , it was over . Surveying the damage , Graves said her front porch and a section of her roof were gone . Much of the house 's siding had also been cleaved off , rooms were damaged and carpets were soaked . "  I was lucky , " said Graves . "  We did n't lose any of our neighbors this time . They did n't die this time . " The state 's emergency management agency said Saturday that at least one person had died and 11 others were injured in Alabama after Friday 's storm . The apparent tornado outbreak also killed dozens of others across the nation , leveling communities from Texas to Indiana and up through North Carolina . Seventeen counties in Alabama reported moderate to heavy damage , including Madison County , where the town of Harvest is located . "  Last year two people died right there on that corner , " said restaurant owner Kim Shelton , referring to a nearby intersection in town . Shelton , 47 , who runs the Harvest House Restaurant on a storm-damaged block , said the region has grown somewhat accustomed to treacherous weather . During last year 's storms , she said , her store was damaged and lost power , but continued to serve food on open grills in its parking lot until National Guardsmen arrived three days later with much-needed aid . "  This is a close-knit community , " she said . Harvest House has also become a neighborhood meeting spot of sorts , and is located roughly a quarter of a mile from Graves ' home in an area where several other houses were damaged Friday . "  It destroyed my trailer , " said resident Nancy Lawson , who had fled to seek shelter with her daughter in the neighboring town of Madison when she heard news of the approaching weather . Less than a year ago , her home -- a house that she and her family had built -- was destroyed in a similar storm . "  It was a nice house . I did n't have much money and no insurance , and so FEMA gave me the trailer . " In 2011 , the Federal Emergency Management Agency dispatched disaster assistance , including trailers , after April storms tore through houses , downed trees and scattered debris across Alabama . But after Friday 's storms , Lawson said her year-old trailer had been rendered unlivable . "  I 'm 75 years old and I 'm tired , " she said . "  It just makes me feel real tired . " Mostly weary of the weather , Lawson says she now has plans to look for a place in Tennessee . "  I just trust in God . " Back at the Harvest House , conversations were abuzz Saturday with talk of the storm . "  It basically followed the same path it followed on April 27th , " said Fred Allen Wilson , a 67-year-old retiree and long-time restaurant patron . "  It just got them again , " he said of his neighbors . "  People are walking around dumbfounded . " Wilson , whose house survived Friday 's storms , said last year 's tornado cost him more than $ 40,000 in home damages . "  How much more of this are we going to take ? " he said . "  Some are saying , ` That 's enough , ' and do n't planning on coming back . " Harvest is in the so-called "  Dixie Alley , " a collection of Southern states , which includes Alabama , where warm-air moisture from the Gulf of Mexico mixes with cold air sweeping down from Canada . The mixture is thought to foster conditions suited for tornadic activity . "  When the seasons change , warm and cold air are fighting more , " said CNN Meteorologist Monica O'Connor . "  That increases the chances . " But the specific path tornadoes take is "  largely happenstance . " State authorities say Alabama historically has been prone to the storms , and encourage residents to develop emergency plans for the start of what 's commonly referred to as "  tornado season . " "  We always know that starting in March we 'll likely have tornadoes , " said state emergency management spokeswoman Yasamie August . "  Fifty-five percent of Alabama was hit by the storms last April , so it 's pretty likely that we 'll have had some repeat hits this year . "	Harvest , Alabama , has a history of coping with tornado damage Town residents are trying to recover after apparent tornadoes leveled parts of Harvest Residents were still repairing their homes from last year when the storms hit 55 % of Alabama was hit by the storms last April , authorities say
CNN  -- It 's almost entirely illegal to use drones for money-making purposes in the United States . But a little Hollywood magic could change that . The U.S. government is considering a request from movie and TV producers to let them use unmanned aircraft to shoot aerial video . Currently , there 's only one exemption to the Federal Aviation Administration 's nationwide ban on commercial drones , called unmanned aircraft systems or UAS . That 's a spot off Alaska 's coast where drones are used by an oil company . But a second exemption could make it easier and less expensive to create memorable movie moments like the opening sequences from Stanley Kubrick 's "  The Shining " and Academy Award winner "  American Beauty . " "  Unmanned aircraft systems offer the motion picture and television industry an innovative and safer option for filming , " Neil Fried , senior vice president for the Motion Picture Association of America , said in a written statement . "  This new tool for storytellers will allow for creative and exciting aerial shots , and is the latest in a myriad of new technologies being used by our industry to further enhance the viewer experience . "  We welcome the FAA 's leadership and support their guidance to safely authorize the use of UASs for the motion picture and television industry . " On Monday , the FAA officially confirmed it is considering the request , which came from seven photo and video production companies . The administration 's statement acknowledged that Hollywood could see "  tangible economic benefits " from an exemption . "  However , all the associated safety issues must be carefully considered to make sure any hazards are appropriately mitigated , " the statement continued . Companies would still have to apply individually for permission to use drones if the exemption is approved , the FAA said . How to shoot amazing video from drones SnapRoll Media , a production company that specializes in aerial shots , is one of the companies that have asked for the exemption . In their application , published by Ars Technica , a CNN content partner , Snaproll said shots done with lightweight , remote-controlled drones would be safer and less disruptive than current shoots that use helicopters . Snaproll said its drones weigh less than 55 pounds , including camera equipment , and almost always travel at speeds of less than 57 mph . "  All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner 's prior consent and knowledge , " the Tennessee-based company wrote . "  Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place . " The suggestion of an exemption marks something of a change for the FAA . As companies from Web retail behemoth Amazon to pizza chain Domino 's have toyed with the idea of deploying drones , the administration has been slow to craft new rules and regulations for them . The Alaska exemption , for ConocoPhillips oil company , came only after prodding from Congress . Hobbyists in the United States are allowed to fly small drones below 400 feet for noncommercial purposes . But one of the administration 's key concerns is how to allow commercial drones without endangering airplanes and other existing , manned aircraft . After a decade of pondering , the FAA said it plans to release a proposal for new regulations in November . Even if it does , it could be months , if not years , before the proposals become legally binding . In its statement , the FAA said companies from three other industries have filed similar appeals for exemptions to the federal ban on commercial drones : agriculture , power line and pipeline inspection , and oil and gas-line inspection .	Seven production companies have petitioned the FAA to use drones for aerial video The Motion Picture Association of America filed on behalf of them Currently , there 's only one exemption to U.S. commercial-drone ban Companies want to use drones to shoot footage for movies , TV
In a decision that goes strongly against Google , Europe 's highest court has ruled search engine operators are responsible for the processing they carry out of personal data which appear on web pages published by third parties -- and that a form of the contentious "  right to be forgotten " already exists . The European Court of Justice 's ruling looks like a strong decision in favor of privacy and individual rights , and against the business models of search engines and certain aspects of freedom of speech . It means , for example , that if a web page can be found by searching for a person 's name the search engine is responsible for the contents of that page . In certain circumstances , the search engine operator will be required to remove the search results and links to that page . Google can be expected to be very unhappy about this ruling indeed , particularly given that last year 's Advocate-General 's opinion suggested the reverse , and the court generally follows such guidance . What is the right to be forgotten ? One of the perennial problems on the Internet is the idea that whatever appears is there forever . Stories that appear discreditable -- whether they are true or not , whether they are up to date or not , whether they tell the whole story or not -- can always be found and brought to the public attention . The "  right to be forgotten " is the idea that we have the right to wipe the slate clean , to remove outdated stories such as spent convictions from the record . There have been versions of this right in a number of European countries -- France , Italy , Spain and Germany , for example -- for some time , but for the most part in pre-Internet forms , designed to stop newspapers republishing out-dated stories . The Internet has changed things so much that some suggest the law needs to catch up . For most people , Google is the main way people find information -- so if you can prevent Google from providing links to a story , to a great extent you prevent people from reading that story . Many cases have been brought against Google -- more than 200 in Spain alone -- demanding that links to stories be removed . The particular one that is the subject of the court 's ruling concerned a real estate auction of property belonging to a man who at the time had social security debts . It was a story from 1998 , but still discoverable via Google , and despite the fact proceedings relating to the debts had been resolved many years before . The man successfully sued both Google Spain and Google Inc. in the Spanish courts but Google appealed , and it is on that appeal that today 's ruling was made . The ruling covered three issues . Firstly , it looked at territory issues , delving into issues such as the ability for Google to be sued , as Google Inc , who operates the search engine and where the data is processed . Secondly , it looked at whether Google be treated as though it controls the data on pages reachable through its search engine -- or whether it is a kind of neutral intermediary . Thirdly , it considered if current law provides for a right to be forgotten that is enforceable on search engines . On all three issues , the court effectively ruled against Google . If a search engine 's business is established in a state , then regardless of where the data itself was actually processed , data protection law applies . In effect , if Google looks to make money in Spain , the search engine itself is subject to local data protection laws . On the data processing issue , the court ruled that Google was responsible as controller and on the third issue , that this responsibility implied that Google would have to remove links and results where appropriate . Specifically , the court ruled that individuals ' fundamental rights "  override , as a rule , not only the economic interest of the search engine but also the interest of the general public in finding that information upon a search relating to the data subject 's name . " This , essentially , is a right to be forgotten . What happens next ? For Google , this result creates a headache , and potentially huge costs . It could open the door to a floodgate of actions , each of which will need resolution . Google will no longer be able to claim immunity . The ruling also needs to be seen in the context of the reform of the data protection regime in Europe . The Data Protection Directive dates back to 1995 , before Google was even founded -- and a new Data Protection Regulation has been going through the tortuous processes through which EU law is formed for the last few years . It appears close to completion -- it passed through the European Parliament in March this year -- and includes a formalization of a right to be forgotten . The story is not over , however , and it is not clear how this ruling will feed into the last stages of the debate . That a form of right to be forgotten is deemed to already exist in the current law could bolster the campaign of those who wish for a full "  right to be forgotten " in the new regime . The potential chilling effect of the ruling could make those who oppose the right redouble their already considerable lobbying efforts to have the right removed from the new regulation , thus rendering this ruling irrelevant . As it is , however , the court has made a ruling that could have a huge impact on how search engines operate , and how we all use the Internet . Read more : Europe 's top court supports ` right to be forgotten ' Read more : Google Glass users fight privacy fearsOpinion : Google , let users opt in on privacy setting	Europe 's top court said Google is responsible for data it links to A data protection expert says the court ruled in favor of privacy and individual rights For Google , this result creates a headache , and potentially huge costs , Paul Bernal writes
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is drafting new plans to hold suspected terrorists without trial indefinitely but allow them to challenge their imprisonment periodically , a White House official said Tuesday . A proposed executive order would cover prisoners who ca n't be tried in civilian courts or before the military commissions set up at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official provided few details , since the draft had not yet been presented to President Barack Obama . But the official said Obama had pledged in May 2009 to give suspected terrorists some recourse . "  We must have clear , defensible and lawful standards for those who fall in this category , " Obama said in a 2009 speech at the National Archives . "  We must have fair procedures so that we do n't make mistakes . We must have a thorough process of periodic review , so that any prolonged detention is carefully evaluated and justified . " The Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that captives held at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay could challenge their detention . But the decision gave no specific guidelines on how often accused terrorists could make their claims . The latest proposal could be aimed at securing political support for the Obama administration as it ponders whether to bring top al Qaeda figures such as Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the accused architect of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , to the United States for trial in a civilian court .	Draft order would give suspects a chance to challenge their detention The Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that captives had a right to review
CNN  -- Will there be a second act ? Theo Kingma , president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , said he hopes Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , the popular co-hosts of this year 's Golden Globes , will return . However , representatives for the association , which hosts the event , declined to comment on whether the women have been approached or asked . The 71st Golden Globe awards ceremony is scheduled for Sunday , January 14 . A representative for Poehler had no comment . From their laugh-out-loud opening quips to their improvised comebacks , old friends and "  Saturday Night Live " alums Fey and Poehler got rave reviews for this year 's performance in January . Right at the onset , Poehler -- the star of "  Parks and Recreation " -- assured the audience that there would only be good-natured jokes during the broadcast , because as the more biting Ricky Gervais has shown , "  when you run afoul of the Hollywood Foreign Press , they make you host the show two more times . " Among their greatest hits :  "  When it comes to torture , I trust the lady who spent three years married to James Cameron . " -- Poehler , referring to Kathryn Bigelow , the director of the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty , " which stirred controversy over its portrayal of the torture of terror detainees .  "  I have not seen someone so totally alone and abandoned like that since you were on stage with James Franco at the Oscars . " -- Fey to Anne Hathaway about the latter 's performance in "  Les Miserables . "  Their heckling , with liquor tumblers in hand , of Lena Dunham , who beat them for the best TV comedy actress award .  Introducing George Clooney : "  This next presenter is so handsome , he makes young George Clooney look like garbage . Please welcome middle-aged George Clooney . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are old friends , "  Saturday Night Live " alums They co-hosted this year 's event and got rave reviews Association declines to say whether they have been invited back
CNN  In a bid to put Middle Eastern countries on the map , its businesses are putting their names on football shirts . As the region 's nations establish themselves as sporting powers , countries such as Qatar and the United Arab Emirates have pumped millions into sponsoring football clubs . A report published by Repucom states that in 2014 alone , brands from the UAE spent $ 163 million on shirt sponsorship deals . It 's a level of spending matched by Qatar , with companies from the gulf kingdom investing an average of $ 49.1 m on each shirt deal it makes with European football clubs . According to professor Simon Chadwick from the University of Coventry , Qatar 's bid to establish global prominence through football is similar to the U.S. establishing itself within the technology industry . "  In the case of Qatar , its 2030 Industrial Vision has sport as a fundamental pillar of its strategic development as a nation , " he told CNN . "  Just as the United States , through Silicon Valley , has positioned itself at the heart of the global IT industry , so sport is being used in the same way by emerging nations . " The Middle East has enjoyed a rapid rise within the world of football , aided by Qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup . Football has now become a booming business in the region , but investors are tending to hand money to European clubs , not their own . The Middle East has spent $ 1.5 bn on acquiring stakes in European football clubs and billionaires from the region have purchased Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain , helping to transform the English and French champions into European powerhouses . Whilst these investments provide much needed financial stability for these clubs , they are also muscling out local sponsorship . It 's becoming more and more likely that European clubs will be owned by wealthy foreigners rather than local companies who have been hit hard by the global financial crisis . Qatar and UAE weathered the economic downturn thanks to the oil industry , so are now set to lead expensive deals in the football world -- and not just for the love of the game .	Qatar and UAE 's wealth make them big players in football The Middle East has spent $ 1.5 billion on European football Is football the next Silicon Valley ?
CNN  -- The Rev. Billy Graham , the 88-year-old legendary Christian evangelist , was hospitalized in North Carolina early Saturday for evaluation and treatment of intestinal bleeding . Evangelist Billy Graham speaks at the Billy Graham Library dedication on May 31 , 2007 , in Charlotte , North Carolina . He was admitted to the Mission Health and Hospitals in Asheville , North Carolina , near his home in Montreat , and is listed in fair condition , a hospital spokesman said in a written statement . "  Mr. Graham 's physicians said the illness does not appear to be life-threatening , as Mr. Graham 's condition had stabilized over the hours following admission and treatment . "  An upper endoscopy and a bleeding scan showed no areas of bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract . The physicians say the bleeding may have come from diverticuli , small pouches that can form in the lower intestine . These may become irritated and bleed . A diverticular bleed often begins suddenly and may stop on its own . " Graham 's wife , Ruth Bell Graham , died in June . E-mail to a friend	Christian evangelist Graham , 88 , in fair condition Admitted to Mission Health and Hospitals in Asheville , North Carolina Physicians say the bleeding may be diverticulitis
Alex Torres will never forget the sound that echoed around Tropicana Field from the pitcher 's mound on a Saturday afternoon last June . More than a year after the pitcher 's then-Tampa Bay Rays teammate Alex Cobb was struck in the head by a concussing line drive , that sound of ball on skull still resonates . "  I came in after Alex Cobb was hit in the head , " Torres told CNN on Sunday . "  That 's really an impression to me , how his head sounded from the bullpen . That was really bad . I was shaking . ` Oh my God ! Oh my God ! ' I 'm glad he 's alive . " Tampa Bay pitcher struck by line drive released from hospital Until Saturday , the most notable thing about Torres ' brief 74-game Major League Baseball career was that the reliever , traded from Tampa Bay to the San Diego Padres over the past year , had struck out more than a batter per inning . But years from now , we might look back at the unheralded , undrafted pitcher as one of the game 's pioneers . When the 26-year-old Venezuelan strolled from the bullpen to the mound for the eighth inning of Saturday night 's game against the Los Angeles Dodgers , he became the first pitcher to wear a protective cap that MLB approved in January for use by pitchers . "  It 's a good idea they make this kind of hat to protect my head , " Torres said . "  You want to protect life . I do n't have a kid yet , but I want to see my kid grow up . " 4Licensing Corporation makes the new IsoBLOX Protective Caps , which its website describes as "  breakthrough technology to protect Major League Baseball pitchers from line drive come-backers . " The optional equipment was made available to pitchers at all levels during spring training , with interested players providing information so they could get fitted caps , MLB.com reported . Line drives back to the mound have caused several injuries to pitchers over the past few years , some very serious . Most recently , the Cincinnati Reds ' star closer Aroldis Chapman sat out the first six weeks of this season after a line drive in spring training caused fractures to his nose and above his left eye . In the most life-threatening incident , Arizona Diamondback Brandon McCarthy , then pitching for the Oakland A 's , took a batted ball to the head in September 2012 , then needed brain surgery because of internal bleeding . The protective caps have padding imbedded inside the side and front . However , the portion of the head below the cap line , where MLB.com says many of the more seriously injured pitchers were struck , remains unprotected . "  The cap is fitted with uniquely-formulated protective plates that use a combination of dispersion and absorption techniques to diffuse energy upon impact with a high-velocity object , " the IsoBLOX website says . "  Under rigorous testing simulating MLB line drives , the isoBLOX  cap demonstrated protection at speeds up to 90 mph in the front and front boss impact locations and 85 mph on the side impact location . " Dan Halem , MLB 's executive vice president for labor relations , and Patrick Houlihan , MLB senior counsel for labor relations , told ESPN in January that to get approval , the cap had to provide protection at 83 miles per hour , below the National Operating Committee on Standards for Athletic Equipment standard severity index of 1,200 . Severity indexes higher than 1,200 are considered high-risk for skull fractures and traumatic brain injuries . An MLB-commissioned study determined that 83 mph was the average speed of a line drive when it reaches the area of the pitching mound , ESPN reported . Player safety in sports has risen to the forefront in recent years , sparked by increased awareness of the repercussions of concussions and chronic traumatic encephalopathy , as well as high-profile player lawsuits against the National Football League . First Major League Baseball player diagnosed with CTE All four major U.S. pro sports leagues -- MLB , the National Football League , the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League -- have updated their concussion protocols in recent years . Eighteen baseball players were placed on the disabled list after concussions in 2013 . In 2012 , 13 players were placed on the list after a concussion , and in 2011 , the number was 11 , according to MLB data . The padding adds 7 ounces to the weight of a cap , which currently weighs 3 to 4 ounces , according to MLB.com . Although the caps look bulky , "  the difference between a regular hat -LSB- and the new one -RSB- is not a big difference . It 's a little bigger than the regular one , " Torres said . Torres said the larger cap does n't interfere with his pitching motion , and he practiced with the new cap on for three or four days over the past week before using it in the Dodgers game , to make sure it would n't bother him . While a lot of Internet response has been supportive , many people online have been making fun of Torres ' sartorial choice . The Padres ' lefty said even a former teammate , Rays ' star David Price , was tweaking him on social media . But he does n't care , possessing the confidence to choose safety over style . "  It looks unusual . It is n't quite as formfitting and as chic as the baseball cap , " the Padres announcers said during the telecast . "  Obviously , the appearance has to change , because a lot of players these days , you can see , they want to look the part . They want to look really good , and that is not a good look . " While Torres does n't think the protective caps should be mandatory for major leagues , he urges parents and children to consider them , because of a key difference between the majors and youth baseball . "  I think -LSB- children -RSB- should be using -LSB- the caps -RSB- because they use aluminum -LSB- bats -RSB- , and the ball comes off the aluminum harder than the bat we are using , " he said .	Padres pitcher Alex Torres is the first MLB player to wear a new protective cap in a game MLB approved the new caps , produced by 4Licensing Corporation , in January 4Licensing says caps protect against line drives up to 85 mph on the side and 90 mph in front An MLB-commissioned study says average line drive to pitching mound travels 83 mph
CNN  -- Journalism can be an unforgiving profession . Mistakes are easy to make , and they 're usually made publicly , which means red faces and awkward apologies all around . The only comfort is that everybody -- EVERYBODY -- makes them at some point . We 'll prove it to you . Here are nine CNN journalists -- including anchor Brooke Baldwin , in the video above -- sharing their most embarrassing professional moments and what they learned from them . Actually record It does n't matter how awesome your interview is if you do n't have a record of it . Steve Goldberg , a CNN senior producer , learned that one the hard way . "  I was covering UGA for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution and had a big interview lined up with the university president , " he says . "  I went in with my tape recorder , took only brief notes , only to get back to the office and discovered that the batteries had died and I did n't have a recording . " So Goldberg had to swallow his pride and go back to the university . "  I asked sheepishly if I could redo the interview and , much to my surprise , he said yes . Lesson learned : Make sure I put in fresh batteries before the big interview ! " It 's critical to make sure you 're intimately familiar with your equipment before you go out in the field to avoid such mistakes .  Mistakes , by the way , that many a CNNer have admitted to making .  And along those lines , make sure you actually , you know , hit record .  Yup , we 've done that , too . Check your facts -- and your geography CNN.com designer Ken Uzquiano single-handedly ceded Wales to England . True story . He created a map of the UK to go along with a crime story on CNN.com . The only problem was , he left off Wales , instead marking the country as part of England . "  Within two minutes , it was all over the blogs , " Uzquiano remembers . And indeed it was . The UK-based tech blog The Register wrote : "  We have some bad news for those of you who woke up this morning thinking you were Welsh : As of right now , you 're English , and you 'd just better get used to the idea . ... Although the offending map has now been removed , when we rang the Welsh Assembly this morning a very glum spokesperson admitted , ` If CNN says we 're English then it must be true . ' " Always have someone -- preferably someone with knowledge of the subject -- look over your stories before you make them public . And double-check your locators , because there 's a Decatur in almost every state , and you want to make sure you 're talking about the right one . Name  the right  names CNN video producer Jo Parker had painstakingly checked her facts . She 'd gotten both sides of the story . She 'd included fantastic , descriptive quotes . Only one problem : She was writing about the wrong guy . "  As a fairly new reporter , I was covering my first town council meeting . I was really proud of the way I 'd balanced the story and included terrific quotes , " Parker remembers . "  I was trying hard to gain credibility , since the previous reporter had irritated local officials by being careless with balance and fairness issues . " "  The next day , the story came out . Before I could finish patting myself on the back , I realized that I 'd written about a town council member -- but used the local district attorney 's name . " Oops . Parker says the mistake taught her to immediately admit the error , take responsibility and apologize as soon as possible . But , perhaps most importantly , "  triple-check the things you ` know , ' " she says . Listen up If you work in TV , you know that live segments have incredible potential for embarrassing screw-ups . CNN iReport producer Rachel Rodriguez was getting ready to present a somber story when she heard the anchor give her an unexpectedly lighthearted intro . "  It was Memorial Day , and I was doing a piece about soldiers we 'd lost , so it was a really sad , serious story , " she says . "  I do n't know how the anchor got the wrong information , but she gave me an intro along the lines of ` It 's a beautiful Memorial Day outside , and everyone 's picnicking and enjoying the lovely weather ! CNN iReport 's Rachel Rodriguez has more on how people are taking advantage of this gorgeous day ! Rachel ! ' " Rodriguez remembers the pit in her stomach growing as she heard the intro on her earpiece . "  There was no graceful way out of it , " she says . "  I just had to take control and turn the conversation around as best I could without making it sound like we were making light of the deaths of soldiers . " The key to recouping ? Listen . Whether you 're conducting an interview or narrating a segment , make sure you 're paying attention to the other person and not just mindlessly reading your notes  or the teleprompter  . Chances are , you 'll need to react to something they say . Put everything in context CNN iReport producer David Williams found a creative -- if entirely unintentional -- way to combine two hot entertainment topics in 2006 : Madonna and "  Snakes on a Plane . " He was filling in for the entertainment producer , and it was "  at the height of the ` Snakes on a Plane ' hysteria , " Williams remembers . "  We ran a story about snake handlers having to deal with large amounts of snake poop during production . I gave it the brilliant but juvenile headline ` Poop on a Plane ' and went on with my day . " His fatal flaw ? "  I did n't really think about how this would look on the CNN.com homepage , " he says . "  The headline above it was about Madonna causing a stir in Germany , " says Williams . "  It looked sort of like this : German authorities watching Madonna poop on a plane . The fine folks at Gawker had a good time with it . " Amusing , but whether you 're writing headlines or choosing quotes to go in a story , the lesson is the same : Take the time to think about the context for your words . Often , that will shape how you use them . The devil is in the details "  When CNN first started going to a system of running videos off of computer codes , it was easy to get the eight-digit numbers mixed up , " says CNN senior producer Tricia Escobedo . I think you can tell where this story is going . "  One day , when I was a TV writer for CNN International , two of the top stories were the annual ` running of the bulls ' in Pamplona , Spain , and some sort of violence in the Middle East , " Escobedo recalls . "  I wrote the story for the anchor to read on CNNI over the video of the deadly violence , but inadvertently put in the number for the running of the bulls . I was horrified when I heard the anchor read about mayhem in the Middle East -- and saw the video of a bunch of crazed bulls chasing after some nutty tourists ! " "  So the lesson is : Check those minor details and logistics , " she says . "  They can lead to major mess-ups . " Relax Ah , internships . Time and scene of so many mistakes . Well , let 's call them "  learning experiences . " Toward the beginning of his career , CNN video copy editor James Dinan interned with the news department of a radio station in Newton , New Jersey . "  After a couple of days learning the ropes and staying out of trouble , I was offered the chance to cover one of the World Cup soccer games from Giants Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , " Dinan recalls . "  It was a simple task -- do a live spot about the game itself , as well as record one or two features about the sights and sounds surrounding the game . " Remember what we said earlier about live segments having excellent potential for mess-ups ? Yeah . "  It was time for my live shot , and I was prepared . Or so I thought , " Dinan says . "  The first words out of my mouth ... "  Italy rebounded from its opening match defeat by upending Norwegia , 1-0 . "  Norwegia ? Was n't that a fictitious country featured in ` Duck Soup ' or a Three Stooges short ? " he jokes . "  I was supposed to say Norway , but I had Norwegian on the brain and , somehow , the two managed to fuse together into a made-up word . " Luckily , Dinan 's boss let him cover another game , Ireland vs. Norway , and he pronounced the country 's name perfectly the second time around . His slip-up is a reminder not to psych yourself out before going on camera -- and not to worry too much about the little things . Read it out loud Here at CNN , we get our fair share of prank phone calls with super-fun fake names . But even if it 's not a prank name , it helps to stop and think about -- and pronounce out loud -- any name you come across . "  In my first job in journalism , among the many things I had to do at a teeny-tiny paper was edit an advice column written by the newsroom staff , " says CNN senior editor Jan Winburn . "  People called in questions , and the newsroom secretary transcribed them and handed them around to staffers to track down answers . " One day , someone called in the following question : "  I would like to find out why Jack Hammers and his equipment are allowed to work at 4 a.m. on Clinkscales and Worley and disturb people 's sleep . " See where this is going ? "  The reporter who got this question dutifully called the city public works department and wrote an answer something to the effect that no one at the department was aware of anyone working at that intersection , " says Winburn . "  The joke , of course , is that she transcribed the question off the phone as Jack Hammers instead of jackhammer ... and I did n't catch it ! " Winburn has kept the clip for more than 10 years . Pro tip : It always helps to read your stories out loud , even if you 're writing for print . Not only does it help make the writing flow , it makes it easier to catch embarrassing errors . And always have a second person read over your story .	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve their storytelling chops This week , we 're sharing mistakes we made in our careers and what we learned Read about CNN producers ' ridiculous headlines , on-air mishaps and other slip-ups Find other journalism and storytelling tips on our Boot Camp homepage
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Explosions and anti-aircraft fire thundered in the skies above Tripoli early Sunday , but it was not clear whether they resulted from another round of cruise missile attacks by allies determined to stop Moammar Gadhafi 's offensive against Libyan opposition forces . CNN 's Nic Robertson witnessed the development a few hours after nearly 1,000 people gathered at Gadhafi 's palace in the capital . The crowd chanted , waved flags and shot off fireworks in support of the government . A defiant Gadhafi said Libya will fight back against undeserved "  naked aggression . " His military claimed nearly 50 people , including , women , children and clerics , were killed in Saturday evening 's attacks . There was no independent confirmation of that statement . American , French and British military forces , convinced that Gadhafi was not adhering to a United Nations-mandated cease-fire , hammered Libyan military positions with missiles and fighter jets in the first phase of an operation that will include enforcement of a no-fly zone . An eyewitness in Tripoli reported seeing signs of gunfire rising Sunday morning from the direction of nearby Mitiga Airport . The anti-Gadhafi activist said she heard "  continuous gunshots " and at least two loud explosions . It was not clear if the airport was also being used as a military installation . The eyewitness , who was not identified for security reasons , said she did not hear the sound of flying aircraft . More than 110 Tomahawk missiles fired from American and British ships and submarines hit about 20 Libyan air and missile defense targets in western portions of the country , U.S. Vice Adm. William Gortney said at a Pentagon briefing . The U.S. will conduct a damage assessment of the sites , which include SA-5 missiles and communications facilities . A senior U.S. military official , who was not authorized to speak on the record , said the cruise missiles , which fly close to the ground or sea at about 550 miles per hour , landed near Misrata and Tripoli . The salvo , in an operation dubbed "  Odyssey Dawn , " was meant "  to deny the Libyan regime from using force against its own people , " said Gortney . U.S. Navy photos showed flashes of light and smoke funnels as missiles soared from a destroyer into the night sky . Earlier , French fighter jets deployed over Libya fired at a military vehicle Saturday , the first strike against Gadhafi 's military forces , which earlier attacked the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Prime Minister David Cameron said late Saturday that British forces also are in action over Libya . "  What we are doing is necessary , it is legal and it is right , " he said . "  I believe we should not stand aside while this dictator murders his own people . " British Defense Secretary Liam Fox said the Royal Air Force deployed Tornado GR4 fast jets , which flew 3,000 miles from the United Kingdom and back , "  making this the longest-range bombing mission conducted by the RAF since the  1982  Falklands conflict . " While there were no U.S. warplanes flying over Libya late Saturday , the coalition was softening Libyan positions before enforcing a no-fly zone , Gortney said . The Libyan military , in a statement broadcast on state TV , said , "  An enemy attacked the state on March 19th with rockets ... Those enemies killed 48 martyrs -- mostly women , children , and religious clerics . They left more than 150 injured . The majority of these attacks were on public areas , hospitals and schools . They frightened the children and women near those areas that were subject to this aggression . " Gadhafi , speaking early Sunday on Libyan state TV , said the U.N. charter provides for Libya 's right to defend itself in a "  war zone . " Weapons depots will be opened , he said . "  All you people of the Islamic nations and Africa , and Latin America and Asia , stand with the Libyan people in its fight against this aggression , " Gadhafi said . Air attacks on several locations in Tripoli and Misrata have caused "  real harm " to civilians , a Libyan government spokesman said . An eyewitness in Misrata said Gadhafi 's forces are targeting fuel and power stations in an effort to make citizens believe the damage is being done by coalition forces . The eyewitness , who was not identified for security reasons , said people celebrated allied airstrikes on loyalist positions in the city . CNN could not verify the account . Shortly after the first missile attacks , U.S. President Barack Obama informed the American people of the efforts by a "  broad coalition . " "  The use of force is not our first choice , " the president said from Brasilia , Brazil . "  It is not a choice I make lightly . But we can not stand idly by when a tyrant tells his own people that there will be no mercy . " Obama is planning for the U.S. portion of the military action in Libya to only last for a few days , according to a senior administration official , who was not authorized to speak about sensitive military matters . "  After that we 'll take more of a supporting role , " the senior official said . Obama authorized U.S. military force from Brazil on what happened to be the eighth anniversary of the start of the war in Iraq . Coalition partners say Gadhafi has failed to adhere to a United Nations resolution that imposed the no-fly zone and ordered him to stop attacks on civilians . "  He 's clearly been on the offensive , " the senior U.S. military official said of Gadhafi . "  He said that he was going to do a cease-fire and he continued to move his forces into Benghazi . " Earlier Saturday , Gadhafi issued defiant messages to international powers . "  I have all the Libyan people with me and I 'm prepared to die . And they are prepared to die for me . Men , women and even children , " Gadhafi said in a letter addressed to Obama and read to reporters by a government spokesman in Tripoli . Obama , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Gortney used the term "  unique capabilities " to describe the U.S. part of the effort . Officials have said American military forces are meant to augment Arab , European and other Western troops . In the next few days , U.S. military officials expect to hand over control to a coalition commander . Canada and Italy also are part of the coalition . "  Our air force will oppose any aggression by Colonel Gadhafi against the population of Benghazi , " said French President Nicolas Sarkozy , speaking after a top-level meeting in Paris over the Libyan crisis . The international meeting -- which included Western and Arab partners -- focused on how to take on a Libyan government bent on destroying the fledgling opposition movement under the U.N. resolution authorizing force to protect civilians against the Gadhafi government . Rebel forces in Benghazi used a captured army tank as a victory symbol , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported . Earlier Saturday , incoming artillery rounds landed inside Benghazi , and pro-Gadhafi tanks rolled into the town firing rounds , witnesses said . A flaming fighter jet plummeted from the sky , nose-diving to the ground . Khaled el-Sayeh , the opposition military spokesman , said the plane was an old MiG-23 that belonged to the rebels . As night fell over Benghazi on Saturday , the city became quiet and calm . While plumes of smoke could be spotted , the pro-Gadhafi tanks seen earlier were not in sight . El-Sayeh told CNN that "  tens " had been killed in Benghazi on Saturday . He said Gadhafi forces had withdrawn from the city and that they were positioned 50 kilometers  31 miles  outside Benghazi . CNN could not independently verify those details . Gadhafi -- in a separate letter addressed to Sarkozy , Cameron and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon -- called the U.N. moves "  invalid " because the resolution does not permit intervention in the internal affairs of other countries . Violence has raged in Libya following protests calling for democracy and freedom and demanding an end to Gadhafi 's almost 42-year-long rule . It 's a conflict spurred by anti-government protest and resulting regime violence against civilians -- which the U.N. resolution cites as "  outrageous " and Sarkozy calls "  murderous madness . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Chris Lawrence , Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Ed Henry , Jim Bittermann , Paula Newton , Richard Roth and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	British jets flew 3,000 miles to bomb targets Explosions , gunfire heard overnight in Tripoli Gadhafi supporters rally in Tripoli Gadhafi vows to counter "  naked aggression "
CNN  -- Robert De Niro has always liked to keep a bit of himself hidden from view . "  I 've never been one of those actors who has touted myself as a fascinating human being , " he reportedly once said . "  I had to decide early on whether I was to be an actor or a personality . " Of course , the modern celebrity-industrial complex being what it is , he did n't get much of a choice . In hindsight , it 's hard to remember a time when De Niro , who turns 70 on Saturday , was n't Robert De Niro , with his movie star image -- brusque , intense , Italian , New Yorky -- front and center .  In real life , De Niro -- despite his name -- is a mix of ethnicities , including German , Dutch and Irish , though he identifies most closely with his Italian heritage . But that was n't always the case . In the first two decades of his career , he generally disappeared into roles as smoothly and casually as putting on a new suit . You know them all , of course . The brash , manic Johnny Boy in "  Mean Streets , " the first of his many Martin Scorsese collaborations . The ailing , slow-witted catcher in "  Bang the Drum Slowly . " "  Godfather II 's " young Vito Corleone . "  Taxi Driver 's " Travis Bickle . Jake LaMotta  "  Raging Bull "  , Rupert Pupkin  "  The King of Comedy "  , Al Capone  "  The Untouchables "  , Jimmy Conway  "  Goodfellas "  -- all chips of a multifaceted , diamond-bright talent . Oscar-winning , too : He took home the statue for 1974 's "  The Godfather : Part II " and 1980 's "  Raging Bull " and has been nominated five other times . Those early characters often had something in common . Some were gangsters . Some had hair-trigger tempers .  "  You talkin ' to me ? "  There were often hints of hardscrabble lives aching for success , even in cases where they 'd achieved it .  Behind the eyes of De Niro 's Corleone , long after he starts wearing tailored clothes , are the haunted memories of tenement flats and Ellis Island . Why we ca n't get enough of the gangster life Still , there was always a sense of mystery . The 5-foot-9 actor had that mesmerizing ability to seem taller or shorter , depending on the role . He famously plowed himself into the Method , gaining and losing weight for "  Raging Bull , " driving a cab for "  Taxi Driver " and learning saxophone for "  New York , New York . " He kept viewers off balance with occasional comic turns , whether it was as a cheerful repairman in "  Brazil " or the exasperated bounty hunter in "  Midnight Run . " It 's no wonder Bananarama had a song called "  Robert De Niro 's Waiting , " in which they fantasized about escaping with this enigmatic leading man , "  talking Italian . " But , more recently , he has been Robert De Niro , the image taking the lead . Given his obvious acting abilities , sometimes it has gotten a little wearying . Why is Robert De Niro in "  Showtime " and "  15 Minutes " ? Who talked Robert De Niro into "  The Fan , " "  The Score " and "  Righteous Kill " ? Ca n't he work with Scorsese again ? What happened to the mystery ? Well , the guy does have a movie festival , some restaurants and a hotel to support . Besides , the actor still gets his turns . He was a shambling spin doctor in "  Wag the Dog , " the creature in "  Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein , " Fearless Leader in "  The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle , " a parodistic don in "  Analyze This " and "  Analyze That , " and the ramrod ex-CIA agent in the "  Fockers " series . He has even started showing a little more of himself . He broke down while discussing last year 's "  Silver Linings Playbook " on Katie Couric 's talk show . And whether Robert De Niro or Robert De Niro , he 's been a steady presence . The guy 's always working : more than 80 films since 1968 , with seven this year alone -- including "  American Hustle " with director David O. Russell , who directed De Niro 's Oscar-nominated performance in "  Playbook . " He promises more to come . After all , he 's only 70 . "  I might like to do things that are more retiring , " he reflected in 2011 . "  But not retire . As long as I 'm enjoying what I 'm doing , why retire ? " Why , indeed ? Birthdays are full of surprises .	Famed , much-lauded actor Robert De Niro turns 70 on Saturday De Niro 's career began with him disappearing into roles More recent films have found him falling back on image , but still taking chances De Niro is n't retiring soon ; he has seven movies out this year alone
CNN  There 's a new reality TV show , called "  My Husband 's Not Gay , " about four men in Utah who say they are attracted to men and yet have chosen to marry women . The show has stirred up controversy , in some cases for all the wrong reasons . "  I think it 's irresponsible to be airing a show with the content that gives the idea that sexual orientation is a choice , " GLAAD President and CEO Sarah Kate Ellis said . "  That a discredited and old idea . " ABC 's Robin Roberts agreed : "  To even give the idea that it is a choice can be very dangerous , especially to young people who are dealing with their sexuality and trying to figure things out . " Much of the gay community 's critique of the show centers around the fact that these four men , who are Mormon , are linked to deeply anti-gay "  reparative therapy " that teaches men to "  pray away the gay . " This so-called "  therapy " is as psychologically damaging to individual gay people as it is to our societal aspirations to be ever more equitable and tolerant . The show reinforces gay self-loathing by driving home the idea that being gay is inconsistent with being a person of faith . Nothing could be further from the truth . Maybe what needs changing is n't these men but the Mormon Church ; that would be a better angle for a reality show . At the dawn of the gay rights movement , people wanted to liberate sexuality not only for gay men and women but also for everyone , expanding the range of sexual self-expression along a spectrum of identities . But some believed that gayness would be less threatening to the heterosexual status quo if it 's was n't a choice . The phrase "  sexual preference " gave way to "  sexual orientation , " suggesting something unchanging , the gay south to heterosexual north . Scientists hunted for the "  gay gene " as proof that sexual orientation is fixed at birth . Lady Gaga 's "  Born This Way " seemed to seal the deal . Or did it ? Some people think being gay is a choice ; some disagree . The debate continues . But in a free society , everyone should be free to make a choice about sexuality . This may seem like a very disruptive notion to heterosexuality , but I 've always favored a version of gayness that is very disruptive to the status quo . In the face of restrictive traditions that argue one should choose to not be gay , how should one respond ? The best answer is that people should feel entirely free to choose whatever sexuality they want and that their choice should be celebrated and afforded full legal protections and cultural equality . Your sexual identity and self-expression should be up to you . And that is the problem at the heart of "  My Husband 's Not Gay " and "  reparative therapy " : not the idea that being gay might be a choice but that being straight is compulsory or forced , whether by religions of society in general . That compulsion is the problem . The antidote to that , simply , is choice . Mormons , for instance , choose to be Mormon . While most of us are born into a faith tradition , no one would seriously argue religious beliefs are written into our biology or DNA . But we honor and respect religious choices , and afford them protections under our laws because we are a nation that continually aspires to increasing freedom and self-determination . It 's perfectly wonderful to choose to be Mormon . It 's perfectly wonderful to choose to be gay . And it should be perfectly wonderful to choose to be both . That would be a reality worth tuning in for .	Sally Kohn : A new reality TV show is about four gay Mormon men who are married to women Kohn says the show has stirred up controversy , but for all the wrong reasons
CNN  -- At first Alon Meyer thought it was a bad joke . When Kreshnik Berisha , the first suspected member of ISIS to stand trial in Germany , was arrested upon his arrival back in Frankfurt in December after spending six months in Syria , youth team football coach Meyer was left shell-shocked . The coach thought for a while and then it slowly sank in -- this was the same boy who had once stood by his side and taken the field in the shirt of Makkabi Frankfurt , Germany 's largest Jewish sports club . Meyer 's phone began to buzz with journalists trying to ask him whether he remembered Berisha , a 20-year-old born in Frankfurt to Kosovan parents . "  I did n't think it was serious -- I remember when the journalist told me , I did n't believe it , " said Meyer , who is also the president of the 40 different Makkabi clubs in Germany , which he says has some 4,500 members . "  This was a guy who used to play with Jewish players every week , he was comfortable there and he seemed so happy . "  He was a normal player , never shouting too much and was fighting on the field with his friends . "  We are a Jewish club with a Jewish heart -- and everybody who has been involved with us knows that . "  Now , within three years , he 's back in Germany facing prison having left us and been radicalized . "  It 's very , very abnormal . " Berisha is expected to receive a sentence of between three to four-and-a-half years for allegedly being a member of a foreign terrorist organization . Judge Thomas Sagebiel is offering a more lenient sentence than usual in exchange for a confession and information about ISIS . "  We do n't want to destroy his future with all our power , " said Sagebiel during the trial last month . A sentence is expected to be handed down in the coming weeks . In a written statement read out by his lawyer during the court case , Berisha explained his motivation for traveling to Syria via Turkey in July 2013 . "  The inconceivable violence used by the Alawite Assad regime against the Sunni majority was enraging and bewildering . No-one wanted to help the people there , " it said . "  I saw it as my duty to fight against the suppression and tyranny . " Statistics provided to national newspaper Die Welt by the German intelligence agency , Bundesamt f 1/4 r Verfassungsschutz , states that around 450 Germans have traveled to fight in Syria . According to German media , Berisha was radicalized while studying construction engineering at college . In his statement , Berisha told the court how he was hoping to lead a normal life after serving out his sentence . While he awaits his fate , those who used to share the same football field as him are still reeling . "  His old teammates were very shocked -- they did n't know how to react , " Meyer said . "  They could n't believe it , nobody has contact with him . "  He was moving out of the area and people lost contact with him . " Makkabi Frankfurt has 1,300 members and gives opportunities to the wider community to take part in an array of activities . With 30 sports on offer and 23 different football teams for ages as young as four all the way through to 55 , it is a club at the very center of the Frankfurt community . It has opened its doors to everyone in the past decade , with Meyer insisting Makkabi Frankfurt "  does not talk about integration , it lives integration . " "  A few people in the community were shocked and called me to discuss what we should do , " he said . "  They asked whether we should go back to just looking after our own but I said we can not do that because of one person . "  This is a club for everybody and we want everybody to come and play together . "  We have opened ourselves up to everybody and that is how we live . "	Kreshnik Berisha arrested in Germany for links with ISIS Berisha used to play for a Jewish football team in Frankfurt Club and community shocked by events Sentence expected to be handed down next month
Washington  CNN  -- North Korea 's missile maneuvering has raised the question of how the United States should respond , with some in Congress calling for shooting down anything that goes up . The issue gained new urgency on Thursday with the disclosure that a Pentagon intelligence assessment suggested North Korea may have developed the ability to fire a nuclear-tipped missile at its foes . It was the clearest acknowledgment to date by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program , and came amid heightened concerns over recent threats by Pyongyang of attacks against South Korea and even U.S. territory . At a background briefing on Friday , a Republican member of Congress called the assessment of possible nuclear missile capability old news that first came out in 2011 . However , the legislator said even a remote chance that a North Korean missile could be carrying a nuclear warhead means the United States should intercept it instead of waiting to find out . 5 things we still do n't know about North Korea 's nukes Hawkish Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , endorsed such a response earlier this week , saying that if North Korea launched a missile , "  we should take it out . " "  It 's best to show them what some of our capabilities are , " McCain told Foreign Policy 's The Cable in remarks that his office confirmed as accurate . Adm. Samuel Locklear , commander of the U.S. Pacific Command , told the Senate Armed Services Committee this week that the United States has the capability to shoot down a North Korean missile . While U.S. officials do not specify , a combination of sea and land-based defense systems could be used to intercept a North Korean missile . The Pentagon has announced plans to increase radar detection and land-based missile defense capabilities in Asia in coming months and years . Under questioning by McCain , Locklear advised against automatically intercepting any North Korean missile , saying the United States also had the ability to determine its trajectory and destination before making a decision to bring it down . Nuclear North Korea unacceptable , Kerry says "  We should have a sense of where it 's going to be aimed , " Locklear said . "  If we do n't , it does n't take long for us to determine where it 's going and where it 's going to land . " To CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , an automatic response to shoot down any North Korean missile would be "  precisely the wrong " approach . "  It would be a kind of silly tit-for-tat that would escalate in an entirely unpredictable manner , " Zakaria said this week . "  I think it would be a kind of hot-headed response , when what we need right now are calm and steady nerves . " However , the congressional Republican at Friday 's briefing said shooting down any North Korean missile would send a strong message that the United States had limits to its patience in dealing with Pyongyang , and would also demonstrate the ability to counter-act such provocative and potentially catastrophic steps . A declassified portion of the Pentagon intelligence report concluded with "  moderate confidence " that North Korea had the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon with a ballistic missile , though the reliability was believed to be "  low . " The White House made clear Friday that the government does n't believe North Korea has the capability mentioned in the Pentagon document , with spokesman Jay Carney telling reporters : "  It is our assessment that North Korea has not demonstrated the capability to deploy a nuclear-armed missile . " Carney 's comment was similar to a statement by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , who concurred with a Defense Department response that "  it would be inaccurate to suggest that the North Korean regime has fully developed and tested the kinds of nuclear weapons referenced in the passage " of the Defense Intelligence Agency assessment made public on Thursday . Clapper , the nation 's top intelligence official , also said the information from the DIA assessment was "  not an Intelligence community assessment . " Opinion : Why I fled North Korea "  Moreover , North Korea has not yet demonstrated the full range of capabilities necessary for a nuclear armed missile , " Clapper 's statement concluded . The GOP member of Congress described Clapper 's statement as carefully worded and noted the final sentence indicated North Korea was on its way to nuclear missile capability , even if it had yet to prove it could execute a successful launch . Carney offered a similar assessment Friday , telling reporters that North Korea had demonstrated nuclear capability and missile capability . "  While it might sound simple , it is not surely simple to take the next step , " Carney said . "  But make no mistake , the North Koreans have thus far demonstrated a desire to continue along this path . " Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday in South Korea that despite the DIA assessment , it would be inaccurate to suggest North Korea can launch a nuclear-armed missile . "  Obviously they have conducted a nuclear test , so there 's some kind of device , " Kerry said in reference to three underground nuclear weapons tests by North Korea since 2006 . "  But that is very different from miniaturization and delivery and from tested delivery and other things . " North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea in recent weeks , including the possibility of a nuclear strike . Any missile launch by North Korea would be a "  huge mistake , " Kerry added as a warning to the nation 's young leader . "  If Kim Jong Un decides to launch a missile , whether it 's across the Sea of Japan or in some other direction , he will be choosing willfully to ignore the entire international community , his own obligations that he has accepted , and it will be a provocative and unwanted act that will raise people 's temperature with respect to this issue , " Kerry said . The United States was prepared to enter into talks with the North , but only if Pyongyang was serious about negotiating the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , according to Kerry . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " he told a news conference with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se . U.S. officials say China is growing more concerned about the North 's provocations , but it also is closely watching Washington 's latest military moves in the region . The GOP legislator at Friday 's briefing said China has the ability to quickly impact North Korea , which depends on Beijing for aid to keep it solvent . In particular , China could cut off black market supplies of fuel and food across North Korea 's northern border , or shut down an oil pipeline between the countries , the legislator said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jill Dougherty , Jethro Mullen and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Sen. McCain says show the North Koreans we can stop whatever they send GOP legislator : Even if remote , any chance of a nuclear missile requires shooting it down White House : North Korea lacks nuclear missile capability , but it 's trying Fareed Zakaria calls automatically downing any missile the wrong approach
CNN  -- Anna Gordy Gaye , the sister of Motown 's founder and ex-wife of late legendary singer Marvin Gaye , has died . She was 92 . She died early Friday surrounded by relatives , her family said in a statement . Her 14-year marriage to Gaye ended in divorce , but not before she inspired some of his songs , including "  Pride and Joy " and "  You 're a Wonderful One . " The couple divorced in 1977 but remained friends until his death seven years later , the family said . He was shot by his father with a gun he 'd given him for safety . She is survived by a son , Marvin Gaye III , and two brothers , including Berry Gordy , who founded the Motown record label . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Abbey Goodman contributed to this report	Gordy died Friday surrounded by relatives Her 14-year marriage to Marvin Gaye ended in divorce She inspired some of his hit songs , including "  Pride and Joy "
CNN  -- FIFA wants to enlist the help of Kevin-Prince Boateng and other high-profile stars from the world of soccer to help drive racism out of football . AC Milan 's Boateng left the field in a match against Italian fourth tier side Pro Patria in January after suffering racist abuse from the crowd , sparking further debate on whether enough was being done to tackle the problem . Football 's governing body joined forces with the United Nations Thursday to explore ways of combating discrimination and they said top players like Boateng can play a vital role . Boateng , an ex-Ghana international , is due to meet Sepp Blatter on Friday and the FIFA president penned a speech that was presented to the U.N. on International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . It read : "  When a player has to choose between leaving the field of play to make a statement against racism or staying on the pitch and tolerating the intolerable , we know the football community has fallen short of its obligations to protect its members . "  Despite the many victories we have won in football against discrimination and prejudice , we know we still have a problem today and we know more has to change . "  We have to step up our efforts , to keep fighting . We at FIFA supported Kevin Prince-Boateng for making that principled , brave stand . But we all know it was not a solution . It was a wake-up call . No player should have to make that choice . "  We , within the footballing community , now need a watertight commitment from grassroots to international level to better enforce FIFA 's tough anti-discrimination regulations . "  And we hope to work with Kevin and other high-profile figures in the game to root out racism once and for all . " Boateng 's actions drew a mixed response but it undoubtedly highlighted the issue and now he is hoping to assist FIFA in their anti-racism work . He told the conference about his decision to leave the field : "  Normally , this should n't be the thing to do . FIFA is pushing very hard . Generally speaking , yes , players should n't walk off . "  But I hope the authorities will now take concrete action in the fight against racism . " Former Arsenal and France captain Patrick Vieira was also at the U.N. conference in Geneva , Switzerland , and he told FIFA 's official website the fight was moving in the right direction . Racism continues to blight soccer with several incidents making headlines in the past calendar year , aside from Boateng 's walk off . Recently , Inter Milan was charged by European football 's governing body UEFA for racist chanting towards Togolese striker Emmanuel Adebayor , who plays for English club Tottenham . Last month , Inter was fined $ 65,500 by the Italian football authorities after its fans were found guilty of racially abusing former players Mario Balotelli and Sulley Muntari , who now play alongside Boateng at rivals AC Milan . Fellow Italian club Lazio was hit with a $ 52,000 fine in February by UEFA for several offenses , including a fourth charge of racist behavior this season . Serbia was ordered to play one under-21 match behind closed doors and was fined $ 105,000 by UEFA for racial abuse in a match with England . UEFA president Michel Platini has appealed the verdict of his organization in the hope of seeing stiffer punishments administered . Chelsea and England captain John Terry was charged by UK police after allegedly making racist remarks to Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 . Terry was cleared of the charges in a London court in July 2012 . FIFA also moved to clarify comments made by Blatter in the Spanish media on the possibility of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar being moved from their summer to winter . Blatter reportedly told newspaper AS that FIFA 's executive committee must accept the criticism it is now receiving for their decision to choose Qatar as host , with concerns mounting over player safety due to excessive heat and humidity in the country . FIFA said any question on moving the tournament would have to come from the Qatari organizers and as it stands the World Cup is still scheduled for June or July in 2022 . Blatter told AS : "  Any request for change must come from Qatar . But they have not made this request yet , because they know that if they do so , the other bidders could say ` ah , there is a change . ' " On the question of whether the vote could be repeated he added : "  I do n't know , I do n't know . This is a hypothetical scenario . In this moment , the organizers from Qatar have confirmed to us that they can organize the World Cup in summer . " Brazil and Italy drew 2-2 in an entertaining international friendly match in Switzerland . Goals from Fluminese striker Fred and Chelsea midfielder Oscar had put Brazil into a 2-0 lead at halftime . But Daniele De Rossi pulled a goal back for Italy soon after the break before AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli scored with a fine strike from range to seal a 2-2 draw .	FIFA to work with players like Kevin-Prince Boateng in fight against racism Soccer 's governing body joined with United Nations to discuss racism in sport AC Milan 's Boateng walked off in a match after suffering racial abuse from crowd FIFA president Sepp Blatter says 2022 World Cup can only be moved on Qatar 's request
ALBUQUERQUE , New Mexico  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain on Monday defended his opposition to a Democratic bill that would expand education benefits for veterans , saying it would hurt the military that he hopes to lead . Sen. John McCain is co-sponsoring alternative legislation to the GI Bill that the Senate passed last week . The new GI Bill being debated in Congress would expand education benefits for veterans who served at least three years in the military after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The bill 's main sponsor , Sen. Jim Webb , is a Virginia Democrat and , like McCain , a Vietnam War veteran . The Senate passed Webb 's bill 75-22 last week . McCain was not in Washington for the vote . Democrats have targeted McCain for his opposition to the Webb legislation . Watch McCain talk about the U.S. debt to veterans Saying he takes "  a back seat to no one in my affection , respect and devotion to veterans , " McCain said Webb 's bill would be a disincentive for service members to become noncommissioned officers , which he called "  the backbone of all the services . " "  In my life , I have learned more from noncommissioned officers I have known and served with than anyone else outside my family , " McCain said at a Memorial Day event in Albuquerque . "  They are very hard to replace . Encouraging people to choose to not become noncommissioned officers would hurt the military and our country very badly . " A former Navy officer , McCain was a prisoner of war during Vietnam . McCain , along with Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Richard Burr of North Carolina , has introduced an alternative bill that would increase education benefits on a sliding scale based on an individual 's years of service . McCain argues his bill would have a smaller impact on retention rates than the legislation that the Senate passed . "  The office of president , which I am seeking , is a great honor indeed , but it imposes serious responsibilities , " the presumptive GOP nominee said . "  I can only tell you , I intend to deserve the honor if I am fortunate to receive it , even if it means I must take politically unpopular positions at times and disagree with people for whom I have the highest respect and affection . " Over the weekend , Sen. Barack Obama , who appears to be the likely Democratic nominee , again tried to tie McCain to Bush by noting that both of them oppose the GI Bill expansion . "  I revere our soldiers and want to make sure they are being treated with honor and respect , " Obama said Saturday . "  I think the GI Bill is one way for us to do that , and I hope that John McCain and George Bush decide they believe the same thing . " Sparring between McCain and Obama over the GI Bill got personal last week when McCain said he would not be lectured from someone "  who did not feel it was his responsibility to serve our country in uniform . " Obama has n't served in the military . Referring to Iraq in his closing comments Monday , McCain said he recognized Americans have grown tired of the war and the mistakes made , "  but we can not react to those mistakes by embracing a course of action that will be an even greater mistake , a mistake of colossal historical proportions . " "  We must give Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus and the Americans he has the honor to command adequate time to salvage from the wreckage of our past mistakes a measure of stability for Iraq and the Middle East , and a more secure future for the American people , " he said . Later Monday , McCain will attend a fundraiser in Albuquerque . On Tuesday , President Bush will fly to Phoenix , Arizona , for a fundraiser at a private residence . Bush has been one of the Republican Party 's most prolific fundraisers , and McCain will need help to keep up with Democratic fundraising this fall . The McCain campaign said the event will be held at the senator 's home because it is more private . But the Phoenix Business Journal said the event was moved from the Phoenix Convention Center due to lackluster ticket sales and concern over anti-war protesters . A McCain aide denied the report on poor ticket sales . The aide also said the event was n't moved to McCain 's private residence to avoid having the senator and unpopular president appear together on camera . "  We have a policy that fundraising events are closed events , " the aide said , adding that any confusion about the fundraiser originally being open to the press should be chalked up to the campaign "  working out the kinks " on its first event with Bush . McCain consistently has trailed the two remaining Democratic presidential candidates in fundraising . The $ 17 million McCain raised in April was dwarfed by the nearly $ 31 million by Obama and the $ 21 million by Sen. Hillary Clinton . McCain also trails both Democrats in the amount of cash on hand . He had nearly $ 22 million in the bank at the end of April , while Obama had more than double that amount -- nearly $ 47 million -- and Clinton had nearly $ 30 million . CNN 's Alexander Marquardt , Ed Henry , Mary Snow and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. John McCain says general must have time to bring stability to Iraq McCain says GI Bill sponsored by Democrats would hurt military McCain , Sen. Barack Obama sparring over expanded veterans ' education benefits President Bush will attend a fundraiser for McCain in Arizona
Washington  CNN  -- Congress set off for a two-week recess Friday , flying out of Washington under a dark cloud : the "  Do-nothing " label . But that term is too easy . If you take a closer look , it turns out the better fit may be the "  wasted-time " Congress . The terms "  do-nothing " and "  Congress " may be so cemented together that the phrase no longer tells us much . At the moment , it may sound redundant . In 2013 , Congress spent more time at the office but got less done with it than at any time in recent history . How much got done ? Let 's start there . There are many measures of congressional activity , but one has sparked the "  do-nothing " label : Bills passed .  Bills passed 2013 : 64  Where does that place ? : That is the lowest amount in modern history .  What about recent years ? : 148  ' 12  , 90  ' 11  , 258  ' 10  and 125  ' 09  . The lowest figure during President George W. Bush 's term was 136 , double the amount passed this year . Lawmakers pass more blame than bills Wait , bills passed does not mean "  good " bills passed . This is true . And it is a key argument for Republicans especially . "  It 's not how many bills you pass , " Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , told CNN , "  It 's how many you stop . A lot of them are bad . " This is what we 're getting at here by bucking the "  do-nothing " label . It does not capture the extent of the problem in Congress . 6 reasons why 2013 was a bad year for Obama How else can you measure the mess on Capitol Hill ? By the hundreds of hours it took Congress to get so little done . Days in session ? We could look at the days in session , which were officially more than 150 for both the House and Senate . That is average for the Senate and way above average for the House . But those figures can be misleading : They include "  pro-forma " sessions when the House and Senate are not really in Washington . Instead , consider time in session  Senate time in session : More than 1,098 hours .  House time in session : More than 786 hours . .  Relatively : That 's higher than average for the Senate over the past 30 years . And lower than average for the House . Senate clears key nominations , leaves town for Christmas And there were issues that both parties pledged to address , but left unresolved in that work time . To name a few :  Jobs , long-term unemployment  Immigration  Energy policy In other words , Congress spent hundreds of hours in Washington -- far more than average for the Senate -- and still was not able to address most of the biggest issues of the day . "  It 's a lot of wasted time , " Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , told CNN , her frustrated tone at odds with her bright holiday red sweater . " Ridiculous ... It 's exhausting ... It 's been getting worse and worse every year . Exponentially . There are so many issues we could be dealing with , and we 're so discouraged . " This is perhaps the greatest area of bipartisan agreement : Congress is in Washington , but doing less . "  I think we 've been working less , to be honest with you , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said as he left the last Senate vote of the year . When asked about the increased hours in the Senate , he was quick to respond , "  The number of hours doing nothing ? Yes , absolutely . " There is a pervasive sense of frustration mixed with no clear path toward a better , more able Congress . "  I think a majority of the members are trying ... and hope that getting back to where the Congress does its job is just right around the next corner , " said Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , who previously served as the Republican whip in the House . He lowered is voice . "  And we keep turning that corner and finding out we 're not there yet . And that 's frustrating . " It is a combination of doing relatively little , but taking an enormous amount of time doing it . "  A lot of wasted time to me , " Boxer repeated . Obama says 2013 was n't his worst year	Congress spent more time in office this year but got less done Some Republicans argue that it 's number of bad bills stopped that shows effectiveness "  It 's been getting worse and worse every year , " veteran Democrat says Long-time Republican says , "  I think we 've been working less "
CNN  -- Pure products of Hollywood , "  The Hunger Games " and "  John Carter " were conceived , designed , stretched and pre-tested with one purpose : to lighten billfolds while satisfying mass appetites . These two movies seemed especially intent on seizing the wavering attention spans of young people with premises deeply rooted in science-fiction -- or , as some genre lovers might prefer to call it , speculative phantasmagoria . Same goals , different results . Drastically . Different . Results . Hunger Games , in case you had n't heard by now , has exceeded advance expectations by reaping $ 155 million in its first three days of nationwide release . That 's the third-highest opening tally in box-office history , just beneath the $ 158.4 million drawn from 2008 's Batman sequel , "  The Dark Knight , " and not too far removed from the $ 169.2 million made last summer by "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part II . " Those latter two features were sequels , while "  Hunger Games " is just the first installment of what will almost certainly be a trilogy of films made from Suzanne Collins ' phenomenally popular trilogy of books . The stories are set in a dystopian future in which a totalitarian society forces teenagers to engage in globally televised ritual murder . This means that "  Hunger Games " made the biggest , fattest opening-weekend nut of any movie that was n't a sequel or spin-off . Meanwhile , after two weeks in the Great American Multiplex , "  John Carter " continues to tumble in what many believe is a downward spiral of similarly unprecedented dimension . Disney 's lavish , $ 250 million adaptation of the swords-on-Mars fantasy novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs brought in $ 5 million , increasing its overall box office to $ 62.3 million -- roughly half of which was made in its own opening weekend . Those using the word "  epic " to classify "  John Carter " now use it to describe its estimated $ 200 million shortfall . "  John Carter , " for whatever it 's worth , is n't quite as dismal a movie as it is a moneymaker . Thirty , even 20 years ago , it might have been exotic enough to be taken for pop-cultural innovation . Now it comes across as a lumbering , good-natured oaf who happened to stumble into the marketplace at the wrong time . On the other hand , "  The Hunger Games , " with its reality-TV-on-toxic-drugs premise , is so very much "  of its time " that it 's tempting to think much of its imagined future has already arrived .  Do you feel a draft ? I do . Meanwhile , those who approach "  John Carter " with foreknowledge of its box-office crash-and-burn might be surprised to see how charming it can be at times , especially when its eponymous Civil War veteran-turned-rhino-riding superhero  Taylor Kitsch  is adjusting his previously Earth-bound muscles to Martian gravity . In its heedlessly bombastic manner , the movie is faithful to its origins as a rip-snorting romantic fantasy much like Burroughs ' far more famous stories featuring Tarzan . If the producers were more willing to let Andrew Stanton direct the movie as the garish , live-action comic strip it was meant to be , it might have connected , though not necessarily for a home run . But even the decision to call the movie "  John Carter , " instead of "  John Carter of Mars " or even "  A Princess of Mars , " the actual title of Burroughs ' first installment of the Carter opus , is emblematic of an over-cautiousness that dampens every sequence and set-piece . The whole movie feels worked-over , second-guessed , whipped to a thickness that hobbles the movie 's momentum . It 's as if "  John Carter " wants you to see every single one of those aforementioned millions of dollars up on the screen . And who besides an accountant would care ? The budget of "  Hunger Games " is an estimated -- and , as with the movie itself , relatively modest -- $ 100 million . There are flashy things to see in Gary Ross ' movie , from the chompers on Stanley Tucci 's unctuous host to the pyrotechnic dress worn by the story 's otherwise ice-cool heroine Katniss Everdeen  Jennifer Lawrence  . But the movie 's adapters , including Suzanne Collins herself , know that the basic story elements have already worked their mojo on their target audience ; even those who have n't read the books likely were drawn by curiosity . Whatever special effects were marshaled on the movie 's behalf did n't seem as important as how Kat would wriggle or shoot her way out of trouble . Those wishing "  Hunger Games " had more tragic dimension or made its audience more explicitly feel the sting of its carnage have a point . But the movie was n't made for them . It was made for the millions of young readers who , for whatever reason , share Kat 's smoldering resentment of the status quo . I 'd like to think that as these young adults of all ages buy their tickets to this speculative phantasmagoria , they retain some suspicion , however vague , that the hype masters who made them flock to the multiplexes on cue over the weekend exert a not-altogether-benign influence over their lives . If that 's so , and I 'm not really all that hopeful , it may become harder over time to hurl big , bloated carnivals at them to lighten their wallets . Even if they 're good-natured , slovenly lugs like "  John Carter . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : "  Hunger Games , " "  John Carter " exist to make money , appeal to masses But "  Hunger 's " returns went through the roof , he writes , "  Carter 's " fell through the floor Wildly expensive "  Carter " seems old , he says , while "  Hunger Games " is of the moment Seymour hopes young audiences are aware of Hollywood 's hype manipulation
ON THE ATLANTIC OCEAN  CNN  -- Up on the Lido Deck there is a rockin ' band playing another love song . Rush of Fools gets the crowd going during an afternoon concert on the Lido Deck . Hundreds of people , many clad in bikinis or swim trunks , maneuver deck chairs , trying to maximize their worship time in the sun . Servers mill around the deck , trying to interest potential patrons in fruity concoctions . Other cruisers peer back at the band as they stand in the buffet line for an afternoon snack . The band stops , thanks the crowd for joining them on the ship and talks about why they are here . They are here to praise God . This is the K-Love Friends and Family Cruise , a four-day Christian music retreat filled with concerts from all types of bands that share one message . "  You look out at that ocean and you realize you are looking at a very small chunk of the big picture , " says David Carr , drummer for the contemporary Christian band Third Day . "  It reminds me of how small we are and how big and expansive God is , yet He still loves us . " More than 3,000 fans are on board the Destiny for this floating meet-and-greet bound for Grand Turk . Premier Christian Cruises has chartered the whole ship and has filled each day with concerts , shows and speakers . It 's the sixth time Premier has put on this event . The Destiny , owned by Carnival Cruise Lines , is the largest ship the group has ever chartered , says Gary Gentry , one of three owners of Premier . It 's one of three full-ship and one partial charter the company puts on each year . The Friends and Family Cruise features 15 bands as well as comedians , an illusionist and speakers . You can see an author in the morning , a rock band in the afternoon , a singer-songwriter in the evening and a big band late at night . "  To me , life is about making moments , " Gentry says . "  I think that 's what we have been able to do on the cruise , help people create moments of significance in their lives . " He compared putting all the bands together on a ship with some of their most loyal fans to the amateur chemistry sets kids love to play with to surprising results . "  You do n't know what 's gon na happen , but you know it 's going to be kinda cool . " Music cruises have been around for decades but charters are a growing trend in the cruise industry . Each year more companies are renting entire ships not only for Christian artists but for all genres of music . There are events for jazz fans , rock fans , even polka fans . Andy Levine runs Sixthman , a music cruise organizer that connects fans with artists such as John Mayer , Sister Hazel and Emmylous Harris . He says his company is thinking about expanding from five rock music-themed cruises to seven this year and eventually nine . Levine used to work in the music industry and said there are so many walls now between performers and fans that there 's almost no real interaction between them any more . "  Going on a cruise with your favorite artists is one of the coolest ways to make a real pure connection , " Levine says by phone , before boarding a ship full of Barenaked Ladies fans . The biggest challenge for charter companies is to convey to fans the premium costs that come with a music-themed cruise compared to a standard voyage .  Rooms on the K-Love cruise for 2010 run between $ 599 and $ 6,600 and it is already 80 percent sold out . "  If they were to go to a music festival instead they would have to pay a small fortune , more than they would on a music cruise , " says Linda Coffman , who operates the Web site cruisediva.com and has sailed on more than 100 cruises . "  There are hotel costs , food costs and ticket costs , so when you consider all the things included on the ship , music cruises are a good deal . " She adds that one thing you ca n't put a value on is included in the cruise . Many of the artists will stop and chat with the fans out on deck or in the hallways . Or if a fan sees their favorite singer walking around the pool , it 's often OK to ask for a quick picture .  Most cruises do set up autograph sessions and tell fans that is the best time for such requests  . It 's not only cool for the fans , who might find themselves standing in a buffet line right next to the bass player in their favorite band , it 's also cool for the artists , who get to see up close what they mean to people . A woman approached bassist Tai Anderson on the K-Love cruise to tell him how much Third Day meant to her during what had been a painful divorce . She told him how every morning she went for a run , and played their music while she tried to jog away her sorrow . "  Christian music can be an easy target for people to make fun of , " Anderson says . " -LSB- Critics say -RSB- it 's derivative or not its own style but at the same time when I see people have connections like that , it encourages me because it 's a pretty incredible thing . " Fans sometimes also get to see reunions of bands that have n't played together in years . No one had to ask Kirk Sullivan twice to come on what was his 15th Christian music-themed cruise . Sullivan has been a solo artist for the past two and half years , since the group he sang with for 15 years , 4Him , disbanded . But the folks from Premier called him up and said they wanted the group to do one more show . Sullivan , who has an album due out this spring , loved the chance to see some old friends . "  I think what I miss is seeing them on a regular basis , " Sullivan says . "  There 's not anybody else I 'd rather stand on stage with . " As he talks , a woman stops by the table to say hello . She tells him how much she enjoyed the show . He promises to come by and chat with her later . He explains that she and her husband attended a lot of 4Him shows and he 's seen her on past cruises . The cruises also give the performers a chance to see other artists for more than just a passing moment , he said . Most musicians rarely get to hang out because of their schedules but on the cruise , band members get a chance to catch concerts themselves and share dinner conversations with artists who are , as one performer said , in the same boat , so to speak . Fans get a similar experience , says Stacy Conville , a doctor from Louisiana . "  It 's refreshing to get away from the world and all that 's going on , " she says . "  And to do it with other believers is encouraging . "	K-Love Friends and Family Cruise is a Christian music retreat More companies are renting ships for cruises featuring all genres of music Music cruises allow fans to connect with artists in a friendly setting
Editor 's note : Ken Ballen is president of Terror Free Tomorrow : The Center for Public Opinion , a nonprofit institute that researches attitudes toward extremism . Patrick Doherty is deputy director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation , a think tank that promotes ideas across the ideological spectrum . Kenneth Ballen says whoever won the election , Iranians strongly favor free elections and a free press . CNN  -- In a poll conducted three weeks before Iran 's June 12 vote , our nonprofit organizations found a consensus among Iranians , including almost all of those who told us they would vote for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . And that consensus is that Iranians want a truly democratic system . Given Iranians ' own priorities for their government , the events of the past few days may ultimately weaken President Ahmadinejad 's standing -- even among those who did vote to re-elect him . In fact , our survey found that more than 86 percent of Iranians who said they would vote for Ahmadinejad also chose ensuring free elections and a free press as among the most important priorities they have for the Iranian government . The recent events -- the early announcements of election returns , the shutting down of communications networks , the massive protests and now the bloodshed -- have the potential to change what was once an electoral contest into a broader struggle for the soul of the Islamic Republic and the future of Iran itself . Let us be clear : Our polling indicates that the government 's actions run counter to the priorities of almost all Iranians , including its own supporters . And our survey shows beyond dispute that Iranians of all political persuasions want more democratic freedoms , not less . Our op-ed published on Monday has drawn much attention -- and misunderstanding . Our nonprofit organizations conducted the only independent and transparent nationwide public opinion survey in Iran before the June 12 vote . The poll found that Ahmadinejad was leading his nearest opponent , the more reform-minded candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , by a more than 2-to-1 margin , with almost a third undecided . Our poll concluded three weeks before the election . It does not predict the final vote , nor does it measure a possible surge for Moussavi , which many believe occurred in the final weeks . Instead , as we wrote on Monday , our survey indicates "  the possibility that the vote is not the product of widespread fraud " because of Ahmadinejad 's formidable early lead . This single finding , however , has obscured our most important findings , and their significance to what is now enfolding in Iran . Nearly 80 percent want the right to vote for all their leaders , including the all-powerful supreme leader , while nearly 90 percent chose free elections and a free press as the most important goals they have for their government -- virtually tied with the top priority of improving the Iranian economy . And here is the most important fact of all : More than 86 percent of those who told us they support Ahmadinejad also choose free elections and a free press as their most important priorities for their leaders . In other words , in our survey , Ahmadinejad supporters back real democratic reforms in Iran as much as supporters of the more avowedly reform candidate Moussavi . Put all together , our polling shows that Ahmadinejad , running a competent campaign , may have had enough support three weeks before the vote to possibly win the election under the electoral rules as they stood . With Ahmadinejad 's early lead , it is possible that the vote reported did actually reflect the will of the Iranian people , though now , it is impossible to know . Analysts pore over "  ambiguous " election results Yet the government 's actions since the election may have changed the debate in Iran from being about candidates to being about democracy . While we do not know whether the election results were rigged , the government 's handling of the election itself runs counter to principles of democracy , free press and free elections -- goals our polling shows almost all Iranians , whether or not they support Ahmadinejad , strongly support . Moussavi appears to understand this . Yesterday in a massive rally in Tehran , Moussavi stated as much , saying "  The vote of the people is more important than Moussavi or any other person . " Meanwhile , the subsequent killing of protesters by government security forces will likely only work against Ahmadinejad and by extension now , the supreme leader , even among more than 86 percent of their supporters . While our poll showed Ahmadinejad with an early commanding lead , by the government 's post-election response , the irony is that Ahmadinejad may indeed end up stealing the election -- from himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen and Patrick Doherty .	Ballen , Doherty : Iranians , including Ahmadinejad backers , want more democracy They say their poll ca n't determine whether Moussavi had a late surge They say government actions have shifted debate to democracy not to who won
CNN  -- Tom de la Hunty took Dutch bobsledder Edwin van Calker to the Whistler Sliding Center track one last time Tuesday and asked his driver if he could do it . He was n't asking him to win ; he was asking him whether he could compete . The coach and his pilot walked the course , and de la Hunty told van Calker to think about it , giving him an hour to make a decision . Time offered no healing . Van Calker told his coach he just could n't drive this track and so on Wednesday the four-man No. 1 sled from the Netherlands pulled out of the Olympics . Because their driver was terrified . "  I 've never seen someone get to a major event and not compete because they 're scared . You keep your inner fears to yourself and do it , " de la Hunty told reporters at a news conference . "  That 's why it 's such a popular sport in the military . It 's that kind of macho sport . You go over the top together . " Van Calker , ranked 11th on the World Cup four-man tour , crashed on his first run during two-man practice on Saturday . That and the memories of other crashes , including one that resulted in two teammates in the hospital , were too much for van Calker . He never felt comfortable on the track during the two-man competition when he and teammate Sybren Jansma finished 14th . He and the rest of the four-man team were absent from two training runs on Tuesday , as he struggled with what to do . It did n't help that eight sleds crashed on that first day of training . And so that night , he made the decision to give up . "  I have to look after my boys and ca n't close my eyes to that , " he told reporters . "  For me , it 's not about performing . It 's about surviving . " It was a split decision among the team to quit the games , said de la Hunty , who talked about how he told his driver he was making a choice he would regret forever . "  I 've told him that to his face , "  de la Hunty said , "  but as a coach I have to support it because I 'm responsible for him sending his team down the track in the right frame of mind . " For Timothy Beck , who wanted to continue , it was a heart-wrenching outcome to his last Olympics . The man who carried the Dutch flag in the opening ceremonies said there was no tension on the team , but he was n't the one looking out for three teammates . "  If you ask me if I want to slide I 'd say , ` Yes ' . But I do n't have to steer ; I just get in the back and go down . I do n't have the responsibility , " said Beck . But he also said he was upset that he 'd come to his third Olympics and would not get a chance to compete . "  This was my last chance to do something special , " said the 33-year-old , who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics on the track team . Jansma said he was frustrated because he wanted to show the world the progress the Netherlands has made in bobsled , but safety was paramount . Arnold van Calker , the fourth member of the team , supported his brother 's decision , pointing to the difference in the size of the two - and four-man sleds . The two-man sled is smaller and easier to control . Arnold van Calker , who had his doubts about the safety of the track , worried his brother had lost his nerve and would n't be able to steer the big sled through turns 11 , 12 and 13 . Not even changes to the track on Tuesday could help reassure the brothers . "  It was a lot better , but for us it was maybe too late , " Arnold van Calker said . De la Hunty pinned some of the blame on Arnold 's wife , saying that she had been worried about her husband 's safety ever since Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili had crashed and died on the same track during the first day of the games . "  When Arnold is scared and upset , obviously it has influence , " he said . But Arnold van Calker said the death had no influence , and Edwin van Calker agreed that the track was not to blame for his decision . "  It 's a challenging and exciting track . You have to deal with it as a pilot . That comes with the job . Sometimes you deal with it less good , " he said . "  It 's nothing to do with the track , just my lack of confidence at the moment . " Competition in the four-man competition starts Friday with the medals decided on Saturday after the last of four runs .	NEW : Coach Tom de la Hunty : "  I have to support " the pilot 's decision NEW : Teammate : "  If you ask me if I want to slide I 'd say , ` Yes ' . But I do n't have to steer " Edwin van Calker , driver of the Dutch four-man bobsled quits the Games citing lack of confidence Van Calker said his decision is unrelated to death of Georgian luger
Baghdad  CNN  -- A Kurdish student shot and killed his American teacher at a Christian school in the northern Iraqi city of Sulaimaniya , then turned the gun on himself , the local mayor said Thursday . Witnesses reported that the student and teacher had argued a few minutes before the shooting , Sulaimaniya Mayor Zana Mohammed Saleh told CNN . He said an investigation was still under way , but the attack did not appear to have any political motivation . Sulaimaniya is in Iraq 's autonomous and relatively secure Kurdish region . In Baghdad , the U.S. Embassy said the American consulate in Erbil was trying to confirm the details and the identity of the victim . The shooting occurred at a campus of the Classical School of the Medes , a private , Christian , English-based network of schools operating in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq . Saleh said that after the student and teacher had argued , the student pulled a pistol and shot the teacher . Then he started screaming and shot himself , dying a few hours later at a local hospital . "  This is not a religious or political motivation behind this shooting . It 's just another criminal incident , " the mayor said . "  However , the investigation is still ongoing . "	The killing took place at a Christian school in northern Iraq The student fatally shot himself after killing the teacher , mayor says The U.S. Embassy says it 's trying to confirm the identity of the victim
New York  CNN  -- For much of this year , we 've read about the Arab Spring uprisings , leading to the downfall of leaders in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . Now , we 're facing the prospect of a more fundamental overhaul in western nations : a European Union Winter . The ongoing fiscal crisis in the eurozone is taking its political toll on the leaders of the troubled economies . One by one , they fall . In the south , developments are accompanied by drama . Greece 's George Papandreou resigned , after two years in office , as a precondition for the creation of a coalition government in Greece . Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi , whose fall has been predicted for years because of his business dealings and private life choices , has stepped down . But the dominoes do n't stop with these Mediterranean countries . Nicolas Sarkozy of France faces a close to impossible re-election in the spring . The French are weary of austerity , but their country will continue to have to make cuts in order to withstand market pressures and hope for a return to growth . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is faring badly in the polls as the economy there slows down and the money for bailouts will most likely need to increase . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , is not even seeking a third term in the November 20 elections . Unemployment is at 21 % and the economic downturn there continues . Regardless of the fates of these leaders , several overriding questions remain . What will citizens need to understand in order to accept a significant change in lifestyle and prospects ? After ousting one set of politicians will they then be willing to go through the pain of more austerity and elusive growth , or will each new government face even stronger opposition ? Is there a realistic way out of this financial crisis that does not entail hardship for the people ? Citizens do not appreciate experimentation . They value a clear road map they can understand : It has a beginning , a middle and an end . Conflicting opinions , the residue of a democracy , nonetheless breed confusion and a false sense that somewhere , someone is hiding the easy way out . People then search for scapegoats and saviors , identify conspiracies and blame the powers that be . Coalition governments alone will not be sufficient for people to get on board . A clear pan-European plan that will unite the continent should be immediately under way . The largest political groups , such as the European People 's Party , the European Socialists , European Liberal Democrats and the Greens , to name a few , must come together with the EU Commission and undertake this challenge . The commission has been working on economic proposals to address the fiscal crisis and the economic governance in the EU . There are talks about treaty revisions . But there are also , concurrently , discussions about moving to a two-speed Eurozone . This only heightens insecurity and resentment . But there is some good news . Many of the unifying elements are already in place . Across the European Union there is consensus on the transition to a low-carbon economy , to create green jobs , protect the environment , invest in education and R&D and to manage resources more efficiently . The EU has treaties binding members together , and over the decades a strong European identity has emerged that helps citizens feel at home throughout the EU and adds value to their national identity and heritage . Sadly , the current fiscal crisis has wreaked havoc and obscured all these positive policies that helped make Europe what it is today : a modern society that provides political , economic and personal security to its many peoples . Europe has strengthened its democratic institutions , provided funding for its weaker members , incorporated new members after the fall of the Iron Curtain , given voice to its citizens and led the way in reversing the effects of climate change , the greatest challenge of our time . What Europe needs now is more , not less , Europe . In a world where size matters , Europeans need to re-start the engines and not allow the fiscal crisis or the markets to send them back to the days when borders , national enmities , national currencies and nationalism itself ruled the day . Today 's world requires cooperation on every front , and the economy is just one more test we need to pass , one challenge we have to face in order to move confidently into the future as Europeans who are writing a new chapter in our common history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sophia Kalantzakos .	One by one , leaders in Europe 's troubled economies are falling , says Sophia Kalantzakos Kalantzakos : Will each country 's new government face even stronger opposition ? Coalition governments alone will not be sufficient for people to get on board , she says A pan-European plan that will unite the continent should be urgently under way , she says
CNN  -- The New Zealand All Blacks gave their nation double reason for cheer with a 20-6 win Italy before a massive crowd at the San Siro in Milan . With their football counterparts qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals with a win over Bahrain earlier on Saturday , it was left to Graham Henry 's men to complete the double . But they were given a tough fight by underdogs Italy , who were inspired by an 80,000 crowd in a stadium normally reserved for Serie A giants Inter and AC Milan . Henry fielded a largely second-string team after last week 's 19-12 defeat of Wales in Cardiff . Italy briefly led as former Australian rugby league international Craig Gower kicked a penalty . But New Zealand pulled ahead with two Luke McAlister penalties and Corey Flynn put them further ahead with the only try of the game after 25 minutes . McAlister landed another penalty before halftime to send the visitors into the break with a 14-3 lead . After the interval he kicked two further penalties with Gower getting his second for Italy . The All Blacks next play England , who saw off Argentina 16-9 at Twickenham in a poor quality match in difficult conditions . A late try by Matt Banahan gave Martin Johnson 's men the edge and his sixth win from 13 games in charge . Fly-half star Jonny Wilkinson provided all of England 's points in the first half , with a drop-goal and two penalties as the scores were tied at 9-9 at the half . Center Martin Rodriguez , one of a trio of Argentina debutants , kicked three penalties from five attempts to keep them level until the late home try . In other international action , former England coach Andy Robinson led his new Scotland team to a 23-10 win over Fiji . Johnnie Beattie and Graeme Morrison went over for tries for Scotland at Murrayfield . On Friday night , France shocked world champions South Africa 20-13 in Toulouse . The Tri-Nations champions paid the price for ill-discipline as Julien Dupuy kicked four penalties and Morgan Parra one . Winger Vincent Clerc capped a fine performance for the home side with a try . South Africa 's points came from Morne Steyn with a penalty and drop-goal as well as converting a fine try by captain John Smit .	New Zealand All Blacks beat Italy 20-6 in rugby union international A massive crowd of 80,000 watched the game in San Siro stadium England and Scotland register wins over Argentina and Fiji France score superb win over world champions South Africa
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Web designer in London was amazed to discover that Iranian election protesters are attacking the Iranian president 's Web site using software he developed in his spare time , he told CNN Wednesday . Ryan Kelly : "  I suppose I am taking sides but I have no problems with it being used in this way . " With anti-government activists in Iran sidestepping official attempts to silence them on the Internet by posting photos , videos and blogs on sites like Facebook and Twitter , others are using a site that automatically refreshes a Web page every few seconds , potentially overloading the host server . The page reboot software means that dissidents can "  attack " sites with a barrage of hits -- known as a denial of service attack -- causing them to appear to users as "  unobtainable . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's Web sites was one of those displaying this message on Monday , according to Britain 's Channel 4 News , although on Tuesday it was loading correctly . The freely available page refresh site was partly developed by Ryan Kelly for use with sports results sites and eBay . He said he was unaware it was being used by Iranian protesters to stop the government from getting out its message until Tuesday when he received an email from an unknown source asking him to take the site down . "  Can you please shout  sic  down the website for few weeks . Currently they are using that website to attack other websites , " stated the anonymous e-mail seen by CNN . Kelly , who works for contract publisher Wardour , then discovered that hits on his own site had risen from 700 on a normal day to 41,000 on Monday . "  I was shocked when I heard my site was being used in this way , " the 25-year-old told CNN . "  This exemplifies the power of the Internet that something happening in London can affect events thousands of miles away in Tehran . It 's great it 's being used in this way . " The heavy traffic forced Kelly to temporarily suspend his site , but only because it was exceeding the volume of traffic on his server . He said he later received dozens of e-mails requesting him to restore the site , and he did so . One message seen by CNN said : "  Please bring your site back up as fast as you can . We need your help in Iran against Ahmadinejad . " Kelly said he supported the protesters in their battle to have the results of the disputed presidential election overturned . "  I suppose I am taking sides because I 've put the site back up , but I have no problems with it being used in this way . "	Iranian protesters use site that refreshes Web page to hack official sites Page reboot software means dissidents can "  attack " sites with barrage of hits Heavy traffic forced Ryan Kelly to temporarily suspend it , but he later restored it
CNN  -- As an athlete , I enjoy competition -- but there is a battle happening off the field that is more important : the fight to end polio . This fight is personal to me . I grew up in Nigeria , where I contracted polio at the age of 3 . It was tough being the only kid on the playground in a wheelchair . For years I watched the other kids play , and when I tried to participate , they moved away from me . Thanks to the encouragement of my father , I persevered . After a lot of hard work and practice , I eventually regained full mobility in my right leg and have gone on to compete in track and field in the Paralympics . No child should have to go through what I did , especially when we have a vaccine to prevent it . Yet today , polio continues to cripple children in some parts of the world . There is good news . Polio is more than 99 % eliminated worldwide , and there are fewer cases than ever before . In 1988 , 125 countries were fighting polio , and more than 350,000 children contracted the disease each year . Today , we have fewer than 200 cases , and polio remains endemic in just three countries : Nigeria , Pakistan and Afghanistan . As we commemorate World Polio Day on Wednesday , eradication is within reach . Why polio has n't gone away yet This progress did not happen by accident . It happened because the global community launched an unprecedented effort called the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , a partnership that includes the World Health Organization , Rotary International , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , UNICEF and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . Thanks to this initiative and the work of many others , we are closer than ever to shutting the door on polio . But we ca n't stop now . The last percent is always the toughest , and if we do n't finish the job , polio could return with a vengeance . According to WHO , if we do n't end polio now , more than 10 million children under the age of 5 could be paralyzed by the disease in the next 40 years . That 's a risk too big to take . We owe it to our own children -- and to all children -- to seize this moment and end this disabling disease . Polio anywhere is a threat to children everywhere . Our progress to date shows that when the world acts , we can achieve big things . That 's why world leaders came together last month at the United Nations to reaffirm their commitment to ending polio and to issue an urgent call to fill a funding gap that threatens to undo the progress that has been made . The United Nations Foundation 's Shot@Life campaign is carrying this message forward and empowering individual Americans to join the fight against polio . Through Shot@Life, Americans can raise awareness and funds to help the United Nations immunize children in developing countries against polio and other diseases . UNICEF and others are doing amazing work delivering polio immunizations , including in hard-to-reach places where the fight against polio will be won or lost . They need our support . We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to make history and finally eradicate polio from our planet . Each of us can make a difference this World Polio Day . To this very day , my mother gets tears in her eyes when she describes the moment she found out that I was paralyzed . Together , we can wipe out polio and ensure that one day no parent has to share that same fate . Opinion : Do n't fall at the finish line in the race to eradicate polio The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dennis Ogbe .	Paralympian Dennis Ogbe contracted polio at age 3 in his native Nigeria He eventually regained full mobility in one leg and went on to compete in track and field Eradication of polio is within reach , Ogbe says
Washington  CNN  -- Two influential Republican senators said Sunday they oppose any effort by House Republicans to cut funding for U.S. participation in the Libya military mission . The comments by conservative Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina came on the 90th day of the Libya campaign -- which House Speaker John Boehner says is the deadline in the War Powers Resolution for the Obama administration to get congressional authorization it has yet to seek . Boehner , R-Ohio , said last week that cutting funding for the mission was an option that the Republican-controlled House will consider when it takes up a defense appropriations bill this week . He contended that President Barack Obama has failed to comply with the War Powers Resolution , and that the main tool Congress has to respond is to control the spending . However , McCain and Graham told Sunday talk shows such a move would send the wrong signal and undermine NATO allies leading the Libya mission with U.S. support . "  If we do not continue this effort in Libya , if  Moammar  Gadhafi remains in power , it could have profound consequences , " McCain said on the ABC program "  This Week . " Graham , appearing on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " adhered to longstanding conservative dogma by declaring that the War Powers Resolution of 1973 , which limits the ability of the president to unilaterally engage U.S. forces in combat , is unconstitutional . He also said the ouster of Gadhafi , the Libyan leader , was in the U.S. national interest , because failure to do so would undermine the U.S. standing in the world , cause oil prices to rise and send Libyan refugees streaming across the border into an already fragile Egypt . "  The president 's done a lousy job of communicating and managing our involvement in Libya , but I will be no part of an effort to de-fund Libya or to try to cut off our efforts to bring Gadhafi down , " Graham said , later adding that Obama "  needs to step up his game with Libya but Congress should sort of shut up and not empower Gadhafi . " Outgoing Defense Secretary Robert Gates also backed the Libyan mission , saying Obama was right to limit the scope of U.S. involvement and that he believes the president has complied with the War Powers Resolution . "  What was going on in Libya was considered vital interest by some of our closest allies . Those are the same allies that have come to our support and assistance in Afghanistan , " Gates told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And so it seems to me the kind of limited measured role that the president decided on , in support of our allies who did consider it a vital interest , is a legitimate way to look at this problem . " In a separate interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Gates noted the war powers debate dates back several decades and administrations . "  Frankly , I think cutting off funding in the middle of a military operation when we have people engaged is always a mistake , " Gates said , later adding : "  I believe that President Obama has complied with the law , consistent in a manner with virtually all of his predecessors . I do n't think he 's breaking any new ground here . " In a letter to Obama last week , Boehner strongly disagreed , saying the president would be in violation of the War Powers Resolution starting Sunday for failing to secure congressional authorization . Passed in 1973 , the War Powers Resolution gives the president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end the hostilities . In response to Boehner 's letter , the White House sent Congress a 32-page report that asserted Obama did n't need congressional authorization because the U.S. forces play only a supporting role in Libya and do n't engage in what the War Powers Resolution defined as hostilities . "  We 're obviously not changing our mission , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Friday , later adding : "  What we have said is that our role in this mission , our support role and the kind of engagement we have right now , does not meet , in our legal analysis , ... the threshold set by the War Powers Resolution for congressional action . " Later Friday , Boehner said he specifically asked if the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel agreed with the administration 's legal analysis , and that the White House 's failure to answer that question made cutting funds for the mission a possibility . "  The House of Representatives will not allow the White House to continue skirting its obligations to the American people , this Congress , and the laws of this nation , " Boehner said in a statement . "  Over the coming week , our members will review all options available to hold the administration to account . " At the Justice Department , deputy spokesman Tracy Schmaler seemed to acknowledge that opinions differed over interpreting the mission 's compliance with the War Powers Resolution . "  Our views were heard , as were other views , and the president then made the decision as was appropriate for him to do , " Schmaler said . On the ABC program , McCain called for passage of a resolution he drafted with Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts that supports the Libyan mission , which he said would serve as congressional authorization under the War Powers Resolution . House Republicans are n't the only ones challenging the Libya mission . A bipartisan group of 10 House members has filed a federal lawsuit challenging Obama 's power to commit U.S. forces to the Libya mission . Congressional opponents of the Libya mission include liberals such as Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio , who generally oppose any war effort , as well as some Republicans who complain its objective of civilian protection fails to match the stated U.S. goal of Gadhafi 's ouster . The opponents also say the Libya situation could become a stalemate that drains resources at a time of mounting federal deficits that must be addressed . The White House , however , says incremental progress is occurring through increasing diplomatic , political and military pressure on Gadhafi to step down . Carney repeatedly emphasized this week that Obama had kept his word to the American people that the initial U.S. leadership role in the mission would get reduced to a supporting role , and no U.S. ground troops would take part . Carney suggested that Boehner is playing politics with the issue , noting that he previously questioned the constitutionality of the War Powers Resolution in a 1999 debate over former President Bill Clinton 's push to take part in NATO bombing during the Balkans conflict . Boehner 's complaints this week "  stand in contrast to the views he expressed in 1999 , when he called the War Powers act , quote , ` constitutionally suspect , ' unquote , and warned Congress to , quote , ` resist the temptation to take any action that would do further damage to the institution of the presidency , ' " Carney noted . John Yoo , a former Bush administration lawyer now with the American Enterprise Institute , also challenged Boehner 's position on the matter . In an op-ed published Friday by the Wall Street Journal , Yoo -- known for bedrock conservative views -- wrote that Boehner and other Republican opponents of the Libya mission are playing politics by arguing about the War Powers Resolution instead of using their budgetary authority to cut funding for the Libya mission . "  By accusing President Barack Obama of violating the War Powers Resolution , House Republicans are abandoning their party 's long-standing position that the Constitution allows the executive to use force abroad , subject to Congress 's control over funding , " Yoo wrote . "  Sadly , they 've fallen victim to the siren song of short-term political gain against a president who continues to stumble in national-security matters . " Yoo called the lawsuit filed by seven Republicans along with Kucinich and other Democrats an "  utterly futile " legal effort , adding that "  the Supreme Court has consistently turned away every case disputing the president 's decision to start wars abroad , and there is no reason to think it will change its ways now . " "  Lawsuits only distract attention from the real weapons that Congress has to get its way and hold a wayward president accountable , " Yoo wrote , saying House Republicans instead could try to de-fund military operations or other spending programs , or refuse to lift the debt ceiling until Obama either halts U.S. participation in the mission or gets congressional support . Another option would be to launch an impeachment effort against Obama , Yoo said , adding that "  holding hands with isolationist Democrats out of political convenience is no way to defend the Constitution . " Even though the Senate in March unanimously passed a non-binding resolution supporting a no-fly zone over Libya , some Republicans now express total opposition to the U.S. support for that effort . "  Our policy in Libya is substantially flawed , " Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , said during last week 's debate of GOP presidential hopefuls . She cited a litany of complaints -- the supporting U.S. role , a lack of vital national interest , unknown elements in the Libyan opposition being helped -- and said Obama "  was absolutely wrong in his decision on Libya . " In its report on the mission , titled "  United States Activities in Libya , " the administration said the cost of military and humanitarian operations through June 3 was about $ 800 million . It estimated the total cost through September 30 would be $ 1.1 billion . "  Given the important U.S. interests served by U.S. military operations in Libya and the limited nature , scope and duration of the anticipated actions , the president had constitutional authority , as commander-in-chief and chief executive and pursuant to his foreign affairs powers , to address such limited military operations abroad , " the report said , adding : "  The president is of the view that the current U.S. military operations in Libya are consistent with the War Powers Resolution and do not under that law require further congressional authorization , because U.S. military operations are distinct from the kind of ` hostilities ' contemplated by the resolution 's 60-day termination provision . " In response , Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck called the White House arguments "  creative , " adding that Obama as commander-in-chief "  has a responsibility to articulate how U.S. military action is vital to our national security and consistent with American policy goals . " "  With Libya , the president has fallen short on this obligation , " Buck said . CNN 's Dana Bash and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Sens. McCain , Graham oppose de-funding Libya mission House Speaker Boehner warns Congress may cut funds over War Powers dispute U.S. officials say the limited U.S. role in Libya falls short of the law 's scope Ten legislators are suing the government over the legality of the U.S. participation
Vicksburg , Mississippi  CNN  -- Storms were forecast Saturday for areas already suffering from the swollen Mississippi River , as Mississippi 's governor urged caution . The rain comes as the Mississippi River was cresting in Natchez , Mississippi . The water was cresting at 61.8 feet , or 13.8 feet above flood stage there , according to the National Weather Service . There were some early signs of recovery farther north in Vicksburg , where the river had already crested , though the floodwaters are expected to remain for weeks . The Yazoo backwater levee near Vicksburg had hit its peak , CNN affiliate WLBT reported . "  These levees are going to be more and more saturated every day . There will be continuing wave action up against them and so people should n't drop their guard , " Gov. Haley Barbour told reporters in Yazoo City Friday . Although many displaced residents in Vicksburg are eager to return to their homes , until the water level recedes , only emergency officials will be allowed , WLBT reported . "  It is illegal to drive a boat in flooded areas and it will remain so until that executive order is lifted , which wo n't be soon , " Barbour said . The governor also warned of health risks to both the emergency responders and residents . "  We 've had reports of water samples where the E. coli level was 200 times normal . This stuff is nasty , " Barbour said . The governor himself owns a lake home that has been flooded . The Mississippi River is not expected to return to its 43-foot flood stage in Vicksburg until after June 14 , which is 46 days after it climbed out of its banks , said Amanda Roberts , a National Weather Service hydrologist . It crested at 57.1 feet Thursday . The river is more than a foot over the record set in the city in 1927 . "  We 're in need of , first off , a place to live . And then second off , pretty much everything you would need in a home , " evacuee Pat Wilsoe told CNN affiliate WAPT . Vicksburg resident Hoover Youenger told the station his home had several feet of water in it . "  In a way , it feels like a big loss , but with Mother Nature you ca n't do anything about it , " he said , WAPT reported . Severe storms are likely Saturday and Sunday in the Mississippi River , Ohio River and Tennessee River valleys . Up to 3 inches of rain per hour are possible , with heavier storms on Sunday . The rain could lead to secondary crests and higher crests along the Mississippi from Memphis , Tennessee , southward , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Some greeted the cresting floodwaters -- which have damaged hundreds of homes and displaced 2,000 Vicksburg residents -- with relief . Others just went to work . Rusty Larsen , owner of Rusty 's River Front Grill in Vicksburg , told CNN affiliate WJTV that his business has picked up some with the floods . "  We stay busy most days anyway , but there 's been a lot of people downtown , " he said . "  I see a lot of local people . Some of them are tourists . Everybody wants to come see the water . " Local officials caution that some area residents may have to wait to return to their homes . Flooded houses pose a variety of dangers , they said . Rising floodwaters bring debris , hazardous waste and gas leaks , and force snakes or other potentially dangerous animals from their habitats and into residential areas . "  Right now we 're moving to the recovery stage , " Vicksburg Mayor Paul Winfield told CNN . "  Our first priority , I believe , should be public safety , to continue to encourage our residents and onlookers to stay free of the water . " Law enforcement officials are patrolling evacuated areas to help ensure that abandoned homes and businesses are n't burglarized , Winfield said . And each flooded property must be assessed before an owner can return to it , he said . Warren County , which includes Vicksburg , has "  several hundred homes that have water " and about 2,000 residents have been displaced , Sheriff Martin Pace said . County residents are accustomed to flooding and know what to do , but none have experienced it at this magnitude , according to Pace . A slide was detected on the mainline Mississippi levee at Lake Albemarle , the Corps of Engineers said Thursday . That occurs when the integrity of a levee is undermined because dirt and sand are being eroded , spokeswoman Eileen Williamson said . Crews are working around the clock to help fill the gaps . If the levee fails , thousands of homes and more than one million acres would be flooded , according to Peter Nimrod , the Mississippi Levee Board 's chief engineer . "  So it 's very important we hold this levee together , " he said . Farther south , where the Mississippi River has not yet crested , residents were working to clear out their homes and find ways to get by . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has asked for federal assistance in grappling with flooding stemming from the Morganza Spillway , where 17 bays have been opened in hopes of sparing New Orleans farther downstream . So far , the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development has delivered nearly 150,000 sandbags , 30,000 cubic yards of sand and 33,000 linear feet of fabric-lined baskets , the governor 's office said . Approximately 1,150 Louisiana National Guard members have been mobilized . Mandatory evacuations were in effect Saturday in Happy Town and the Sherburne Wildlife Management Area , the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said . Officials will decide whether evacuations are needed in Butte La Rose on Monday . Spillway gates are likely to be open for weeks , meaning it will be some time before the river falls below flood stage , allowing evacuees to return . The flood is the most significant to hit the lower Mississippi River valley since at least 1937 . It has affected nine states so far : Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Ohio , Indiana , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 're in need of , first off , a place to live , " an evacuee tells CNN affiliate WAPT NEW : Crews work to shore up the the mainline Mississippi levee at Lake Albemarle Severe storms are forecast this weekend along parts of the Mississippi Experts : It will take until mid-June for floodwaters to recede in Vicksburg
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Ten Americans detained and accused of child trafficking in Haiti after they allegedly tried to bus 33 children into the Dominican Republic insist their effort was an attempt to get the children to a shelter . But Haiti 's prime minister said Sunday that the group was kidnapping the children . "  From what I know until now , this is a kidnapping case , " Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN . "  Who is doing it -- I do n't know . What are the real objectives or activities -- I do n't know . But that is kidnapping and it is more serious because it 's involving children , " he said . "  The children certainly were not fully willing to go , because in some cases , from what I heard , they were asking for their parents , they wanted to return to their parents . " How far should aid workers go ? U.S. embassy officials visited the Americans over the weekend at a jail near the airport in Port-au-Prince , where they are being detained . They are being treated well and are holding on to their faith , the Americans said . "  We came into Haiti to help those that really had no other source of help , " Laura Silsby , a member of the Idaho-based charity , New Life Children 's Refuge , told CNN on Saturday . "  We are trusting the truth will be revealed and we are praying for that . " Full coverage The group of five men and five women said they were trying to move the children to the Dominican Republic in the aftermath of the January 12 earthquake that devastated parts of Haiti , flattening the capital and killing tens of thousands . But a Haitian judge has charged the 10 with child trafficking , they said . The U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince said Sunday that the Americans have been detained for "  alleged violations of Haitian laws related to immigration . " "  God is our provider and God gives us strength and comfort , " said Carla Thompson , one group member . "  We have our Bibles and we are OK . " Government approval is needed for any Haitian children to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children have no passports . Jeanne Bernard-Pierre , general director for Haiti 's Institute of Social Welfare , said the children will be interviewed in the coming days to determine whether they have living relatives . Search for the missing The group said it believed the children were orphaned , and it was going to house them in a converted hotel in the Dominican Republic . George Willeit of SOS Children 's Villages -- who said that Haitian police and the social ministry brought the children to his group -- said some of the children have living relatives . "  Some of them for sure are not orphans , " he told CNN . "  Immediately after she arrived here , a girl -- she might be 9 years old -- was crying loudly , ' I am not an orphan , I do have my parents , please call my parents , ' " he said . "  And some of the other kids as well , they have their phone numbers , even , with them from their parents , " he said . He said he believes that at least 10 are not orphans . Mel Coulter , the father of 23-year-old Charisa Coulter , who is among those arrested , told CNN affiliate KTVB that the group thought it had all of the necessary documents to transport the children out of the earthquake-ravaged country , but apparently lacked some paperwork . "  They want to bring kids out who have no home , who have no parents , who have no hope -- and this was an attempt to give them the hope that they 've lost in Haiti , " he said Saturday . The group "  went down on Thursday night fully expecting that they had everything they needed , all the documentation that they needed , " he said . "  When they tried to bring some of the kids out -LSB- Friday -RSB- night they were stopped at the border and -LSB- they -RSB- said that there was a paper missing , " he said . "  So they returned to Port-au-Prince , where they went in early -LSB- Saturday -RSB- morning to try and get the last documentation , and apparently were arrested on the spot and jailed . " He said the group wants "  to do everything according to the processes that are required . " The Rev. Clint Henry , the senior pastor with Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho , where at least some of the group members worship , told KTVB Sunday that the church was hopeful that the group would soon be released . "  We 're waiting ... and hoping and praying that that outcome will be the one that we 're looking for , so the team that has been falsely charged will be vindicated , and that the whole world is going to know that we were n't here doing the kind of things we 're being accused of doing , " he said . He said the accusations have prompted a number of phone calls to the church that include "  obscenities , accusations about those false rumors , things that I do n't care to repeat . " The children were being rescued from "  one or more orphanages " that had been damaged in the quake , a statement on the church 's Web site said . Henry told CNN affiliate KIVI Saturday that the group had been planning to build an orphanage in the Dominican Republic , but that the earthquake sped up the timetable for transporting the Haitian children there . "  We were n't ready to start this yet , everything was in process , " he said , and the construction on the orphanage has not yet begun . Many of the children said they are from Fort Jacques , a town about seven miles from Port-au-Prince , according to Bernard-Pierre . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Jill Dougherty and journalist Jessica Desvarieux contributed to this report .	Idaho-based missionaries arrested for trying to move children across Haitian border Group admits children did not have passports needed to leave country Children from orphanages damaged in the quake , said church 's Web site said
CNN  Student leaders at the University of California-Irvine vetoed a resolution on Saturday that would have banned hanging flags of any nation , including America 's Stars and Stripes , in the lobby of student government offices , amid widespread criticism from students and alumni . The Legislative Council of the Associated Students of the University of California , Irvine 's passed the resolution , "  Flags and decoration adjustment for inclusivity , " in a 6-4 vote Tuesday with the stated intention of creating a "  more inclusive " environment . The resolution said "  the American flag is commonly flown in government public service locations , military related entities , at homes , in foreign lands where the US government has a presence , " and its "  symbolism has negative and positive aspects that are interpreted differently by individuals . " Its passage drew widespread opposition from the campus community and beyond for being offensive and unpatriotic . "  As a military veteran , American citizen and taxpayer , I find this piece of ` legislation ' highly offensive , " a commenter said on the ASUCI 's Facebook student page , in one of the more mildly worded complaints . "  This is a public school , supported by taxpayers ,  yes , I know , most of you pay tuition , as well , but that does not cover the entire cost  , and it is appropriate to display the United States Flag on campus . Please reconsider your actions and rescind this resolution . " Current students also registered their dissatisfaction with the resolution , saying the resolution does not represent the student body as a whole . "  As much as I hope that their decision gets vetoed and that the administration will take some accountability for allowing such a controversial issue to be voted on in the first place , I also hope that people will stop generalizing us and saying that they will refuse to hire UCI students or that the generous donations of our alumni will fall , or even worse that we are not proud Americans . The majority of us would be proud to stand out there and wave the flag ourselves if need be , " another commenter said . The UCI administration issued a statement saying "  this misguided decision was not endorsed or supported in any way by the campus leadership , the University of California , or the broader student body . " Student-body President Reza Zomorrodian also publicly opposed the legislation , leading the Executive Cabinet of student government to convene on Saturday to veto the legislation . "  We fundamentally disagree with the actions taken by ASUCI Legislative Council and their passage of R50-70 as counter to the ideals that allow us to operate as an autonomous student government organization with the freedoms of speech and expression associated with it , " the executive cabinet said in a statement . "  It is these very symbols that represent our constitutional rights that have allowed for our representative creation and our ability to openly debate all ranges of issues and pay tribute to how those liberties were attained . "	Legislative Council of University of California-Irvine 's student body passed measure Tuesday The measure , "  Flags and decoration adjustment for inclusivity , " banned all flags in lobby Its inclusion of the American flag led to widespread opposition
One can not choose to not be a pedophile , but one can choose to not be a child molester . As details of the accusations of sexual abuse emerged from the Jerry Sandusky trial , and as the public looks on with horror , a central element to the case that has received scant attention is pedophilia itself . "  Pedophilia " was long used as a synonym for "  child molestation , " and both were often seen as psychological failures of self-control . Child molesters were thought to be acting out their own histories of abuses , reacting to fears of adult relationships , or manifesting a symptom that might be resolved in psychotherapy , after which they would no longer be pedophilic . Recently , however , a number of studies have starting changing that view . It appears that one can be born with a brain predisposed to experience sexual arousal in response to children . Pedophilic men have significantly less white matter , which is the connective tissue that is responsible for communication between different regions in the brain . Pedophiles perform more poorly on various tests of brain function , tend to be shorter in height and are three times more likely to be left-handed or ambidextrous  characteristics that are observable before birth  . Although nonbiological features may yet turn up to be relevant , it is difficult , if not impossible , to explain the research findings without there being a strong role of biology . No one has been able to find a way to change pedophiles into nonpedophiles . But that does not mean we can not prevent child molestation . Sexual preference for children does n't have to result in actual sexual behaviors toward children . Cases of child molestation that involve long strings of victims over the course of years illustrate what can happen when someone gives in to , or outright indulges , his sexual interests , regardless of its potential damage on others . It is those cases that dominate headlines and provoke revulsion toward pedophiles . But they are rare . An untold number of cases merit sympathy . The science suggests that they are people who , through no fault of their own , were born with a sex drive that they must continuously resist , without exception , throughout their entire lives . Little if any assistance is ever available for them . They are often unable to consult mental health professionals  because of mandatory reporting rules  ; their families will often disown rather than support them ; and despite the openness of the Internet , there are few options for coming out and joining communities of other pedophiles for mutual support . Having encountered thousands of cases , it is my experience that the pedophiles who do go on to become actual child molesters do so when they feel the most desperate . Yet , much of what society does has been to increase rather than decrease their desperation . In the United States especially , the great majority of attention is on punitive measures , invoked after the fact . However , the more beneficial social policies may be those aimed at prevention . The best example of this effort is the Prevention Project Dunkelfeld in Germany , supported financially by private donation . It began with a media campaign aimed at people struggling to resist their sexual interests to children . By offering counseling and other services , it is expected that they can remain offense-free . Hundreds of people contacted the Dunkelfeld project after it was established . People from all over the world , including Austria , Switzerland and England , turned to the assistance . Another example is the Circles of Support and Accountability , which was developed in Canada . The programs are staffed by volunteers who have received training from professionals . They provide support to people who are under no mandate to attend but are nonetheless seeking help to not commit sexual offenses . It 's too early to tell whether these efforts are effective over the long term , but preliminary reports are encouraging . Even though very few researchers study the causes of pedophilia , we hope that the scientific community will learn more as new tools and opportunities become available . If it is the brain 's wiring that ultimately determines who will go on to develop pedophilia , can we detect it early enough to interrupt the process ? Until we uncover more information , we will do more good by making it easier for pedophiles to come in for help rather than force them into solitary secrecy .	James Cantor : In Sandusky case , a central element that has been overlooked is pedophilia Cantor : One can not choose to not be a pedophile , but one can choose to not be a child molester He says recent studies suggest that biology plays a crucial role in sexual attraction Cantor : We can help pedophiles by developing efforts aimed at counsel and prevention
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Tuesday nominated federal appellate Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the U.S. Supreme Court . President Obama on Tuesday introduces Judge Sonia Sotomayor as his choice for the U.S. Supreme Court . If confirmed , Sotomayor , 54 , would be the first Hispanic U.S. Supreme Court justice and the third woman to serve on the high court . Sotomayor "  is an inspiring woman who I believe will make a great justice , " Obama said at a White House announcement . She "  has worked at almost every level of our judicial system , providing her with a depth of experience and a breadth of perspective that will be invaluable as a Supreme Court justice , " he added . Obama said Sotomayor would bring more experience on the bench than anyone currently serving on the Supreme Court when appointed . "  Thank you , Mr. President , for the most humbling honor of my life , " Sotomayor said . She thanked family members and mentors who helped her throughout her life and career . "  My heart is bursting with gratitude , " she said . She gave special recognition to her mother , who was sitting in the audience . Watch Sotomayor 's emotional tribute to her mother " "  I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences , " Sotomayor said . Sotomayor , a judge on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , was named a U.S. District Court judge by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 , and was elevated to her current seat by President Bill Clinton . She has minimal personal assets compared with many of her judicial colleagues ; a 2007 financial disclosure form showed her with a checking and savings account valued between $ 50,000 and $ 115,000 . Sotomayor , who is of Puerto Rican descent , rose from humble beginnings at a housing project in the South Bronx and went on to attend Princeton University and Yale Law School . Watch more about Sotomayor 's personal history " The president met with Sotomayor at the White House for an hour last Thursday , according to a senior administration official , and came away impressed with her personal story and professional qualifications . Solicitor General Elana Kagan , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and federal appeals court Judge Diane Wood were among the candidates who also received serious consideration , the official said . Watch CNN 's Jim Acosta break the news of Sotomayor 's nomination " The president made his final decision after the weekend and called Sotomayor around 9 p.m. ET Monday , a senior administration official added . Obama "  was looking for someone with a balance of skills : very , very smart ; independent thinker ; highly regarded for integrity and commitment to the law , " another senior administration official said . "  He found all of those things with her , including his goal of selecting someone with the empathy factor -- real-world , practical experience and understanding of how the law affects real people . " Watch as Obama cites Sotomayor 's three decades of experience " Supporters say her appointment history , along with what they call her moderate-liberal views , would give her some bipartisan backing in the Senate . However , Sotomayor has endured recent criticism in the media and blogs from both the left and right over perceived -- some defenders say invented -- concerns about her temperament and intellect . "  Judge Sotomayor is a liberal judicial activist of the first order who thinks her own personal political agenda is more important that the law as written , " said Wendy Long , counsel to the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network . "  She thinks that judges should dictate policy , and that one 's sex , race , and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench . " As she has risen through the judicial ranks , Sotomayor increasingly has drawn the ire and opposition of conservatives . A majority of Republican senators opposed her elevation to the appellate court in 1998 . Read about Sotomayor 's record " Conservatives point to , among other things , her authoring of a 2008 opinion supporting a decision by the city of New Haven , Connecticut , to throw out the results of a firefighter promotion exam because almost no minorities qualified for promotions . The Supreme Court heard an appeal of the case in April ; a final opinion is pending . Her critics also highlight comments she made during a panel discussion at Duke University in 2005 , where she told students that the federal Court of Appeals is where "  policy is made . " "  I know that this is on tape , " she then immediately said . "  I should never say that . Because we do n't ` make law ' ... I 'm not promoting it , and I 'm not advocating it . Having said that , the Court of Appeals is where ... the law is percolating . " Watch how conservatives are gearing up for a fight " However , an official with the Republican National Committee promised that the GOP will be equitable toward Sotomayor . "  The Republicans are going to strike a tone that 's fair , that allows the vetting process to happen like it should , and that 's in stark contrast to how the Democrats dealt with Judge -LSB- John -RSB- Roberts when you look back a couple years ago , " the official said . Senate Republicans "  will thoroughly examine -LSB- Sotomayor 's -RSB- record to ensure she understands that the role of a jurist in our democracy is to apply the law even-handedly , despite their own feelings or personal or political preferences , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . The hot-button social issue of abortion also promises to play a contentious role in Sotomayor 's confirmation process . Learn about the other Supreme Court justices " Charmaine Yoest , head of Americans United for Life , ripped Obama 's choice of Sotomayor , calling it "  a radical pick that divides America . " Sotomayor 's appointment "  would provide a pedestal for an avowed judicial activist ... at a time when the Courts are at a crossroads and critical abortion regulations -- supported by the vast majority of Americans -- like partial-birth abortion and informed consent laws lie in the balance , " Yoest said . Sotomayor "  will serve the nation with distinction , " countered Kim Gandy , head of the National Organization for Women . "  She brings a lifelong commitment to equality , justice and opportunity , as well as the respect of her peers , unassailable integrity , and a keen intellect informed by experience . " Obama 's nominee will replace retiring Justice David Souter , who announced this month he would step down when the court 's current session ends this summer . Watch why Democrats want the process to go quickly " Sotomayor 's nomination will go before the Senate Judiciary Committee and the full Senate . The president said he hopes to have hearings in July , with the confirmation completed before Congress leaves for the summer . Obama 's Democratic party controls the Senate , so Sotomayor is not expected to have difficulty being confirmed in time to start the new court session in October . There had been widespread speculation that Obama would name a woman to the court , which has only one female justice , Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Obama was also under pressure to nominate a Hispanic justice to the court . "  Republicans have to be very careful and not oppose this nomination just for the sake of it , " warned Brent Wilkes , executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens . The Latino community 's "  hopes and aspirations are all tied up in this nominee , " he said . Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales said he did n't think any particular gender or ethnic group was "  entitled to representation " on the court , but acknowledged that Sotomayor 's appointment would send a "  powerful message " to the Latino community and Americans . "  It says a lot about opportunities in our country , " Gonzales told CNN 's Wolf Blizter . "  This is a powerful message , a powerful message of hope and opportunity through this appointment , just like there 's a powerful message sent when an African-American is elected president . " CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Henry , Suzanne Malveaux and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Former AG Alberto Gonzales says nomination sends "  powerful message " Abortion opponent calls Sonia Sotomayor "  a radical pick that divides America " Obama says Sotomayor brings years of experience on bench to the position Sotomayor , 54 , of Puerto Rican descent , would be first Hispanic on court
CNN  -- Remember when Lindsay Lohan was the next Ann-Margret ? Or Elizabeth Taylor ? Or even Marilyn Monroe ? While that last comparison is still being bandied about -- for better or for worse -- today there is more buzz about "  will she stay clean ? " and "  can she stay out of trouble ? " than her talent . Lohan 's latest 90-day rehab stint , which ended this week , was taken as an alternative to three months of jail time for two misdemeanor convictions and a shoplifting probation violation finding in March . Lindsay Lohan the actress seems to have been replaced by Lindsay Lohan the perpetual comeback kid . And although she has continued to work sporadically , those roles have mostly been of troubled women , not unlike Lohan herself . "  At this point , we 're not even sure she 's still an actress , " said Noah Levy , co-host of Vh1 's "  The Gossip Table . " "  Can Lindsay get sober and have a healthy and happy life ? Of course she can . But can she be believable as a character that is not like herself ? I do n't know . " In "  The Canyons , " the new film written by Bret Easton Ellis  "  American Psycho "  and directed by Paul Schrader  "  Taxi Driver , " "  Raging Bull "  , Lohan plays Tara , a woman who has a lot going on -- not least of which is that her boyfriend  played by porn star James Deen  likes to invite other men and women home to have sex with them . The low-budget film had difficulties finding a distributor , and The New York Times documented Lohan 's on-set antics , which nearly got her fired from the film before shooting even began . "  The Canyons " is set to be released this week via video on demand , and it has been savaged by critics for both the film and Lohan 's acting . "  Lohan 's performance is certainly terrible , but her steady slide started long ago , " wrote IndieWire 's Eric Kohn . " ` The Canyons ' has nothing on the awesomely horrendous 2007 ' I Know Who Killed Me , ' a ultra-campy fusion of art house and crime movie tropes that fell apart in several directions at once . " Before that , Lohan made critics ' hit list for her turn as Elizabeth Taylor in the made-for-television movie "  Liz & Dick , " about the late actress ' love affair with Richard Burton . "  Lohan , who has squandered years of promise and talent as a sullen-faced party girl and irregular arrestee , has been cut so many breaks , it 's difficult to root for her anymore , " Ken Tucker wrote in Entertainment Weekly . While Lohan is reportedly doing well post-rehab , her biggest projects do n't quite reflect the work of someone who was once on track to become the greatest actress of her generation . Instead , Lohan is slated to open up to talk show queen Oprah Winfrey while also appearing on an eight part docu-series chronicling her comeback . She 's also guest-hosting for Chelsea Handler on "  Chelsea Lately . " Lohan ca n't even lay claim anymore to the title of Hollywood 's most troubled ingenue , as that role has now been filled by Amanda Bynes . So where does that leave her ? Schrader wrote in an essay for Film Comment that he believes Lohan and the late Marilyn Monroe have a lot in common . "  I think Lohan has more natural acting talent than Monroe did , but , like Monroe , her weakness is her inability to fake it , " he wrote . "  She feels she must be experiencing an emotion in order to play it . This leads to all sorts of emotional turmoil , not to mention on-set delays and melodrama . "  We call them "  troubled , " "  tormented , " "  train wrecks " -- but we ca n't turn away . We ca n't stop watching . They get under our skin in a way that controlled performers ca n't . " Her father , Michael Lohan , recently told E! News he believes his daughter will be "  another Robert Downey Jr. , " referencing the Academy Award-nominated actor who famously turned around his life and career after several arrests and rehabs . "  I 'm very , very proud of what she 's accomplished , how far she 's come and how seriously she 's taking her sobriety and her future , " he said . So we 'll watch . And we 'll wait . But Lohan has been here before . In 2012 , a highly publicized guest appearance on "  Glee " and shots of the actress dining with iconic director Woody Allen led to speculation that Lohan was on her way to a career resurgence . Then there was chatter that the actress was "  a diva " on the "  Glee " set , and nothing appeared to come of the chats with Allen . One year later , Lohan was back in rehab . All the public can count on is that Lohan is willing to take any shot given to her . "  She is great at making attempts at a comeback , " Levy said . "  Is she great at having career longevity ? The jury is still out . "	Lindsay Lohan has new projects coming up , but critics savage new movie A celebrity expert questions whether she can pull off diverse characters Her "  Canyons " director wrote that she is more talented than Marilyn Monroe
So , Justin Bieber has done something stupid again . This time , he made the headlines by allegedly smoking pot on a chartered airplane and being rude and verbally abusive to the crew on a flight to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey . Is he just another rich teen idol blowing off a little testosterone ? Sure . But seriously , his bad behavior is getting a bit out of control . For those who may never have flown aboard a charter , think of it like a bigger , swankier limousine where the passengers in the back are pretty much free to do whatever they want . In a regular airplane , the line in the sand is a bit clearer when it comes to passenger conduct . Unruly behavior is not tolerated on airlines like Delta or American Airlines . Get rowdy and obnoxious enough and most captains would tell the passengers they were landing the airplane at the nearest airport if they did n't calm down . On the chartered airplane that carried Bieber , his father and 10 friends , the flight attendant was verbally abused so much so that she took refuge near the cockpit , according to a police report . The report also said that the captain asked the Beiber entourage more than once to stop smoking marijuana , but those demands were ignored . Worried that the intoxicating fumes would eventually make their way to the cockpit , the pilots donned their emergency oxygen masks . Luckily , all went well and the airplane landed safely . In the great rulebook of flying , this easily qualifies as interference with the flight crew . However , even though the plane was met by Customs agents and the police upon landing , and the cabin still smelled like marijuana , none of the crew members wanted to press charges . Who has the resources to sue a pop star who can hire the best lawyer money can buy ? Bieber got off easy in this incident . But it could have been a disaster . What if the crew of the chartered jet , trying to be nice to this unruly bunch of well-paying customers , had n't put on the oxygen masks ? What if the fumes had gotten them high before they put on those masks ? Instead of a bunch of crazies arguing with the flight crew , you could have a flight crew impaired as well . Imagine a now-impaired flight crew approaching some of the busiest airspace in the world . Could they have managed to get the airplane down on the ground in one piece ? Maybe . But maybe not , because when you 're impaired your thinking is off . Or , what if one of the passengers , already high as a kite , had wandered up front and distracted the pilots  chartered planes do n't usually have the same secure doors as airliners  ... just enough that they missed an important radio call or failed to notice another nearby airplane ? If you were on an airliner headed for Newark or LaGuardia , how would you feel knowing the guys in some nearby business jet are loopy ? Or imagine if the airplane had slid off the runway during landing , or sailed through the airport fence because the crew was n't really in control ? The profit the charter company made carrying the Bieber entourage would not even cover the attorney 's fees in a lawsuit . The flight attendant on the flight said she 'd never fly with these passengers again , and good for her . The charter company should never carry the Bieber entourage again , either , because these people do n't belong in an airplane where they can hurt someone else . Most captains I know would have put the safety of the crew , the passengers and the people on the ground above everything else . Should any company fly Bieber after this ? I hope not , but a wealthy pop star usually gets his way .	Justin Bieber and his entourage smoked pot a charter plane , says police report Robert Mark : Bieber has been getting in trouble lately , but this is getting out of line He says smoking marijuana on a flight could potentially have serious consequences Mark : Thank goodness the pilots landed safely , but Bieber 's behavior was risky
At first glance , the sleepy Chinese town of Anren , is n't much to look at unless you 're a fan of the giant Buddha heads and vintage water tanks being hawked outside its vintage buildings . And then , around a corner , everything changes . At the far end of a long driveway lies a colossal complex and one single word that has come to define Anren : museums . A decade ago , Anren was like many other ancient towns dotted around the country -- rich in history but largely forgotten . Located just over an hour 's drive from Chengdu , the capital of China 's southwestern Sichuan province , it traces its origins back to the Tang dynasty  618-907 AD  . Due to a lack of industry , Anren would likely have remained a backwater but for local landlord Liu Wencai , whose legacy has driven the town 's rebirth as an historic destination . Liu and his family emerged as prominent local residents in the 1930 . Cruel tactics Legend has it that he amassed tremendous wealth through cruel tactics , including forcefully taking lands from farmers and brutalizing local women . By the time he died in 1949 after a period of failing health , he had created an enormous 70,000-square-meter estate . His family and staff also prospered in the 1930s and 40s , enabling them to build 40 connecting mansions in the center of Anren . Liu 's estate became the town 's first museum in 1958 . Each mansion boasts its own unique style , displaying the rank , importance and interests of their owners . A blend of Western and Chinese architectural aesthetics , they also provide insight into the remarkable period between the end of imperial China 's last rulers -- the Qing dynasty -- and the formation of the People 's Republic . Twenty seven mansions survived the turbulent years of revolution and now make up the heart of Anren old town , mostly in the form of hotels or restaurants . Some have been transformed into galleries or museums dedicated to a variety of subjects , such as film , and are open to visitors . Most , though , lie behind locked doors . The accessible buildings have now become a major attraction for wedding parties and mansion feasts . The weddings feature many obsolete local traditions . Lavish recipes Chopsticks are thrown in the air -- a gesture once thought to lead to abundant offspring -- and bejeweled swords are hung from sedan chairs for luck . Some couples come just to have their wedding photos taken . Mansion feasts , meanwhile , showcase lavish recipes created by chefs who cooked exclusively for the owners of the Anren 's large houses and passed down through generations . A spicy duck feet salad is said to be the invention of one of Liu 's wives . Despite its colourful history , Anren did n't evolve as a museum town until Jianchuan Fan , a real estate developer-turned-collector-and-curator , decided to open a private museum here in 2003 . Fan had acquired land in Anren through auction and decided that it would be the perfect spot to house his large collection of revolution memorabilia . It transformed the area into the Jianchuan Museum cluster . Opened to the public in 2005 , it 's still a growing project . Ghost town There are currently 24 exhibition spaces open , covering 100,000 square meters  1.1 million square feet  and housing more than eight million items including historical artefacts , commissioned artworks and reproduced photographs , themed around the Sino-Japanese war , the Mao-era , Chinese culture and the 2008 Sichuan earthquake . When Chengdu 's government announced in 2009 that it would invest $ 820 million to transform Anren into an internationally renowned museum town , its fate was further sealed . Later that year , China 's Association of Museums and the National Heritage Board awarded Anren the title of "  China 's Museum Town . " Midweeks , this new identity has done little to change Anren 's appearance as a ghost town populated only by artefacts . Come Saturdays , Sundays and holidays , however , it 's a bustling tourist spot bathed in a sea of visitors . Here are the main attractions : Jianchuan Museum Cluster While most sites are ticketed , there are a few installations that are free to view such as the Handprint Square of the veterans of China . Ticketed exhibits follow themes -- there 's the War Series , the Red Series , the Earthquake Series and the Folk Series . The vast collections can be a bit overwhelming so it can be worth focusing on the highlights . In the War Series , the Hall of Unyielding Chinese Prisoners of War tells the stories of Chinese POWs through a series of photographs . There are also three floors of artifacts at the Hall of the Core of the Resistance , focusing on individuals in the Sino-Japanese war . The Red Series contains the most distinctive exhibits . A maze of decorative looking glasses adorns the Red Age Badge , Clock and Seal Exhibition Hall of the Red Era Mirror Museum . There are also thousands of unique pieces on display in the Gallery of Porcelain of New China that explore how the aesthetic style of porcelain changed between the 1950s to the 1980s . The Earthquake Series and the Folk Series are smaller . The Wenchuan Earthquake Museum relates harrowing tales from 2008 Sichuan earthquake survivors and their rescuers . The Museum of Shoes for Bound Feet features adult footwear measuring just four inches long . Access to all the museums costs RMB$ 100  $ 16  and tickets are valid for three days . Individual museums costs RMB$ 20  $ 3  to enter . Other ticket options are also available . Liu Family estates The estates are split into four main areas : the Liu Family Old Manor , Liu Family 's Historic Home , Precious Artefacts Gallery and Rent Collection Hall . Liu Family Old Manor is the house where Wencai Liu lived with his close relatives . Highlights include their intricately carved door frames and beds . The Precious Artefacts Gallery is is now home to the items that once sat in the now mostly bare rooms of the Old Manor . Visit to all of the areas on site costs RMB$ 50  $ 8  but there are also separate tickets for individual areas . Anren 's Old Mansions Dominating the center of the old town , along Hong Xing Street , Yu Ming Street , Shu Ren Street and De Ren Lane , are Anren 's Old Mansions . Many of these are now restaurants , boutique hotels or cafes with varying appeal to just-visiting tourists . The buildings are still well-preserved and the interiors are often in keeping with the era so it 's worth having a peek at some of the architecture and murals on the walls . There are also numerous vintage film posters on the walls in this part of town . The Film Museum is free to enter but tickets to movie showings cost RMB$ 10  $ 1.6  . There 's about 5,000 old films at the museum , so you never know what you might be watching . Galleries , mostly displaying traditional art , are free to enter .	Anren , in Sichuan Province , has been declared China 's "  museum town . " Sleepy town 's historic heart largely built by family of notorious local landlord in last century Anren 's fortunes changed a decade ago after property speculator began investing Today Andren 's a popular destination for weddings and banquets
CNN  -- Over the summer , veteran porn producer Tristan Taormino was looking for performers for her new movie . A casting agent recommended a woman named Cameron Bay , and Taormino put her on her short list . Less than two weeks later , Taormino found out Bay had HIV . It shook her up -- imagine if Bay had been on her set , she thought to herself , possibly transmitting the disease to the other performers . That was the moment , Taormino says , that she decided to make a fundamental change in the way she does business and become one of the few straight porn producers to require condoms on her set . "  It just struck me we need to take a step back and look at how we can give people the safest work experience possible , " she says . "  I can no longer roll the dice on my set . " Taormino knows she 's going to get heat for her decision from within her own industry . Even with three recent cases of HIV among performers  Bay is one of them  many porn producers and performers are still fighting against mandatory condom use . According to the Free Speech Coalition , which represents the adult entertainment industry , when they tried using condoms nine years ago after another HIV outbreak , the $ 14 billion-a-year business saw revenue decline as much as 30 % . The industry group says in the recent cases , the performers did not contract the virus at work and did n't transmit it to any other performers . After the HIV cases were revealed , the industry shut itself down temporarily and required all performers to be re-tested for sexually transmitted infections . The moratorium ended Friday and performers went back to work . Porn producers say performers are protected on the job because they have the option of using condoms if they want to . Plus , performers are tested for sexually transmitted infections every two weeks , and producers have access to the testing service 's database that says whether performers are clear to work . In November , Los Angeles County passed an ordinance requiring condom use on porn sets , but industry insiders say the rule is not well enforced and often ignored . Council votes for condom mandate in adult films "  We support choice for performers , as well as the successful testing system that has been in place since 1998 , which have resulted in no on-set transmission of HIV in nine years , nationwide , " Diane Duke , the coalition 's CEO says on the group 's website . Many performers agree . "  We all take a risk going to work every day , " performer Danny Wylde wrote in a blog post . "  It 's a managed risk . And it 's something I choose to participate in so that I can get a paycheck at the end of my day . " But Taormino worries that the risk is perhaps not so well managed . She points out that the HIV cases , plus some recent cases of syphilis and hepatitis , show testing is n't foolproof . First , performers can become infected during the two week window between tests . Second , because of the nature of the HIV test , a person can become infected with the virus and still test negative for 7-10 days , according to the Free Speech Coalition . Taormino says she 'll require condoms even if she loses some viewers -- but she 's not so sure she will . "  I know there 's a lot of talk about how porn watchers do n't want to see condoms and sales will plummet and everyone 's going to be miserable , " says Taormino . "  But I 'm not buying it . " Taormino , co-editor of "  The Feminist Porn Book : The Politics of Producing Pleasure , " does however , buy a different argument : some female performers say condoms are irritating and after a full day on the set they end up with abrasions inside their vaginas , and bacteria and viruses could find their way into the tiny cuts . Dr. J. Craig Strafford says he 's heard about this from many of his female patients -- he calls it "  floor burn . " "  This complaint is legitimate . It 's a real physiological problem , " says Strafford , a past vice president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists who runs reproductive health and sexually transmitted disease clinics in Ohio . "  It 's like when you fall off a bike and get a scraped knee . It could get infected if you do n't clean it up , " he says . He says one solution might be to use a condom that 's not made of latex , since some people find those irritating and abrasive , but non-latex condoms are often not available in the larger sizes male performers need . But Strafford is clear : Even with the "  floor burn " concern , it 's still safer to use a condom . "  Not using condoms is not an option , " he says . Taormino agrees there 's no easy solution for "  floor burn , " but condoms are still a must . "  I know it feels like I 'm going out on a limb , but I hope that others will join me , " she says . They may already be joining her . While Wylde , who 's acted in some of Taormino 's productions , says he prefers to perform without a condom , he wo n't say no to a condom-only offer . "  If a porn producer is confident that he/she is able to maintain a viable business and provide the extra safety of barrier protection for performers , I 'm 100 % on board , " he wrote in an email to CNN . Prevent STDs like a porn star CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this story .	Three porn actors recently tested positive for HIV , but did n't contract virus at work Porn producer Tristan Taormino says she will require condoms on her set Last time the industry attempted to mandate condoms , they saw revenue decline , group says
CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart stormed out of the courtroom Wednesday during the trial of Brian Mitchell , charged with kidnapping the Utah teenager in 2002 , CNN affiliate KSTU reported . Visibly upset , she left the courtroom during the testimony of a defense witness , Dr. Paul Whitehead , a forensic psychiatrist at the state mental hospital who treated Mitchell from 2005 to 2008 . Whitehead testified about Mitchell 's desire to bear children with Smart , KSTU reported . "  Mr. Mitchell was talking with Ms. Smart about having babies to the point where Ms. Smart actually picked out a name in case that happened , " Whitehead testified . That statement prompted Smart 's departure . She was followed by her mother . Mitchell 's federal trial had been halted a day earlier when Mitchell suffered a medical problem in court . On Tuesday , KSTU posted a picture of Mitchell on its website , showing him wearing an oxygen mask and sitting on a stretcher as he was being loaded into an ambulance . Mitchell , as usual , had begun singing when he was led into the courtroom Tuesday : "  O Holy Night , " KSTU reported . U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball began the proceedings by raising an issue in a note sent from jurors . As Kimball asked for jurors to be brought in , Mitchell began to wail and dropped to the floor , KSTU said . Defense attorney Wendy Lewis told Kimball , "  He 's having a seizure , your honor . " An ambulance was called , and paramedics came into the courthouse to examine Mitchell , according to KSTU . "  The judge told the jury that an issue had come up and the trial would be suspended , " said Melodie Rydalch , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Utah . Rebecca Woodridge , Mitchell 's stepdaughter , told KSTU he has suffered seizures before . "  He 's had a few of them in the past year . I do n't think there 's any reason for him to fake this , " she said . Defense attorney Robert Steele said outside the courthouse that Smart herself had testified about Mitchell suffering a seizure during her time in captivity . "  We watched a seizure , " he said , according to KSTU . "  It really happened . " Mitchell , 57 , faces charges of kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor across state lines in Smart 's abduction . Then 14 , she was kidnapped from her bedroom in her family 's Salt Lake City , Utah , home . Nine months later , she was found in the company of Mitchell -- a drifter and self-described "  prophet " who called himself Immanuel -- and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Mitchell 's trial resumed Monday after taking last week off . Barzee earlier testified as a defense witness . Defense attorneys are mounting an insanity defense for Mitchell , hoping to prove that mental illness clouded his mind to such a degree that he did not understand that his actions were wrong when he abducted and held Smart . The defense said Tuesday in court that they plan to conclude their case late this week , perhaps Thursday . The prosecution said it has up to five days of rebuttal witnesses , but both sides assured Kimball that they would be finished with closing arguments by December 10 . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Michael Martinez and In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Psychiatrist was testifying in trial of man accused of kidnapping smart She and her mother left the room during testimony about babies Brian David Mitchell 's trial had been halted after an apparent seizure Tuesday
CNN  -- Amanda Mezyk had developed a close bond with her employers ' children as their live-in nanny , which is why it was so painful when her bosses told her she was being laid off . Amanda Mezyk , 20 , lost her live-in nanny job when the recession forced her employers to cut the family budget . "  I started crying and they kept repeating , ` I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , ' " Mezyk , 20 , said about the day last November when her employers -- a Miami , Florida , plastic surgeon and a part-time dermatologist -- delivered the bad news . "  They sat me down in the living room -- where we usually would sit and talk about the kids -- and they told me that business was slow and they had to cut expenses . " As Mezyk began to realize that life as a virtual member of her employers ' family was ending , she thought about the little girl and boy -- Delaney , 6 , and Landon , 4 -- with whom she had grown so close during the past 2 1/2 years . Later , Landon found Mezyk crying in her bedroom and asked her what was wrong . "  I told him I had to go away for a little while , and that I would come visit , " she said . "  I was sad because I had to let the kids go , " she said . "  I love them like they were mine . And I want to be a part of their lives for the long run . " Her job as a live-in nanny at a lavish home in an upper-class , upscale private community came with many perks that suddenly had disappeared . The insured car provided by her employers for personal and professional use was gone . Without a steady income , Mezyk wondered how she would pay her mounting $ 8,000 credit card debt . There would be no more accompanying the family on all-expenses-paid vacations to the Bahamas , Italy and China . The layoff also put an end to Mezyk 's annual paid weeklong vacations . To survive , Mezyk has moved in with a great-aunt and uncle until she can decide on her next move . iReport.com : Tell us what are you doing to survive bad economy ? Industry leaders said Mezyk is just one of thousands of nannies who 've been swallowed up by the shifting landscape in the U.S. child care industry , one that is affecting not just nannies , but baby sitters and day care centers as well . The economic booms during the late 1990s and from 2004 to 2007 made it possible for more middle-class and upper middle-class American families to employ nannies , said Genevieve Thiers , founder of Sittercity.com . "  Now that we 're back in recession , families are unfortunately having to cut back on their nannies ' hours or unfortunately having to let go of their nannies , and it 's not a good situation . " In a poll of parents who use Sittercity.com , 17 percent said the economy is forcing them to end their time as a stay-at-home parent and return to work . Twenty-seven percent of the parents in the survey said the economy was forcing them to work more hours at their current jobs . "  Business is down a good 45 percent , " said Jennifer Winter , 37 , owner of Nannies in Miami , a nanny placement agency . "  The wealthy are still hanging on to their nannies , but the economy is forcing middle-class parents to make cuts . " Annie Davis , who launched Annie 's Nannies Household Staffing in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 , described the current recession as "  the weirdest time I think I 've seen in my lifetime . " She 's seen about 10 percent of her active nanny roster laid off since last October . "  There are nannies being laid off in families where both parents work and one parent has lost their job , " said Candi Wingate of nannies4hire.com and babysitters4hire.com . Baby-sitting ' a godsend ' in recession The recession also is forcing more non-working parents in single-income families to take jobs outside the home . As a result , many formerly full-time nannies are taking what they can get -- which often are part-time child care positions , said Wingate . Katie Heath , 30 , a self-employed health consultant and part-time baby sitter listed with Sitters to the Rescue in Indianapolis , Indiana , has been taking advantage of the increased demand to augment her income . "  I 'm baby-sitting more than I 'm working my regular job , " Heath said , adding that she 's caring for children between 12 to 16 hours a week , while devoting five hours weekly to her business . "  Baby-sitting is a godsend for me . " During a recession , said Thiers -- a self-described 30-year-old "  super-sitter " -- "  everybody suddenly realizes , ` Wow , caregiving is a really great gig . ' " "  Increased numbers of recent college graduates are posting resumes on the Web site for jobs as nannies or baby sitters , because they 're not finding full-time work in other fields , " Thiers said . Not surprisingly , with a rising supply of available baby sitters , the pay rate is falling . The standard baby-sitting rate nationwide is $ 10 to $ 12 per hour , according to most agencies . This can drop by at least a dollar per hour in some markets , due to economic pressures . According to its survey , 26 percent of Sittercity.com 's sitters and nannies said their pay has decreased from last summer . For full-time nannies , a typical Miami salary in past years was $ 700 per week , said Winter . "  Now they 're getting more like $ 400 . " In the two months since her layoff , Mezyk has been accepting baby-sitting jobs to survive -- working sporadically about 20 hours a week for various clients . "  It 's nowhere near what I 'm used to making , " said Mezyk . "  Baby-sitting is not the same thing as being a nanny . It 's not promised , it 's not guaranteed . My goal is to have a steady income . " Many parents who have laid off their child care helpers find themselves wracked with guilt because they 're getting rid of nannies they love , said Thiers . "  They 're trying to move heaven and earth to get them a new position , " she said , including using online chat rooms and message boards . Nanny sharing : Pros and cons Agencies are touting the benefits of what 's called nanny sharing , when two families share the talents of a single nanny . Nannies4hire.com , which boasts of helping more than 500,000 U.S. and Canadian families since 1987 , said the addition of nanny sharing has boosted business by 15 percent . "  One family has the nanny for two days , the other has the nanny for three days , " said Wingate . Nanny sharing might save a family as much as 30 percent on what an exclusive nanny might charge , she said . Nanny sharing has its drawbacks , including logistical problems , said Winter . "  What happens if the nanny gets sick ? Different parents have different demands and both families suffer , " she said . "  Nannies think it 's too stressful and a lot of them wo n't do it . " Wingate agrees that nanny sharing can be complicated and said for this reason , good communication between the nanny and both families is critical . Faced with few employment options , Mezyk said she would consider a nanny-sharing situation , despite the idea of having more bosses . Her personal crisis has brought Mezyk 's young career to a crossroads , as she considers pursuing a degree in pediatric nursing . Meanwhile , she still keeps in touch with her former employers and with little Landon and Delaney . "  I know the kids really enjoy me , " she said . "  When the nanny leaves , it 's really the kids that get hurt the most . "	Painful layoff hits young Florida nanny -- in her heart and wallet Experts : Middle-class layoffs resulting in out-of-work nannies Demand down for nannies and up for baby sitters , experts say Families are sharing services of one nanny to save money
Bekoji , Ethiopia  CNN  -- It might be many miles away from the usual sporting capitals of the world , but when it comes to long-distance running there 's one tiny place that 's setting the pace . Nestled amidst rolling farmlands on the green hills of southern central Ethiopia , Bekoji is a sleepy town of less than 20,000 people , most of whom are farmers and herders . But apart from the wheat and maize growing on Bekoji 's fertile soil , this small town a few hours south from capital Addis Ababa is also the breeding ground for some of the best track and field athletes in the world . Set at about 2,800 meters above sea level , Bekoji has produced a string of Olympic champions and world-beating long-distance runners , including multiple Olympic gold medal winners Tirunesh Dibaba and Kenenisa Bekele . Sentayehu Eshetu , the legendary coach who has so far trained four of Bekoji 's Olympic gold winners , says that a winning mix of thin air , lean diet and different terrains has helped the town 's rich crop of runners stand out in recent years . "  Our training fields are very conducive for athletics , " says Eshetu , 56 , who is known in Bekoji simply as "  Coach . " "  We have downhill , flat land , all of these here in Bekoji . The food they eat also has an impact , the weather has an impact , the combination of these makes the kids successful . " Read this : Senegalese teens shoot for U.S. glory Eshetu is quick to add , however , that favorable weather and training conditions do not guarantee success . Determination and dedication are key , he says . "  Our runners are successful because they work hard , " he explains . "  They work with the aim of reaching for success . This is what makes them different . " And if there 's anyone who should know about success , that 's Eshetu . For some 25 years he has been discovering and nurturing the talents of some the finest runners in Ethiopia -- a global powerhouse in long-distance running , with 35 Olympic medals in the last 20 years . Apart from Dibaba and Bekele , Eshetu has also trained Derartu Tulu , a two-time Olympic champion , Tiki Gelana , the marathon winner at the 2012 London Olympics , Tirfi Tsegaye , winner of the recent 2013 Dubai Marathon , and many others . Read this : Cameroon 's outspoken football star Using a blue-walled mud hut as an office and Bekoji 's fields as training grounds , Eshetu spots , coaches and mentors scores of local youngsters who follow his rigorous routine in the hope of running their way from Bekoji to international stardom . "  When I recruit athletes , I look at those who have a desire to put in the work , " says Eshetu . "  I look at their shape . Kids who are too short wo n't have good results . Those who are tall walk upright and those who complete their training with passion , I recruit them . "  They train here for three years after entering the camp . After three years , those with good results move on to other clubs . After that , based on their time , they compete in other races , even international ones . " But for the majority of these young athletes , this is not an easy road . Poverty is common , sporting equipment does not come cheap and most get by on no more than two meals a day . "  Here athletes have difficulty with getting regular food , with owning shoes , they face a lot of problems , " says Eshetu . "  They have to sew their shoes , manage with little food , work long and hard , but I believe this allows them to become stronger and successful . " Read this : NBA boss finding Africa 's basketball stars Eshetu 's golden girl is three-time Olympic champion Dibaba , a member of a sporting family dynasty that includes four successful long-distance athletes . Last summer , as Dibaba sprinted through the finish line to win gold in the 10,000 meters at the London Olympics , Eshetu was watching proudly on a screen thousands of miles away . "  Sentayehu knew that my cousin Derartu Tulu ran , " says Dibaba . "  He knew that my sisters ran too , that 's why he encouraged me to start running . He used to tell me that I would be a great runner . He knew I would be a fast runner that 's why he started coaching me . " For Dibaba , representing a country with such a distinguished athletics history brings a feeling of great responsibility . "  Our country is not like other countries , " says Dibaba . "  You should bring back gold when you compete for Ethiopia . The people do n't accept anything less , the people wo n't be happy with anything less . "  Silver and bronze in our country is no better than finishing fifth or sixth . I want to make people happy and therefore think of finishing first . My heart pounds when I think of this , and that why I train hard , to make the people happy . " Driven by a strong sense of duty and a strong desire to produce successful athletes , Eshetu shows no signs of stopping . Instead , he 's always keeping an eye out for the next rising star to come out of Bekoji 's rich crop . "  Running for Ethiopia is a movement that has shown the world where we are , what we can do and who we are as a people , " says Eshetu .	Ethiopian long-distance runners have won 35 Olympic medals in the last 20 years In the small Ethiopian town of Bekoji , coach Sentayehu Eshetu has discovered four gold champions His prodigies include star runners Tirunesh Dibaba and Kenenisa Bekele
CNN  -- Five German citizens were among six people killed Monday after a tourist bus crashed into a container truck and burst into flames on an expressway outside Beijing , Chinese state media reported . A Chinese person also died , and 14 other people were injured , in the crash on a road linking Beijing with Shanghai , the state news agency Xinhua reported , citing police authorities in Tianjin , a city about 100 kilometers  60 miles  southeast of the capital . The crash , in which the bus transporting German tourists rear-ended the container truck , occurred at 8:30 a.m. Monday , according to the Xinhua report . The Germans ' tour group was organized by the Beijing-based China Youth Travel Service , it said . Road accidents are frequent in China , and traffic on the nation 's roads had been particularly heavy over the weekend as people headed home for a weeklong national holiday . A photo carried by Xinhua showed the charred wreckage of the bus standing on the expressway Monday . The news agency said it was unclear how many people were on the bus , but that witnesses had reported seeing "  a few people " escaping from the burning vehicle . The cause of the crash is under investigation , it said .	A bus carrying German tourists rear-ends a truck on a Beijing-Shanghai road The bus catches fire after the collision , killing six and injuring 14 , the authorities say It comes after a weekend of heavy traffic on Chinese roads as a weeklong holiday begins
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A California judge denied Thursday a request from an actress who , claiming she was a victim of fraud who 'd been caused irreversible harm , wanted an inflammatory anti-Islam video in which she had appeared to be removed from YouTube 's website . Cindy Lee Garcia , who was among those in "  Innocence of Muslims , " had sued the producer of the film , Nakoula Basseley Nakoula -- who authorities say has numerous aliases -- alleging she is a victim of fraud , invasion of privacy and misappropriation of her likeness . In her complaint , filed Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court , Garcia also sued YouTube , the video-sharing website on which the film 's trailer is posted , and its parent company , Google . She alleged the company caused her irreparable harm by not removing the video from its site and asked a judge to order the trailer be taken down immediately . YouTube attorney Timothy Alger , meanwhile , argued that federal law protects forums such as YouTube from abiding by such orders , from third parties , to remove videos . Actress in anti-Islamic film files lawsuit against filmmaker and YouTube On Thursday , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Luis Lavin ruled the company can leave the video up online , denying Garcia 's request for a temporary restraining order . Last week , the actress told CNN she had been unaware the filmmaker dubbed over dialogue in the movie and had inserted anti-Islam sentiments . The producer 's representations that he "  intended to make an ` adventure film ' and that  the  plaintiff would be depicted as a concerned mother , were false , " Garcia alleges in her lawsuit . The defendant "  made an anti-Islam propaganda film , in which plaintiff is falsely made to appear to accuse the founder of the Islamic religion of being a sexual deviant and child molester , " says the complaint . The lawsuit claims Garcia lost her job and her privacy since the film , on September 11 , went from being an obscure Internet video to a target of Muslim protests worldwide . The film mocks the Islamic Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . From Morocco to Malaysia , demonstrators in more than 20 countries have railed against the "  Innocence of Muslims " and the United States , since the film was  privately  produced and disseminated in the country . Some of these groups have targeted U.S. diplomatic missions , including those who breached the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , Egypt , and those who killed four Americans during an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Garcia said that , since the video got widespread attention , she has received death threats and has not visited her grandchildren out of fear that they will be harmed . Calls to representatives of Nakoula were not immediately returned . Actor : Filmmaker ` was playing us along '	Actress in "  Innocence of Muslims " filed complaint alleging she was a victim of fraud She 'd sued the filmmaker and YouTube 's parent company , saying she had been harmed A judge denies her request that YouTube be ordered to take the video down from its site The trailer for the film has stirred protests by Muslims worldwide
CNN  -- Few things are ever certain in the murky world of post-Soviet politics , but the balance of evidence as it stands points overwhelmingly towards pro-Russian separatists as the perpetrators of Thursday 's missile attack that caused the death of 298 people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . If this becomes the settled conclusion of the governments around the world once all the facts are known , the consequences for Vladimir Putin are likely to be severe . Throughout his time as Russian leader , Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community ; playing governments off against each other and sensing when the reluctance of certain countries to act would provide him with greater freedom of maneuver . So far he has just about managed to get away with annexing Crimea and destabilizing eastern Ukraine . Germany , unwilling to disrupt economic ties , has played a crucial role in limiting the scope of Western sanctions and Putin has been able to draw on reserves of good will in the developing world to overcome the threat of full international isolation . MH17 puts all of that in jeopardy . The thing that will worry Putin most is that so many of the victims were from the European Union , including more than half from the Netherlands alone . The Dutch are relentless at using EU channels to challenge those deemed to have harmed their interests -- just ask the Serbs . The start of Serbia 's EU accession negotiations was single-handedly blocked by the Dutch until Belgrade finally handed over General Ratko Mladic to the Hague war crimes tribunal in 2011 . Mladic was held responsible for humiliating Dutch peacekeepers during the Srebrenica massacre sixteen years earlier . Jet downing a ` game-changer ' in world relations with Russia With 193 of its own citizens among the dead , we can expect the Netherlands to demand European solidarity in the form of a much tougher response to the crisis . This will make it increasingly difficult for Germany to hold the line against the extension of sanctions . The overwhelming view among EU leaders will be that the fighting in eastern Ukraine must now be brought to a definitive end and that Russia bears primary responsibility for the fact that it has continued so long . This narrows dramatically the gap between European and American perspectives on the situation and creates the potential for a much more united Western policy towards Russia . A second troubling factor for Putin is that the Ukraine crisis has now touched the developing world in a serious way for the first time . Until yesterday it had been seen as a struggle between Russia and the West , with latent suspicion of the West among many emerging nations creating sympathy for Russian actions , if not actual approval . A major objective of Putin 's post-Crimea diplomacy has been to capitalize on that sympathy in order to increase his options and reduce Russia 's reliance on the West . He hastily concluded a gas deal with China and made a big play of his involvement in the recent BRICS summit . The death of so many Malaysian and Indonesians on MH17 leaves him with a lot of explaining to do . Sensing that he was losing the military initiative to a newly emboldened Ukrainian government , Putin had spent much of the last week preparing the way for a major escalation of Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine . Russian forces had become much more directly involved in the fighting and allegations that Ukrainian forces had fired missiles across the Russian border were intended to create a pretext for intervention . Because of this disaster he now finds himself on the back foot once again . Instead of being able to claim that he has been dragged reluctantly into the fighting , he now looks like the aggressor . America 's Ambassador to the UN , Samantha Power , could not have been clearer in apportioning blame in her speech at the Security Council Friday : "  Russia can end this war . Russia must end this war . " The result is likely to be a Western ultimatum to Russia to comply with its previous commitments to rein in the separatists and deliver them to the negotiating table . If Putin refuses , the consequences could be twofold . The first is that the Ukrainian government would be given a much freer hand to continue and complete its "  anti-terror " operations against pro-Russian forces . The second would be a further tightening of Western sanctions . If these included a shift to the long threatened "  sector sanctions " covering whole industries , the impact could be severe at a time when the Russian economy is already looking extremely vulnerable . Having maintained the tactical initiative for most of the last four months , Putin suddenly faces an uncomfortable dilemma . Failure to co-operate in de-escalating the crisis invites the risk of deeper international isolation and real economic pain . But abandoning the separatists mean a loss of political leverage over Ukraine and an even bigger loss of face at home . On a purely domestic level , Putin has done well out of the crisis so far . Popularity ratings that were collapsing two years ago are once more at near record levels . But he has achieved this by unleashing nationalist passions he does n't entirely control . Whatever course he chooses , it is unlikely that his leadership will emerge unscathed . READ MORE : Families grieve for victims READ MORE : Who should investigate crash ? READ MORE : ` We have just shot down a plane ' The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Clark .	Evidence points to pro-Russian separatists as perpetrators of the attack that downed MH17 If this becomes a settled conclusion , consequences for Russia 's Putin are significant Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community The MH17 crash leaves him with an uncomfortable dilemma , likely to damage his leadership
The U.S. House will vote Thursday on holding Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for withholding documents involving the failed Fast and Furious weapons crackdown , Speaker John Boehner said Wednesday . "  We 're going to proceed , " Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters . "  We 've given them ample opportunity to reply . " Late Wednesday , the House Rules Committee approved the procedure for Thursday 's debate and vote , which could bring the unprecedented contempt citation of a sitting attorney general . The move came the day after House Republicans rejected the latest offer by the White House and Justice Department to turn over some of the documents sought by congressional investigators . Administration and justice officials met Tuesday with senior aides to Boehner and House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , to try to head off the House vote . However , a senior House Republican aide said an offer to let congressional investigators see some of the requested documents in return for dropping the contempt measure was insufficient . A group of House Democrats , led by the Congressional Black Caucus , said it was planning to walk out of the House chamber on Thursday and boycott the vote . In a letter to House members that was still being circulated late Wednesday for signatures , the Democrats opposed to voting on the GOP-sponsored resolutions said , "  Contempt power should be used sparingly , carefully and only in the most egregious situations . The Republican Leadership has articulated no legislative purpose for pursuing this course of action . For these reasons we can not and will not participate in a vote to hold the Attorney General in contempt . " The letter went on to say the signers would refuse to participate in any vote that "  would tarnish the image of Congress or of an Attorney General who has done nothing but work tirelessly to protect the rights of the American people . We must reflect upon why we are elected to this body and choose now to stand up for justice . " A senior Democratic aide told CNN that , in addition to the Black Caucus , which includes more than 40 members , the Hispanic Caucus , the Asian-Pacific American Caucus , and the Progressive Caucus may also participate . It was unclear whether any Democratic leaders would join the boycott . The move would mirror a similar walkout by House Republicans in 2008 , when Democrats , who then controlled the House , voted to hold two top Bush Administration officials in contempt of Congress . The ranking Democrat on the oversight committee called Wednesday for Boehner to try to work out a solution with Holder instead of holding a vote on Thursday . "  Why are we steamrolling ahead on a matter of such gravity ? " asked Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland . "  In my opinion the answer is plain and simple : politics . " There was no word Wednesday whether Cummings would participate in the planned boycott . In a letter to Boehner , Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , asked him to reconsider his decision to bring the contempt citation to the floor . "  Holding the nation 's top law-enforcement officer in contempt of Congress would be a drastic , disproportionate action on the part of this body , " she wrote . Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death President Barack Obama has asserted executive privilege on some documents in the dispute , preventing them from being turned over on grounds they include internal deliberations traditionally protected from outside eyes . At Tuesday 's meeting , the Justice Department also offered to conduct a briefing , give Congress documents related to whistle-blowers in the case and work with the committee to respond to any questions it may have had after reviewing the materials . "  This was a good-faith effort to try to reach an accommodation while still protecting the institutional prerogatives of the executive branch , often championed by these same Republicans criticizing us right now , " White House spokesman Eric Schultz told CNN . "  Unfortunately , Republicans have opted for political theater rather than conduct legitimate congressional oversight . " Boehner , however , said Wednesday that a failure to cooperate by the Obama administration had forced House Republicans to take up the contempt measure . Republicans on the House Oversight Committee last week recommended citing Holder . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapons purchases by Mexican drug cartels . It followed similar programs started in the Bush administration . However , Fast and Furious lost track of more than 1,000 firearms it was tracking in the operation , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Issa and Republicans contend that Holder and the Justice Department are concealing details of how Operation Fast and Furious was approved and managed . Democrats argue that Issa and his GOP colleagues are using the issue to try to score political points by discrediting Holder and , by extension , the president in an election year . The showdown between Issa and Holder over the program dates back to subpoenas issued last year by the House committee . At the Rules Committee meeting Wednesday , Issa conceded that investigators lack any evidence that Holder knew of the failed weapons-tracking tactics of Fast and Furious . The contempt citation , he said , was for Holder 's failure to comply with subpoenas seeking specific documents . "  It 's not for what the attorney general knew about Fast and Furious , " Issa said . "  It 's about the attorney general 's refusal to provide the documents . " Issa , White House clash over Fast and Furious executive privilege Cummings and other Democrats contended that Issa conducted an improper investigation of Holder and Operation Fast and Furious . They complained the chairman refused to let witnesses proposed by Democrats give public testimony and was demanding documents outside the scope of the subpoenas Holder is accused of violating . A video released Tuesday by Democrats on Issa 's panel showed the chairman making past allegations of White House links to Fast and Furious , juxtaposed with Issa saying Sunday there was no evidence of a White House cover-up . Some gun rights advocates , including the National Rifle Association , maintain that the program that allowed hundreds of weapons , including assault rifles , to end up in the hands of Mexican drug cartels was a way for the Obama administration to press for new gun-control laws . Issa said Sunday he had e-mails showing the administration planned to point to the operation and push for a "  weapons ban or greater reporting . " However , Cummings pushed back at Issa 's claim Tuesday , telling reporters , "  I do n't believe that , and I think it 's very unfortunate that people are coming up with these theories . " Democratic leaders in the House concede that some Democrats could join with Republicans to hold Holder in contempt , citing pressure from the NRA . "  There 's been no polling of our membership on how they will respond to the NRA , but suffice it to say certainly that the NRA is a major force " in Washington , Rep. John Larson , D-Connecticut , told reporters Wednesday . He predicted the "  strong majority " of the Democratic caucus would oppose the contempt measure . The committee vote last week was on strict party lines , with Republicans supporting a contempt recommendation and Democrats opposing it . The vote occurred before the gun lobby formally registered its support for the contempt resolution . Rarely has any pro-gun-rights Democrat representing a rural and Southern district broken with the NRA 's position on key votes , especially in an election year . "  The reason we support the contempt resolution is the same reason we first called for Attorney General Holder 's resignation more than a year ago : the Department 's obstruction of congressional oversight of a program that costs lives in support of an anti-gun agenda , " said a letter to Issa last week from NRA Executive Director Chris Cox . The NRA , which frequently weighs in on congressional races with endorsements and support of a national grassroots network , also warned of electoral consequences for anyone voting against the contempt measure . "  This is an issue of utmost seriousness , and the NRA will consider this vote in our future candidate evaluations , " the organization said . Opinion : Do n't be nosy about Fast and Furious House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said last week that Republicans were targeting Holder because he is fighting their efforts to suppress voter turnout in November . On Wednesday , Larson chastised Republicans for pushing ahead on the contempt vote as part of a strategy to prevent economic progress and harm Obama 's re-election chances in November . "  This is just all part of a continuing plan , and whether it 's suppressing the vote or suppressing the economy -- this obstructionist regime that we see that continues to block because they think they would rather see President Obama fail than the nation succeed , " Larson said . Issa 's panel has been seeking documents that show why the Justice Department decided to withdraw as inaccurate the February 2011 letter . However , Holder has refused to turn over materials containing internal deliberations , and asked Obama to assert executive privilege over such documents last week .	"  We 're going to proceed , " Speaker Boehner says The House Rules Committee sets the procedure for Thursday 's debate The House is scheduled to vote on holding Attorney General Holder in contempt At issue is whether Holder complied with a subpoena from congressional investigators
CNN  -- Aid is getting to Haiti but it 's not as simple as getting a direct flight to the quake-battered nation . CNN followed one aid container from the headquarters of ShelterBox in Cornwall , England , to Port-au-Prince , Haiti , to see the hurdles aid groups face . Minutes after the earthquake struck on January 12 , the ShelterBox crew sprang into action . The international disaster relief organization is the brainchild of Tom Henderson , who was recognized as a CNN Hero in 2008 . "  If you 've lost everything as they have in Haiti , it 's all about shelter , warmth , comfort and dignity , " says Henderson . "  That 's what ShelterBox is . " A ShelterBox container -- containing relief supplies including a 10-person tent , water and blankets -- is designed to be easily carried by two people and stackable for easy storage . To get to Haiti from Cornwall , the box went on four flights and one overland trip over five days before being distributed to a mother and her newborn baby . Once in the Dominican Republic -- Haiti 's neighbor -- there were delays because of security concerns and a national holiday that meant local help was limited . The ShelterBox was one of 720 boxes eventually loaded into a four truck convoy in Santa Domingo for a U.N.-escorted drive to Haiti . The drive from Santo Domingo to the Haiti border took about 11 hours because of poor roads and a puncture . Twelve ShelterBoxes are being used to build an emergency field hospital at the airport , said Mark Pearson who is in Haiti for the charity . Each ShelterBox contains individual survival equipment like water carriers , a tool kit and a children 's pack containing drawing books , crayons and pens . By February 1 , Shelterbox hopes to have more than 7,000 boxes in Haiti , housing up to 70,000 people . But Henderson acknowledges there is much more to be done . "  There are thousands of people dying every day . That 's what drives us forward . This is not a job for us . It 's a passion . " Want to get involved ? Check out ShelterBox 's Web site and see how to help .	A ShelterBox aid box sent from England takes five days to reach Haiti It went via Ireland , Canada , the U.S. and Dominican Republic Box contents include tent , water , school kits and blankets
CNN  -- The same blue food dye found in M&M s and Gatorade could be used to reduce damage caused by spine injuries , offering a better chance of recovery , according to new research . Rats injected with BBG not only regained their mobility but temporarily turned blue . Researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center found that when they injected the compound Brilliant Blue G  BBG  into rats suffering spinal cord injuries , the rodents were able to walk again , albeit with a limp . The only side effect was that the treated mice temporarily turned blue . The results of the study , published in the "  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , " build on research conducted by the same center five years ago . In August 2004 , scientists revealed how Adenosine triphosphate , which is known as ATP and described as the "  energy currency of life , " surges to the spinal cord soon after injury occurs . Researchers found that the sudden influx of ATP killed off healthy cells , making the initial injury far worse . But when they injected oxidized ATP into the injury , it was found to block the effect of ATP , allowing the injured rats to recover and walk again . "  While we achieved great results when oxidized ATP was injected directly into the spinal cord , this method would not be practical for use with spinal cord-injured patients , " said lead researcher Maiken Nedergaard , professor of Neurosurgery and director of the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center . "  First , no one wants to put a needle into a spinal cord that has just been severely injured , so we knew we needed to find another way to quickly deliver an agent that would stop ATP from killing healthy motor neurons . Second , the compound we initially used , oxidized ATP , can not be injected into the bloodstream because of its dangerous side effects . " Back in 2004 , Nedergaard 's team discovered that the spinal cord was rich in a molecule called P2X7 , which is also known as "  the death receptor " for its ability to allow ATP to latch onto motor neurons and send the signals which eventually kill them . Nedergaard knew that BBG could thwart the function of P2X7 , and its similarity to a blue food dye approved by the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  in 1982 gave her the confidence to test it intravenously . It worked . The rats given BBG immediately after their injury could walk again with a limp . Those that did n't receive a dose never regained their mobility . Nedergaard told CNN that there is currently no standard treatment for patients with spinal injury when they reach the hospital emergency room . "  Right now we only treat 15 percent of the patients we receive with steroids and many hospitals question if that even works for that 15 percent ; it 's a very moderate benefit to only a subset of patients . So right now 85 percent of patients are untreated , " she said . Nedergaard said the research team is n't claiming that BBG can cure spinal injuries , instead that it offers a potential improvement in patients ' condition . "  Even a moderate improvement in functional performance of the patient is a big , big event for these patients , " she said . "  They can control their bladder . If they can just take small steps instead of sitting in a wheelchair all the time , it 's a tremendous benefit for these patients , " she added . The dose must be administered immediately after the injury , before additional tissue dies as a result of the initial injury . Researchers are currently pulling together an application to be lodged with the FDA to stage the first clinical trials of BBG on human patients . "  Our hope is that this work will lead to a practical , safe agent that can be given to patients shortly after injury , for the purpose of decreasing the secondary damage that we have to otherwise expect , " said Steven Goldman , Chair of the University of Rochester Department of Neurology .	Researchers find way to reduce secondary damage caused by spinal injuries Compound BBG is similar to blue food dye used in sweets , sports drinks Only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue Researchers are planning to apply to the FDA for permission for human tests
CNN  -- Facebook and Google 's privacy issues are well-known . But they 're nothing compared with those surrounding Silk , Amazon 's in-house Internet browser for its newly announced tablet computer , says Chester Wisniewski , a senior security adviser at British computer security firm Sophos , a British computer security firm . "  All of your web surfing habits will transit Amazon 's cloud , " he writes on Sophos ' Naked Security blog . "  If you think that Google AdWords and Facebook are watching you , this service is guaranteed to have a record of everything you do on the Web . " Amazon , best known for its online marketplace and the Kindle e-reader , unveiled a touch-screen tablet computer on Wednesday called the Kindle Fire . That got lots of chatter in tech circles . What 's been less discussed is the new cloud-based Web browser that 's loaded onto every one of Amazon 's tablets . The Amazon Silk browser appears to work unlike anything on the market today . Most Web browsers -- like Safari , Explorer and Firefox -- connect Internet users directly with websites . Silk filters everything through Amazon 's own cloud-computing servers , a move the company claims will vastly speed up the mobile Web experience -- perhaps doubling the speed at which websites load . But privacy advocates say there may be other consequences . "  What this means is that Amazon will capture and control every Web transaction performed by Fire users , " Chris Espinosa , one of the first Apple employees , wrote on his personal blog . "  Every page they see , every link they follow , every click they make , every ad they see is going to be intermediated by one of the largest server farms on the planet . People who cringe at the data-mining implications of the Facebook Timeline ought to be just floored by the magnitude of Amazon 's opportunity here . "  Amazon now has what every storefront lusts for : the knowledge of what other stores your customers are shopping in and what prices they 're being offered there . " Amazon says in its privacy statement that it does temporarily log Web use . "  Amazon Silk also temporarily logs Web addresses known as uniform resource locators  ` URLs '  for the Web pages it serves and certain identifiers , such as IP or MAC addresses , to troubleshoot and diagnose Amazon Silk technical issues . We generally do not keep this information for longer than 30 days , " the company says in its privacy statement . "  Browsing activity is aggregated and is not linked to identity , " an Amazon spokeswoman said in an e-mail to CNN . For now , the Silk browser is available only to people who use the Kindle Fire , which does n't go on sale until mid-November . There are rumors , however , that the Amazon browser could make its way onto other mobile devices and possibly desktop machines . People who worry about the data Amazon Silk may be collecting can turn off the cloud-computing piece of the browser . If they do n't , every move they make online will be logged by the company for at least a month , Wisniewski said . Amazon probably wo n't sell that data to advertisers , he said , but the fact that the company keeps a log of Internet use is scary for consumers , because that data could be hacked from Amazon 's control , or it could be subject to subpoena by the U.S. government . The Web tracking applies to secure connections as well , he said , meaning Amazon could keep a log of communications made on banking sites or the secure versions of sites like Gmail , Facebook and Twitter . Amazon says Silk will bring about a much faster Web browsing experience on mobile devices . "  I 'm sure you 've had the experience where you 're trying to load a page , and the browser is just sitting there hanging , and you 're like , ` Oh , I wish I was on a better network , ' " Amazon engineer Peter Vosshall says in a promotional video . "  We 're on a better network . Our back end has some of the fattest pipes to the Internet that you 'll find . And we do all the heavy lifting on the back end and then serve optimized content over this dedicated channel back to your device , so you do n't have to worry about it . " The underlying argument for a browser like Silk is that mobile devices do n't have enough processing power to download websites as quickly as users would like . Amazon essentially is using its computer warehouses -- which are all over the country and the world -- to do this processing for its tablet computers so that websites will load faster . The name Silk is representative of this "  split architecture . " "  We decided to call our browser Amazon Silk because , really , a thread of silk is an invisible yet incredibly strong connection between two different things , " Jon Jenkins , director of software development for Amazon Silk , says in a video . "  In our case , it 's the connection between your Kindle Fire and our Amazon Compute Cloud . And it 's the bringing together those two elements to create a better Web browser . " It 's also a browser that 's better at tracking you , Sophos ' Wisniewski writes . "  While most of us roll our eyes when confronted with long privacy policies and pages of legalese , privacy risks lurk around every corner , " he writes . "  If you buy a Fire device , think carefully as to whether your privacy is worth trading for a few milliseconds faster Web surfing experience . "	Amazon unveils Web browser called Silk At least for now , the browser works only on the new Kindle Fire tablet Silk routes Internet traffic through Amazon 's cloud It claims faster performance , but it may also collect lots of user data
"  Horsey ! " scream the children staring in awe at the glossy chestnut thoroughbred towering above them . Their tiny hands press against the glass encasing Australia 's most beloved race horse -- Phar Lap . But despite their excited squealing and impatient jostling , the impressive 1.74-meter tall gelding will never lower his glassy stare in their direction . He 'll never twitch his ears , flick his tail , or gallop down the race track with the remarkable speed which made him a national hero during the darkest days of the 1930s Depression . Phar Lap has been dead for 81 years . His body however , looks barely a day over six-years-old , frozen in time thanks to taxidermy -- the art of stuffing animal skins for display . The champion thoroughbred is one of many legendary taxidermy horses exhibited in museums around the world -- forever ready to run their next race , charge onto the battle field , or star on the big screen . "  Taxidermy is a way to immortalize their story , as well as their actions and deeds , " said Michael Reason , curator of the Phar Lap exhibition at Australia 's Melbourne Museum . "  Museums are all about experiencing ` the real thing , ' so presenting a preserved specimen is a way of doing that . " Equine legends live on From Napoleon 's horse , Le Vizir , on display at the Army Museum in Paris , to actor Roy Rogers ' trusty sidekick , Trigger , exhibited at a U.S. TV network , the intriguing world of equine taxidermy is far from , well , dead . "  What makes preserved famous creatures so different from hunting trophies or natural history specimens , is that most taxidermy is about preserving the animal 's form -- you 're not really trying to capture the spirit of the animal , " said Rachel Poliquin , author of The Breathless Zoo : Taxidermy and the Cultures of Longing . "  With famous creatures such as Phar Lap , you 're preserving it because the animal has done something which is more than animal -- it has qualities such as courage , fortitude , endurance , which we like to think are in the human domain . " Enter Comanche There is perhaps no horse which embodies those virtues quite like Comanche . The gelding gained legendary status as the sole survivor on the U.S. Cavalry side of the 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn -- fought between General Custer 's troops and native American Indians . Two days after the clash which killed hundreds of combatants , Comanche was discovered on the battlefield -- badly injured , but alive . When he died from colic 15 years later he was buried with full military honors , while his skin was preserved . Today , long after the soldiers who rode him have turned to dust , Comanche 's taxidermy body remains standing to attention at Kansas University 's Natural History Museum . "  Comanche stands for many more things than being the lone survivor on the Cavalry side -- he stands for the relentless march of the European settlers across the great plains and the war against the Indians , " said Leonard Krishtalka , director of the Biodiversity Institute at Kansas University . "  Why do we taxidermy animals , or make wax models , or copy archaeological monuments , or hold historical re-enactments ? I guess it 's a way of understanding history better , of bringing it to life . " Strike a pose But taxidermy , much like history , is never free from our own manipulation . When cowboy actor Roy Rogers had his sidekick , Trigger , stuffed in 1965 , it was in a pose befitting a screen star . Rearing on his hind legs and wearing an elaborately studded saddle , the golden palomino who appeared alongside Rodgers in dozens of films , was auctioned for a whopping $ 266,500 to cable company RFD-TV in 2010 . It appears that in death , Trigger had become larger than life . "  A taxidermy animal is just the skin of the animal , and of course the skin has no inherent shape or pose . " Poliquin said . "  And that 's where the artistry and the human manipulation become involved . " "  Are you going to pose the lion sleeping or attacking an antelope ? All those decisions come in manufacturing the ultimate spectacle . " Art imitating life While taxidermy attempts to recreate animals , it actually uses very little of their original parts . Instead , the skin is usually stretched over an artificial skeleton and preserved with chemicals . Features such as glass eyes or synthetic tongues are also added . "  You have to have a solid knowledge of anatomy , " said Krishtalka . "  One of the big problems with early taxidermy , was that the skin was susceptible to insect infestation . "  Virtually all the animals that have been stuffed before 1960 have great quantities of arsenic on them and still have to be handled with gloves . " Alluring animals There is something both disconcerting and mesmerizing about coming face-to-face with animals who teeter in the realm between life and death . In the case of our hero horses , there is also a deep emotional turmoil at play -- we hold these animals in such high esteem that we feel compelled to stuff them for display . Perhaps Poliquin sums up the enduring allure of taxidermy best : "  There 's a psychological twist that you can never fully get to the bottom of . "	From race horses to war horses , museums display taxidermy equines Includes Comanche , lone survivor of 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn Taxidermy involves stretching real animal skin over artificial frame Enduring allure as animals teeter in realm between life and death
Cairo  CNN  -- Overcrowding inside a cathedral where Coptic Christians had gathered to pay last respects to their pope caused a stampede that left three people dead and more than 50 injured , a health official said . Coptic Pope Shenouda III , who led the Coptic community for more than four decades , died Saturday . He was 88 . On Sunday , thousands of Christians paid their respects to him at the Coptic cathedral in Cairo where his body went on display in an elaborate golden crown and red and golden robes . The mass of people inside the cathedral prompted the stampede , according to Deputy Health Minister Hisham Sheeha , who said three were killed and 52 injured , most suffering from lack of oxygen and low blood pressure . Shenouda 's funeral will be held early this week and is expected to bring millions of Christians onto the streets of Egypt at a time when tensions with the Muslim majority are high . Egypt 's Christian minority has been the target of a number of high-profile attacks in the past several years . The bombing of a major church in Alexandria in January 2011 left at least 21 people dead , and at least 25 Coptic Christians and their supporters were killed in clashes with the army in October . That incident was the bloodiest in Egypt since its revolution in February . Christians are a very small minority in Egypt , although the Coptic Orthodox Church is the largest Christian church in the Middle East , according the Coptic Orthodox Church Centre in Stevenage , England . The U.S. State Department estimates that Egypt is roughly 9 % Coptic Christian , but the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , which released a report on the global Christian population last year , says it is probably closer to 5 % . Egypt did not release the number of Christians in its 2006 census , the think tank said . The leader of the Coptic Christian community since 1971 , Shenouda was in poor health off and on for many years . He traveled to the United States to undergo medical tests last year . He died of renal failure "  due to the diabetes he endured for years , " said Sheif Doss , head of the Egyptian General Coptic Association . The pope had lung cancer , which spread to the rest of his body , Doss said . "  The funeral is expected to take place in two days , as massive preparations must take place first . It is a historical event and 2 million people are expected to attend the prayers . I do n't expect violence though , " Doss said . Egypt 's Supreme Council announced Sunday three days of mourning for the Coptic Christian community . Shenouda will be buried Tuesday at Emba Bishoy monastery in Wadi Natroun , northwest of Egypt 's capital , said Markus Askuf , spokesman for the Coptic Church . The area is home to some of the world 's earliest Christian monasteries . Shenouda , a journalist in his youth , was once sentenced to spend four years in Wadi Natroun by the late president Anwar Al-Sadat . In addition to millions of followers in Egypt , the Coptic church has adherents in Europe , Canada , the United States , Kenya , Zimbabwe , Namibia and South Africa . U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife offered their condolences Saturday after news of Shenouda 's death spread , saying he will be remembered as "  a man of deep faith , a leader of a great faith , and an advocate for unity and reconciliation . " "  His commitment to Egypt 's national unity is also a testament to what can be accomplished when people of all religions and creeds work together , " the Obamas said . When a Coptic pope dies , all 150 bishops of the church 's Holy Council appoint an acting patriarch until a vote is conducted for a successor , Doss said . Thousands of bishops , priests and monks are eligible to vote . The most senior bishop usually takes the role of acting patriarch . In this case , that would be Bishop Michael of Asiut . If he declines , Bishop Bakhamious of Behira is next in line , Doss said .	NEW : Stampede breaks out inside cathedral , leaving 3 dead and 52 injured The funeral could bring millions of Egyptian Christians out at a time of tension with Muslims Pope Shenouda III is to be buried Tuesday , a Coptic church spokesman says The Coptic Christian minority has been targeted in attacks in recent years
CNN  -- He won the World Cup with Italy in 2006 -- now Gennaro Gattuso is being investigated on match fixing charges . The 35-year-old was an integral part of Marcelo Lippi 's squad , playing all 180 minutes of the final against France , which Italy eventually won on penalties . But on Tuesday he was named in a statement on the official website of the Italian Football Federation that provided an update into an ongoing match fixing investigation by prosecutors in Cremona . It said that four men had been arrested over matches that were allegedly fixed in Italy 's top tier three seasons ago . Gattuso , as well as another former AC Milan star , Cristian Brocchi , who also played for Inter and Lazio , were not detained but had their homes raided as part of the probe which is focused on games in the 2010-11 season . The combative midfielder spent 13 years at Milan , winning two European Champions League titles , two Serie A crowns and the FIFA Club World Cup in 2007 . He was also part of the victorious Italy squad that won the 2006 World Cup in Germany , defeating France on penalties in the final . Gattuso turned to management after his playing career ended , taking charge at Swiss club Sion before he was relieved of his duties . His next appointment saw him take the reins at Palermo prior to the start of the current league season in Italy but he was sacked after winning just two games and replaced by Giuseppe Iachini . These allegations are the latest in a long line of stories that have plagued Italian football over recent years as prosecutors continue their probe into illegal betting and match fixing . Juventus manager Antonio Conte was handed with a 10-month suspension , later reduced to four , for failing to report match fixing while in charge of Siena , who then played in the Italian second tier . Former Lazio and Italy striker Giuseppe Signori was banned for five years while Stefano Mauri , and ex-Atalanta captain Cristiano Doni have also served suspensions . Back in 2005 the Calciopoli scandal resulted in Juventus being stripped of their 2005 and 2006 Serie A titles as well as being demoted to Serie B , Italy 's second league . Elsewhere , earlier this month 11 men in Estonia were charged with fixing 17 matches , including three in the Europa League -- Europe 's second-tier competition -- to the tune of 108,000 euros  $ 146,730  . In November , seven arrests were made in the United Kingdom as part of an ongoing investigation into match fixing in English professional football 's lower levels . An investigation by British newspaper The Daily Telegraph said one of the arrested individuals claimed that matches could be fixed for  # 50,000  $ 81,500  and correctly forecast the outcome of three games played by the same team .	Former AC Milan and Italy star Gennaro Gattuso investigated in match fixing probe Four individuals arrested in same investigation by Italian prosecutors Gattuso won two Serie A titles and two Champions League crowns at AC Milan The 35-year-old was also part of Italy 's 2006 World Cup winning squad
CNN  -- As casualties mount before the brutal onslaught of Bashar al-Assad 's forces against Syria 's pro-democracy protesters , the Russians are being unhelpful again . In Washington and Brussels , even habitually cool diplomats have been showing frustration . On January 31 Russia joined with China to block a plan presented to the U.N. Security Council by Morocco and supported by the Arab League that called on Assad to hand power to his deputy , who would then call a general election . If Assad did not comply within 15 days , the resolution threatened undisclosed "  further measures . " Moscow already had vetoed one resolution denouncing Assad 's use of force in October . As Western leaders sought to pry the Syrian dictator from power , his old friends in Moscow sent an aircraft-carrying missile cruiser to Syrian waters in a show of support last month and shipped his troops a consignment of Yakhont cruise missiles . Such actions are just the latest in a litany of obstructionist maneuvers and spoiler ploys whose goal often appears merely to undermine Western international objectives . From Washington , Moscow has seemed determined to soften or delay sanctions on Iran aimed at curbing its nuclear ambitions , to stall in talks with North Korea over its nuclear weapons , to intimidate pro-democracy movements in neighboring states , and to egg on anti-American dictators such as Hugo Chavez . Western commentators typically attribute such behavior to Putin 's personal paranoia or to attempts to rekindle the nation 's wounded pride and assert Russia 's superpower status . Look a little closer , however , and Russia 's actions seem motivated more by calculated -- albeit sometimes miscalculated -- realpolitik than by psychological impulses . First , strategic interests are at stake . In Tartus , Syria hosts the sole remaining Russian naval base on the Mediterranean , currently being refurbished by 600 Russian technicians after long disuse . To have to give up this Middle Eastern beachhead would be a shame , as far as the Russians are concerned . Second , although limited , Russia has real commercial interests in Syria . Contracts to sell arms to Damascus -- both those signed and under negotiation -- total $ 5 billion . Having lost $ 13 billion due to international sanctions on Iran and $ 4.5 billion in canceled contracts to Libya , Russia 's defense industry is already reeling . Besides arms exports , Russian companies have major investments in Syria 's infrastructure , energy and tourism sectors , worth $ 19.4 billion in 2009 . Counting pennies while protesters are gunned down may seem cynical . "  How many people need to die before the consciences of world capitals are stirred ? " Britain 's Foreign Secretary William Hague demanded on January 31 , clearly thinking of Moscow . But Russian policymakers have developed an allergy to Western leaders ' moralizing . Just as it was pressing al-Assad to resign , the U.S. State Department quietly lifted a ban on military aid to the Karimov dictatorship in Uzbekistan , which had butchered its own protesters a few years earlier .  Uzbekistan is important for supply lines to NATO troops in Afghanistan .  Neither did Washington press the king of Bahrain -- where the U.S. Navy has a port -- to step down after he crushed popular demonstrations in his capital . From Washington , the West 's recent interventions in the Middle East seem unplanned and responsive , with modest goals . From Moscow , it is easy to see a pattern in the repeated use of force to overthrow leaders -- from Afghanistan and Iraq to Libya -- and diplomatic pressure to dislodge others -- in Tunisia , Egypt and Yemen . President George W. Bush may be gone , but his "  Freedom Agenda , " it sometimes seems , lives on . Libya is a particularly sore point . Russia 's leaders felt they were tricked into supporting a resolution to protect civilians only to see it used to provide cover for airstrikes to overthrow Moammar Gadhafi . Vague phrases like "  further measures " now set off alarm bells . Beyond commercial and strategic interests , the Kremlin 's greatest fear is of instability in the Middle East and Central Asia . Russian policymakers already worry about the northward spread of Islamic militancy and opium if the departure of NATO from Afghanistan leads to Taliban resurgence and state collapse . Rather than a fairytale struggle between the people and a dictator , they see a potentially explosive religious conflict between Syria 's ruling Alawis  close to Shi'a Islam  and majority Sunnis . The zeal with which rulers of the Gulf states and some in Washington call for al-Assad 's ouster seems part of a broader project to isolate Iran , Syria 's ally . Still , unless al-Assad manages to decisively defeat his opposition in short order , the Russians are likely to soften their position -- not because of moral arguments , but simply because they do not want to end up on the losing side . If they alienate al-Assad 's successors , the very interests they seek to protect could be in jeopardy . Russian Foreign Secretary Sergei Lavrov hinted at a shift on January 31 , saying : "  We are not friends or allies of President Assad . " Picking the perfect moment to dump a congenial dictator is never easy -- consider Washington 's contortions over Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and the French embarrassment over their late coddling of Gadhafi . Walking out too soon risks alarming other allies . Waiting too long creates the image that one is both reactionary and out of touch . The Kremlin 's policymakers are hardly adept at this , and certainly may wait too long . So far , they believe al-Assad still has a reasonable chance of survival . If his prospects dim -- as seems likely -- some minor rephrasing of the U.N. resolution will likely be enough to satisfy Russian concerns and bring them on board . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Russia is standing in the way of a U.N. resolution against Syria 's leader Daniel Treisman : Russia has strategic and business reasons to favor the regime Treisman : Russia is betting on Assad , but if he wavers , it may join in opposing him
CNN  -- Pilot error was mostly to blame for a plane crash that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and nearly 100 others last year , the nation 's investigators said Friday . Unclear instructions from Russian air traffic controllers and bad weather at Smolensk airport also played a part , according to the report released Friday in Warsaw . Polish President Lech Kaczynski , his wife and many top Polish officials died in the April 2010 crash as they headed to a memorial service to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War II massacre . "  The flight crew of the airplane in question was not sufficiently prepared for the task at hand given the complexity of the situation the crew encountered during their last flight , " the 328-page report said . "  The aircraft commander , co-pilot , and navigator had been trained hastily , haphazardly and in violation of the respective training regulations . " The report also highlights communication issues between the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers at Smolensk . The landing zone controller gave incorrect information to the crew members as they made their descent and "  issued the command to stop the descent and to level out too late , " the report said . The Russian controllers "  kept informing the Tu-154M crew about the correct position during approach contrary to the actual position of the airplane " during its descent , which led the crew to believe they were approaching correctly when they were not . The situation was compounded by "  the crew 's insufficient knowledge of the airplane 's systems and their limitations , " the report says , and "  inadequate cross-monitoring among the crew members and failure to respond to the mistakes committed . " In addition , visibility for air traffic control and air crew was impeded in bad weather by poor lighting at the airfield and trees on the approach to the runway that were too tall , the report says . In January , a Russian-led investigation concluded that the Polish crew was at fault in the crash . The crew should have decided to divert to another airport in light of "  repeated and timely " warnings about bad weather in Smolensk , Russia , the Interstate Aviation Committee said . The presence of a Polish air force commander in the cockpit may also have contributed to the crash , the aviation committee said , noting that he had alcohol in his blood at the time of the crash . The Russian-made Tupolev Tu-154 plane crashed on April 10 , 2010 , in Russia 's Smolensk region west of Moscow , killing everyone aboard . They were headed to the village of Katyn to commemorate the 1940 massacre , in which some 22,000 Poles were executed by the Soviet secret police .	NEW : Russian air traffic controllers gave incorrect information to the Polish crew Polish investigators say the air crew was poorly trained and unprepared for the flight The Russian-made Tupolev Tu-154 crashed in Russia 's Smolensk region in April 2010 Poland 's president and other dignitaries were en route to commemorate a WWII massacre
CNN  -- "  Operation Angry Birds " : No , it is not a mission to beat your highest score in a phone game app . Instead , it is the largest cockfighting bust in New York state history , resulting in more than 3,000 seized birds , 70 people taken into custody and nine felony arrests by Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman 's Organized Crime Task Force . The record-setting raid spanned two boroughs and upstate Ulster County . A cockfight in Queens , a pet shop in Brooklyn , and a farm in upstate Plattekill were raided Saturday night into Sunday by the task force , with the help of New York State Police , the Homeland Security Department and the Ulster County sheriff 's office , according to a news release from Schneiderman 's office . The Queens raid disrupted a 70-person event , which included bettors and spectators of the bimonthly fights , according to the news release . Simultaneously in Brooklyn , law enforcement officials busted the owner of a pet shop called Pet NV after 50 fighting birds were rescued from the basement , according to the statement . The birds were found in poor condition inside metal cages . Cockfighting contraband -- including artificial spurs , candle wax , medical adhesive tape and syringes used to inject performance-enhancing drugs into the roosters -- was also found in the basement . The owner of the pet shop , Jeremias Nieves , 74 , was arrested and charged with prohibition of animal fighting . The Ulster County sheriff 's office and other local law enforcement helped OCTF investigators raid the 90-acre farm in Plattekill . The ASPCA recovered up to 3,000 birds that had been bred , trained and given performance-enhancement drugs from the farm , which has been operating as a live poultry farm for years , according to the release . For years , the roosters , which were bred and trained at the farm , were then taken to the cockfighting event raided in Queens and the pet shop in Brooklyn , according to the release . The cockfighting spectators paid an admission fee to watch all-night fights . Alcohol was sold without a permit and drugs were used openly , according to attorney general 's office . "  Cockfighting is a cruel , abusive and barbaric practice that tortures animals , endangers the health and safety of the public and is known to facilitate other crimes , " Schneiderman said in the release . Cockfighting is a crime in all 50 states . In New York , cockfighting and possession of a fighting bird at a fighting location are felonies that carry a maximum sentence of four years in jail and a fine of $ 25,000 , according to the statement . "  My office will keep working to hold these individuals accountable , and put an end to illegal cockfighting , " said Schneiderman . Romanian princess arrested in Oregon cockfighting sweep	3,000 birds seized in the largest cockfighting bust in New York history A cockfight , a pet store and a farm were raided , and 9 were arrested The events also featured drinking and drug use , attorney general says
CNN  -- Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner has been fined US $ 125,800 for exposing boxer shorts adorned with the logo of an online betting company as he celebrated scoring against Portugal at Euro 2012 . The Arsenal striker , who spent last season on loan to Sunderland , was also handed a one-game ban , European football 's governing body , UEFA confirmed . After netting his second goal in the match last Wednesday , Bendtner lifted up his shirt to reveal the top of his underpants complete with the "  Paddy Power " motif . "  Following the opening of disciplinary proceedings concerning the improper conduct of Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner against Portugal , the UEFA control and disciplinary body has decided to suspend the player for one competitive fixture , UEFA said in a statement . Portugal downs Denmark in five-goal thriller "  This suspension applies to the next 2014 World Cup match , including the qualifying competition , for which Bendtner is eligible . The player has also been fined $ 100,000 . " Bendtner claimed he had no idea his actions were illegal under UEFA rules . "  It is just a pair of lucky boxer shorts that I used in the first game as well and have used before the tournament , " Bendtner told reporters . "  I did n't know I was breaking any rules but I am aware of that now . " But the severity of the punishment has sparked outrage on social media , with many questioning the size of the fine compared to those recently issued for racist incidents earlier in the year . Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand tweeted : "  Uefa are not serious ... Platini was a great player but him & his colleagues alienate themselves with exactly this type of rubbish #priorities . "  If racism made money for Uefa like advertising does do you think Uefa would take it as serious ?? #priorities . " In April , Portuguese club FC Porto was fined only $ 20,000  US $ 25,208  after their fans racially abused Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli . Paddy Power also voiced its opinion on Twitter : "  We think this is a hysterical and deeply cynical move by Uefa driven by pure commercialism ! " The company has said it would be contacting Bendtner to offer their full support . Bendtner has three days to file an appeal .	Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner fined $ 100,000 for underwear incident , UEFA said Bendtner displayed "  Paddy Power " boxer shorts last week during a match against Portugal Fans expressed outrage on Twitter over the fin , which was sizeably more than recent fines for racism Bendtner will also be required to sit out one game in the 2014 World Cup
Michael Skakel , a Kennedy relative convicted of the 1975 murder of a 15-year-old neighbor , walked out of a Connecticut courthouse Thursday on bail . A Connecticut judge set bail at $ 1.2 million for Skakel , whose murder conviction in the death of Martha Moxley was vacated last month after a judge decided he did not receive adequate representation in his 2002 trial . After bail was posted , Skakel sauntered out of the courthouse , flanked by his attorneys , a slight grin on his face . He did not speak . Hubert Santos , his attorney , told reporters that "  two tragedies " occurred in Greenwich nearly four decades ago . "  The first was of course the murder of Martha Moxley , " he said . "  A great tragedy for the Moxley family and for everyone else associated with the matter . The second tragedy occurred in a courthouse ... in 2002 when Michael was convicted of the murder of Martha Moxley . A murder he did not commit . And hopefully we are at the first step of righting that wrong and making sure that an innocent man now goes free . " Stamford Superior Court Judge Gary White set several conditions for the bail , including barring Skakel from leaving Connecticut without court approval , ordering him to wear a GPS tracking device , to refrain from contacting the victim 's family , and requiring that he report to a bail commissioner . Skakel , the 53-year-old nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy , has spent more than a decade in prison for the murder of the 15-year-old girl . Moments after bail was granted , about two dozen relatives of Skakel , seated together on one side of the courtroom , applauded the decision . Skakel turned to them , placed his right hand to his heart and smiled . In a statement , the Skakel family said the decision was a "  first step in correcting a terrible wrong . " "  We look forward to Michael being vindicated and justice finally being served , " said the statement . "  We are thankful to God that after 11 and one half years he will be reunited with his sons . We are grateful for the love and prayers of Michael 's many supporters who have sustained him through this ordeal . " Outside court , the victim 's ailing mother , Dorthy Moxley , said she was "  disappointed . " "  It 's been a little over 11 years now " since Skakel was convicted , she said . "  The whole thing did n't have to be this way , but I think it 's a lesson to parents . If your child does something wrong , face up to it . ... I 'm disappointed , but this is life . " She added , "  I do n't think he was a Jeffrey Dahmer or one of the mass murderers ... he was just a kid who had problems . We do n't have anything to be afraid of now . " Earlier , prosecutor John Smriga said a bail of $ 500,000 or even $ 1 million was inappropriate and on the "  low side , " given the brutal nature of the crime , the age of the victim and Skakel 's admitted mental health issues . In court , Santos cited his client 's "  track record " of appearing in court . He said Skakel never got a fair trial because of the "  circus atmosphere " that surrounded the case , and questioned the quality of state 's evidence and testimony in securing a conviction . The defense filed court papers describing Skakel as a former world-class skier , noting his work with Alcoholics Anonymous , and even citing a meeting he once had with the late Mother Teresa of Calcutta . "  He 's one of the most recognizable faces in America , " Santos said . "  He 's not going anywhere . " Appellate Court Judge Thomas Bishop overturned Skakel 's conviction last month , ruling that defense attorney Michael "  Mickey " Sherman 's representation of Skakel at his murder trial was "  constitutionally deficient . " Moxley 's body was found in 1975 after a night of partying with Skakel , his older brother Tommy and other teenagers in an affluent gated community in Greenwich , Connecticut . Authorities said the 15-year-old was bludgeoned and stabbed to death ; a broken golf club was found near her body . Skakel has always proclaimed his innocence .	Michael Skakel is freed after judge sets conditions for bail Dorthy Moxley , mother of slain Martha Moxley , says she is "  disappointed " Nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy was convicted of murder in 2002 Skakel steadfastly denied he killed the 15-year-old in 1975
CNN  -- Players and ball boys fainting and accusations of "  inhumane " treatment . If it 's hot on court -- temperatures of 42.2 Celsius  108 Fahrenheit  were recorded Tuesday -- at the Australia Open , the mercury is also rising for tournament officials at Melbourne Park . Canadian Frank Dancevic fainted during his match with Frenchman Benoit Paire , before he got really hot under the collar over the conditions players had to contend with at the first tennis grand slam of 2014 . "  I think it 's inhumane , I do n't think it 's fair to anybody , to the players , to the fans , to the sport , when you see players pulling out of matches , passing out , " the world No. 122 told reporters . "  I 've played five set matches all my life and being out there for a set and a half and passing out with heat-stroke , it 's not normal . "  Having players with so many problems and complaining to the tournament that it 's too hot to play , until somebody dies , they 're just keep going on with it and putting matches on in this heat . "  I personally do n't think it 's fair and I know a lot of players do n't think it 's fair . " It was n't just players who succumbed to the elements . One of the ball boys fainted during 11th seed Milos Raonic 's four-set defeat of Spain 's Daniel Gimeno-Traver . "  Of course there were a few players who experienced heat-related illness or discomfort , but none required significant medical intervention after they had completed their match , " chief medical officer Tim Wood told reporters , as organizers defended the decision to play in the heat . Caution urged But with temperatures above 40 Celsius expected for most of the week , Briton Andy Murray urged caution . "  Whether it 's safe or not , I do n't know . You 've just got to be very careful these days , " he said . "  There 's been some issues in other sports with , you know , players having heart attacks . " In the women 's draw , Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki claimed the weather caused her drinks bottle to melt on court while second seed Victoria Azarenka described playing at the Rod Laver Arena as like "  dancing in a frying pan . " The tournament 's "  extreme heat " contingency was introduced for matches in the women 's draw , allowing for an extended break between the second and third sets . Rather than solely using a temperature reading , organizers use a measurement which also considers humidity and wind to decide whether or not conditions have become unplayable . "  We have to reach a minimum threshold and have a forecast that it will be sustained for a reasonable time , " tournament referee Wayne McKewen said in a statement . "  That did n't happen . While conditions were hot and uncomfortable , the relatively low level of humidity ensured play would continue . " While some players wilted , Roger Federer was typically unflappable in the stifling heat . "  Just deal with it , because it 's the same for both  players  , " said the 17-time grand slam winner , seeded sixth , after defeating spirited Australian James Duckworth 6-4 6-4 6-2 . When asked if he thought organizers should close the retractable roof over the Rod Laver Arena to help lower the temperature on court , the 32-year-old Federer , who last won one of tennis ' four majors at Wimbledon in 2012 , replied : "  No . I think it should always stay open , honestly . " World No. 1 Rafael Nadal played in the last match to get under way in the Rod Laver Arena against Australian Bernard Tomic . Thirteen-time grand slam winner Nadal took the first set 6-4 before the 57th-ranked Tomic retired with a leg injury . Nadal will play Tomic 's compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis in the second round . Murray made a strong start in his bid to finally capture Melbourne glory , beating Japan 's Go Soeda 6-1 6-1 6-3 . The world No. 4 has been runner-up at the season 's first grand slam in three of the last four years , but enters this tournament short of match practice after undergoing back surgery . However the Scot looked sharp , taking just 87 minutes to dispatch his 112th-ranked opponent in punishing heat and set up a second round meeting with Frenchman Vincent Millot . U.S. No. 1 John Isner 's tournament is over after he was forced to withdraw from his match with Slovakia 's Martin Klizan due to a foot injury . Isner , the only American male seeded in the draw , has been battling ankle and shin problems during the offseason . The 28-year-old missed last year 's tournament with a knee injury . Another American to fall at the first hurdle was Rhyne Williams who , despite winning the opening set , suffered a battling 6-7  1-7  6-3 6-4 6-4 loss against fifth seed Juan Martin del Potro . Argentina 's Del Potro is looking to build on an encouraging 2013 season which saw him reach the last four of a grand slam , at Wimbledon , for the first time since 2009 . But Del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion , struggled with intense heat . "  You are thinking about a lot more things than the tennis match , " said the 25-year-old , who plays Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut next . "  You are trying to drink a lot and always thinking about your body , your physic , and not about the game . "  I know tomorrow and after tomorrow it 's going to be worst , so I will try to be ready for the weather conditions , too . " Empty seats were prevalent as many fans stayed away in heat , but those that did go to Melbourne Park were treated to a gutsy performance from Australian stalwart Lleyton Hewitt in his five-set battle with 24th seed Andrea Seppi . The Italian took a two-set lead before former world No. 1 Hewitt rallied to draw level . To the disappointment most of those in the Rod Laver Arena , though , Hewitt 's comeback was thwarted and Italy 's Seppi eventually triumphed 7-6  7-4  6-3 5-7 5-7 7-5 . Tenth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , beaten in the quarterfinals in 2013 , beat Seppi 's compatriot Filippo Volandri in straight sets .	Canada 's Frank Dancevic faints during his opening match at the Australian Open Temperatures reached 107.96 degrees Fahrenheit in Melbourne Dancevic described the conditions as "  inhumane " Tournament organizers introduce "  extreme weather " contingency in the women 's draw
CNN  -- Three Afghan National Army soldiers , who were in Massachusetts for training , have gone missing after a trip to a shopping mall , authorities said . It 's the second time in a week that Afghan security trainees in the United States have disappeared . The three soldiers do not appear to pose any threat to the public , the Massachusetts National Guard said . Earlier this month , two Afghan police officers training with the DEA wandered off during a sightseeing trip to Georgetown , CNN affiliate WJLA reported . They decided they wanted to stay in the United States , but authorities found them and sent them home . The three men currently missing in Massachusetts are Afghanistan National Army Soldiers Maj. Jan Mohammad Arash , Cpt . Mohammad Nasir Askarzada , and Cpt . Noorullah Aminyar . They arrived in the United States on September 11 for Exercise Regional Cooperation , an annual event , the guard said , and were quartered at Joint Base Cape Cod . The three were reported missing by base security late Saturday and were last seen at a Cape Cod mall in Hyannis . "  Base and exercise officials are working with local police and state authorities to locate the three Afghans , " the guard said . Troops from six nations are participating in the exercise , which runs through Wednesday and will go on as scheduled , the guard said . Roughly a dozen Afghan soldiers are still participating . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : The officers are at least the second group of Afghan trainees gone missing recently The three soldiers are Afghan officers , who arrived on September 11 U.S. military officials , police and state officials are searching for them The National Guard says there is "  no indication they pose any threat to the public "
When you 're running low on toilet paper and getting desperate , what do you do ? If you 're the Venezuelan government , you take over a toilet paper factory . On Saturday , Vice President Jorge Arreaza announced the "  temporary occupation " of the Paper Manufacturing Company 's plant in the state of Aragua . The aim , he explained , is to review the "  production , marketing and distribution  of  toilet paper . " "  The ... People 's Defense from the Economy will not allow hoarding or failures in the production and distribution of essential commodities , " the vice president said . By the "  People 's Defense , " Arreaza was referring to a government agency created on September 13 by President Nicolas Maduro to "  defeat the economic war that has been declared in the country , " according to a report from state-run ATV . This group is charged with looking at inefficiencies across various industries in the nation , including foods and other products , and taking action presumably in the South American nation 's best interests . Toilet paper is very much a part of the war . The bathroom essential is one of the basic goods and foodstuffs that have been disappearing from store shelves since earlier this year . In Caracas , for instance , long lines are common whenever new rolls come in . As the amount of TP and other products , such as rice and cooking oil , have lagged , the blame game has picked up . Businesses and the political opposition say the shortages stem from ill-conceived government policies such as price controls on basic goods and tight restrictions on foreign currency . These moves make it so many producers ca n't even break even , they say . But the government has said private companies are n't doing their part , accusing them of hoarding their products in hopes of selling it later at a higher price . They 've also suggested the problem is tied to a broader conspiracy . "  There is no deficiency in production , " Commerce Minister Alejandro Fleming said in May according to ATV , "  but an excessive demand generating purchases by a nervous population because of a media campaign . " At that time , Fleming announced the country would import 50 million rolls of toilet paper to meet demand . Other hygiene products , such as toothpaste and soap , may be similarly brought in bulk for the same reason , the minister said . Scissors-wielding thieves attack women in Venezuela	Venezuela occupies Paper Manufacturing Company 's plant in Aragua , vice president says VP : Nation wo n't "  allow hoarding or failures in the production and distribution " of essentials Government accuses companies of hoarding , blames media for fanning fears Private firms says ill-conceived price control , currency policies have stifled production
Hong Kong  CNN  An ancient Chinese system of summoning good luck , feng shui -- literally wind and water -- is part of the fabric of Hong Kong life . Shopping malls , office towers and homes draw on its principles in their design in an attempt to create prosperity . And individuals often consult feng shui masters to decide on the best date to get married , give birth or move house . The run-up up to the Lunar New Year is the busiest time of year for Kerby Kuek , a feng shui practitioner who has published 15 books on the subject . His clients , which include some of Hong Kong 's biggest companies , all want their "  annual audit " to maximize their good fortune in the year to come . He took time out to take CNN on a tour of the city 's feng shui hot spots , where the cosmic energy will help you do the Year of the Sheep proud . It 's hard to believe that Times Square , the crowded , traffic-clogged heart of Hong Kong shopping district Causeway Bay , enjoys some of the city 's best feng shui . But imagine the towering skyscrapers are mountains and the endless procession of cars , taxis and delivery trucks a meandering river and it all begins to make sense , says Kuek . Causeway Bay benefits from what Kuek calls a "  feng shui meridian " between four peaks and it 's built atop two "  dragon pulses " that flow into Hong Kong in the form of mountain ranges . It 's this that attracts the hordes of free-spending shoppers that make the place a goldmine for retailers and landlords . If you can put up with the crowds and the noise , Causeway Bay is also lucky place to call home , says Kuek , who lives here . How to get there : Causeway Bay MTR Two bronze lions stand guard at the entrance to the HSBC Building in downtown Hong Kong , protecting the money within . Some locals like to stroke their paws and noses in a hope their good feng shui fortune will rub off . The bank , says Kuek , harnesses energy from the five mountains nearby -- benefiting it and the surrounding buildings . But it 's a different tale a short walk away at the IFC or International Finance Center -- Hong Kong island 's tallest building . Built on reclaimed land that interrupts the flow of water in the harbor , the building 's "  unkind energy " leads to grievances -- not least , he says , for the family that built it . The three Kwok brothers behind property developer Sun Hung Kai became embroiled in a years-long family feud and the eldest has been indicted on misconduct charges in a corruption case that gripped the city . How to get there : Central MTR The striking Hong Kong government headquarters , known as Tamar , were the focus of massive pro-democracy protests that rocked the city late last year . This was no coincidence according to Kuek . The government has been beset by difficulties since it moved to the new building in 2011 . Like the IFC , the building is sited on reclaimed land and radiates "  bad energy " he says . "  Reclamation is changing Hong Kong 's feng shui , " he says . "  We should stop now or things may get worse . " How to get there : Admiralty MTR Just south of Hong Kong 's border with China , a small path in the village of Sheung Shui leads to this ancestral hall . It was built in 1751 for the now rich and prosperous Liu clan to worship their ancestors , but the plot of land originally belonged to the rival Kan clan , says Kuek . In order to claim the "  feng shui hot spot " for themselves , the Liu clan chased out the Kans and built their hall . But to appease the ancestors of their rivals , they made offerings to the Kam 's forefathers as well as their own . To this day , the Kans are unhappy about the "  kidnapping " of their ancestors and blame the Liu clan for their family 's bad fortune . This spring they 'll perform a ritual to invite their ancestors back to their own hall , says Kuek . How to get there : Sheung Shui MTR , 15 minute walk Che Kung Temple in Shatin is as good a place as any to ring in The Year of the Sheep , but it has n't always been an auspicious spot . The original temple was built by villagers 300 years ago in an desperate attempt to halt the spread of a plague outbreak . Legend has it that the epidemic began to subside the day the temple was completed , says Kuek . On the third day of the Lunar New Year , which this year falls on Saturday , it now attracts crowds of worshipers who light incense and wish for good health . It 's also where , each year , a government official draws a fortune stick in a divination ritual thought to foretell Hong Kong 's luck in the coming year . The message is written in classical Chinese and interpreted by a feng shui master . How to get there : MTR Che Kung Temple Station A 15-minute boat ride from the stilted fishing village of Tai O lies a tiny village with a shady past . In the 1950s and 60s , many of the village 's women left to work as prostitutes in Macau , Kuek says . Alarmed , village elders consulted a local feng shui master , who identified an "  obscene rock " on the headland near the village that resembled a naked man "  showing off his private parts , " he tells me . Using explosives , they blasted off the protruding part and within a few years village life was back to normal . How to get there : Bus to Tai O from Tung Chung MTR The Peak is an unbeatable vantage point for taking in Hong Kong 's celebrated skyline and also happens to offer up the city 's most auspicious feng shui . Surrounded by water on four sides and with a direct line of sight to Lion Rock in Kowloon , the houses that cling to the mountainside are home to Hong Kong 's rich and powerful . The winding Barker Road that links Victoria and Magazine gaps , taps the best flow of "  cosmic energy , " says Kuek . Inhabitants include a U.S. ambassador , the city 's financial secretary and a handful of tycoons , he adds . How to get there : Take Peak tram from Central	Feng shui is an important part of Hong Kong life Shopping malls , office towers and homes draw on its principles Feng Shui master Kerby Kuek takes CNN on a tour of city 's hot spots
CNN  -- Liverpool 's star striker Fernando Torres has given the club a huge boost ahead of the new Premier League season by insisting he has no intention of leaving the club . The Spanish forward 's future has been up in the air since Liverpool slumped to a seventh placed finish last season , meaning they missed out on qualification for the European Champions League . Torres was part of the Spain squad that won the World Cup in South Africa and has only recently returned to training with Liverpool . Rumors of a # 50 million bid from Chelsea surfaced during the tournament . Huang eyes Liverpool bid But after captain Steven Gerrard committed himself to the club , and new manager Roy Hodgson strengthened the side with the purchase of England international Joe Cole , Torres has now said he is staying at Anfield . He told the club 's official website : "  My commitment and loyalty to the club and to the fans is the same as it was on my first day when I signed . I am looking forward to the challenge ahead . "  This is the best club in the country so the targets and expectations are always high . Hopefully we can stay at our level . At Liverpool the aim is to fight for every title . "  It was difficult last season but we are sure we can improve this season . I am really happy to be back , really happy to stay with all my teammates . I 'm excited about the new season and about the targets of the club . " Torres came on for the final stages of the World Cup final , when Spain beat Netherlands 1-0 , but picked up a groin injury seconds before the final whistle . The 26-year-old says he is fighting to be fit for the start of the season , and Liverpool 's opening game with Arsenal on August 15 . Torres also says he has been impressed with Hodgson -- the man who replaced Liverpool 's former manager Rafael Benitez -- and appreciated the fact the 62-year-old traveled out to meet him when he was on holiday . "  I have less than two weeks to get ready but I felt really good in my first session back with the physios and the doctor , " he said . "  At the moment I am training just on my own but as soon as I can I will train with the team and with the new manager . " "  I really appreciated the fact that Roy came out to see me while I was on my holidays . He told me about his plans for the club and what he wanted from me and I appreciated that . "  I hope he will be the right man to reach the targets of Liverpool Football Club and I am really looking forward to working with him . " Torres also welcomed the signing of Cole , who joined on a free transfer after leaving Premier League champions Chelsea in June . "  I think Joe is exactly the kind of player we need to improve the history of our club , " he added . "  He is the kind of player I like to play with and the kind of player who can take the team to a higher level . "  His passing is unbelievable so hopefully he can start the season well because I am sure he will be a key player for us . I 'm excited about playing with him and hopefully we can all help him settle into the team and the city to make sure he can reach his best as quickly as possible . " Torres also paid tribute to Liverpool 's fans and repeated his desire to help end the club 's run of 20 years without winning the league title . He said : "  I felt at home from the first day , I feel the fans love me and everyone knows I am really happy here and really happy to play at Anfield . "  I know that one trophy here at Liverpool -- maybe the Premier League -- means more than three or four with another club . This was my target from the day I came and it 's still my target . Hopefully this season we can feel this sensation here at Liverpool . "	Liverpool striker Fernando Torres says he is staying at the club Torres was part of Spain 's World Cup winning squad in South Africa Chelsea were rumored to be interested in the 26-year-old Torres has scored 56 goals for Liverpool in 69 Premier League games
CNN  -- A federal judge determined Monday that the man accused of killing six in an Arizona shooting rampage is "  getting better , " further ruling that the suspect should continue to take anti-psychotic medications as his appeal works its way through the courts . U.S. District Court Judge Larry Burns said in a motion issued Monday that there was a "  substantial probability " that Jared Lee Loughner will be restored to competency and be able to stand trial for his role in a mass shooting in January outside a Tucson supermarket . He refused to alter Loughner 's current mental health treatment plan , pointing to his observations that the suspect has improved in recent months . "  There is overwhelming evidence that the defendant is getting better , not the least of which is the noticeable improvement in his appearance , demeanor and behavior since he was last in court , " the judge said in his six-page order . Burns is based in Southern California , but is overseeing the case in part because one of the shooter 's victims was Arizona-based federal Judge John Roll . Loughner , 23 , may face the death penalty if convicted in a shooting that also left 13 wounded , among them his purported target , U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . She has been undergoing intensive rehabilitation in Arizona and Texas since being shot in the head . The suspect has been diagnosed as schizophrenic and has spent time on suicide watch while in custody and undergoing treatment at a federal hospital in Springfield , Missouri . In May , a federal appeals court cleared the way for him to be forcibly medicated , over the objections of Loughner and his attorney . A hearing five days ago addressed those objections . During it , both the judge and mental health experts noted that Loughner was able to sit calmly during the hours-long proceeding , court sources said . He had been removed from a courtroom in May after an outburst , reported CNN affiliate KGUN . Prosecutors have written in court documents that Loughner has expressed "  regret for the circumstances that led to his arrest . " When he was asked whether he thought about harming himself , he said , "  I want to die . Give me the injection . Kill me now , " the documents said . The defense team argues the state has failed to prove Loughner 's condition will improve enough for him to stand trial . Several mental health experts testified at last Wednesday 's hearing , including Loughner 's "  daily , treating psychologist " Dr. Christina Pietz and an outside expert psychiatrist , Dr. James Ballenger . Based in large part on their assessment of the suspect 's improvement under his current medical regimen -- including the prescribed medications -- Burns decided it was best not to change Loughner 's treatment . "  The testimony of  Pietz and Ballenger  established the likelihood and substantial probability that the defendant will continue to get better and can be restored to competency to stand trial in four months time , " the judge wrote .	Federal Judge Larry Burns says Jared Lee Loughner is "  getting better " The suspect in an Arizona mass shooting was forced to take anti-psychotic drugs His lawyers argued that doing so was unconstitutional The judge rules Loughner 's treatment will continue , saying it 's likely he can stand trial
A small passenger plane crashed in the mountains of western Nepal , killing all 18 people on board , authorities said Monday . The Twin Otter aircraft left Sunday afternoon from the tourist town of Pokhara , about 200 kilometers  124 miles  west of the capital Kathmandu . It was on its way to Jumla , a remote town about 600 kilometers  373 miles  northeast of Kathmandu , when it went missing . The flight usually takes an hour . "  Police have reached the crash site and no survivors have been found , " said Bam Bahadur Bhandari , regional police chief of Pokhara . "  The bodies are being collected . " The cause of the crash was n't immediately known . The plane was flying in poor weather conditions as it had been raining and snowing across the country for the past few days . "  The aircraft seems to have hit a mountain " said Bimlesh Karna , deputy director of Nepal 's civil aviation authority . Among the 18 on board were three crew members and a Danish national . Of the 17 Nepalese , one was a child , Karna said . The 40-year-old Canadian-made Twin Otter aircraft belonged to state-owned Nepal Airlines . The crash has once again raised concern over Nepal 's air safety record . There were two fatal air crashes each year from 2010 to 2012 in this Himalayan country .	Official : Plane appears to have hit a mountain A small passenger plane crashed in western Nepal , killing all 18 on board The cause of the crash was n't immediately known Among the occupants was a child , officials say
CNN  -- Voter turnout was terrible last Tuesday . As President Barack Obama lamented in his post-election press conference Wednesday , two-thirds of voters chose not to vote , making it perhaps the lowest midterm turnout since the 1940s . Conventional wisdom says low turnout favors Republicans , and it did last week . But the days when one party sees low turnout as being in its own interest might be drawing to a close -- and it may be Republicans who will drive the change . First , some context . Midterm electorates are typically smaller , whiter and older than presidential electorates . In recent years , the GOP has worked hard to ensure that its shrinking , white , aging base turns out in disproportionately large numbers . And even though there are plenty of Republican leaders who 'd like to see their party become younger and more diverse , the practical pressures of here-and-now politics have led them to go into campaigns with the voters they have , not the ones they wished they had . But on Tuesday , the wishes of those Republicans hoping to expand the base started coming true -- at least on the margins , and enough to suggest a new way forward . While Republicans extended their dominance among older white voters , they also made modest inroads with Latino and Asian-American voters , partly by downplaying the nativist messages of past cycles and partly by exploiting frustration with the Obama administration . Several new-generation black , Hispanic and Asian Republican candidates were also elected across the country . Meanwhile , GOP leaders such as Sen. Rand Paul have been engaging millennial voters on campuses and elsewhere with an unapologetic libertarianism that resonates with some young people . As a result , it 's possible for a smart Republican to see 2014 not only as a win , but as a hint of how the party could prevail in 2016 as well . To put it simply , the GOP might soon see it as in its own interest to boost turnout among young voters and voters of color , instead of writing them off or , as still happens too often , blocking them from voting at all . This would be a major departure , to be sure . We 're still a long way from a heartfelt and well-executed effort to expand the GOP demographic base . And even if party leaders want it , there are still too many voters who vote Republican precisely because they fear or blame the very people the leaders want to bring into the tent . Still , it 's at least becoming possible now . There is an opening among Latino , Asian and young voters . And it would be fantastic for the country if Republicans pushed to exploit that opening . That may sound funny coming from a Democrat . My party in the 21st century has become the default choice for voters shorthanded as the "  rising American electorate , " which is to say , young and nonwhite voters . I recognize that an effort by the GOP to grab a chunk of that electorate would be a challenge to my party . As an American though , I 'd love to see it happen . I 'd love to see young and nonwhite voters tell candidates from both parties that they are not to be taken for granted , and I 'd love for each party to try to outdo the other not just in raising money but in raising turnout across the board . It would be great for the country if both parties in earnest developed new policy ideas that address the hopes and dreams of millennial voters and voters of color . This means not simply trying to win by carving off slightly more than half of those voters that do turn out , but trying to build true majorities of all the voters . Weeks before the midterm elections , Rock the Vote released a video that went instantly viral called "  Turn Out for What ? " With rap stars and other celebrities , it drove home the message that there were numerous issues , from same-sex marriage to marijuana to student debt , that should drive young people to turn out and vote . In the end , of course , only a fraction of them did . "  Turn out for what ? " can be also read as a cynical statement . As in , "  Why bother ? " If we 're ever going to change the "  Why bother " attitude , it 's going to be because both parties are actively fighting for voters not just in their currently defined bases , but in every subgroup . So I hope , for my country , that the party I do n't belong to starts investing heavily in appealing to people who do n't belong to it either . And I hope , for my country , that members of this rising American electorate start demanding more from both parties before giving away their votes , either by casting predictable ballots or not casting them at all . I loved the Rock the Vote campaign . But true progress will come when we wo n't need chiding , even fun chiding , to get out and participate , when both parties will be outracing each other to bring more people into the voting booth because they 'll have nothing to fear from elections that are truly representative . Let 's turn out for that .	Midterm voter turnout last week perhaps was lowest since 1940s Eric Liu : GOP made modest inroads with Latino , Asian-American voters To beat voter apathy , parties must compete for voters in all groups , Liu says
CNN  -- The sole survivor of a shooting last month at a Cracker Barrel Old Country Store and Restaurant near Cleveland died Tuesday , her family said . Kayla Allen was wounded April 12 when her father opened fire on the family , killing Kayla 's mother and sister . She took a turn for the worse last week , according to a post on a Facebook page set up to help share news about her health and raise funds . "  Kayla , in a perfect body , with no pain or sadness , is in heaven with her mother , sister and our Lord Jesus Christ . Her suffering is over . She is in an eternal paradise , " read another post on that page Tuesday . Her family confirmed the news through a written statement . "  Kayla has died peacefully at home . She has been surrounded by family and friends for the past few days , comfortable and serene . This time has been most meaningful to us as we held her and loved her , prayed for her and said our goodbyes , " it read . The shooting took place after police received a 911 call from a woman at the restaurant in Brooklyn , Ohio , that "  she had just informed her husband that she was leaving him and he was n't taking it well , " Police Chief Scott Mielke said then . The woman told police her husband was in a car circling the eatery . When officers arrived , they heard gunshots and encountered a man leaving the restaurant with a gun . When the gunman failed to surrender to authorities , they fatally shot him . In addition to the gunman , a woman and a girl were dead at the scene . Kayla was wounded and transported to a local hospital for treatment . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	Kayla Allen was wounded April 12 when her father opened fire on the family Her mother and sister were killed The shooting took place at a Cracker Barrel Old Country Store and Restaurant
CNN  -- They are four American friends and seasoned travelers who were hiking through Iraq 's Kurdistan region before three of them crossed the unmarked border with Iran , where they were detained by Iranian authorities . Ahmed Awa , on the border of Iraq and Iran , is where police saw and warned the American hikers Friday . Kurdish officials identified the detained hikers as Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Joshua Fattal , CNN confirmed Sunday . The fourth hiker , Shon Meckfessel , stayed behind in Iraq . "  My husband and I are eager for the best welfare and conditions for our son , Josh , and for the other two companions he 's with , " Laura Fattal of Elkins Park , Pennsylvania , told CNN Radio . "  And that is our only concern , his welfare and the best conditions for him . " Meckfessel was identified by his grandmother , who told CNN that he stayed behind because he felt sick . Meckfessel is at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . "  My grandson has asked me not to talk to the media , " said the grandmother , Irene Meckfessel of Carmichael , California , before hanging up Saturday . Iran 's state-run media reported that Iranian security forces arrested the three Americans Friday for illegally entering the country from Iraq 's Kurdistan region and that the matter is under investigation . U.S. State Department officials say the Swiss ambassador to Tehran is seeking information about the case on behalf of Washington . The United States and Iran do not have diplomatic relations and Switzerland represents U.S. diplomatic interests in Iran . Friends of the travelers told CNN that the three who were detained have spent time or have lived in Western Europe and the Middle East . Sandy Close , executive director of the nonprofit Pacific News Service , described Bauer -- a photographer whose material was occasionally posted on her Web site in the past -- as a "  gifted linguist and photographer with wanderlust for travel and a student of Arab cultures . He 's a remarkably talented guy . " Shourd described herself as a "  teacher-activist-writer from California currently based in the Middle East " on a profile listed on a travel Web site . Fattal shared his friends ' love of travel and learning , and was described as "  fiercely intellectual " by his friend , Chris Foraker , who spoke to CNN affiliate KVAL in Eugene , Oregon . Foraker said he met Fattal during a study abroad program in 2003 , and the two worked together at the Aprovecho sustainable living research center in Cottage Grove . The four travelers spent the night at the Nirwan Hotel in Sulaimaniya on Thursday , said Mudhafer Mohammed , the owner of the hotel . Bauer , Shourd and Fattal left early Friday in a taxi for Ahmed Awa , a Kurdish town near Iraq 's border with Iran , planning to hike in the mountains there , according to Peshrow Ahmed , spokesman for the security manager of Sulaimaniya . Ahmed Awa police spotted the hikers at one point Friday , Ahmed said , and warned them that they were near the border with Iran -- which is not marked in the area -- and that they should be careful . The group was in contact with Meckfessel in Sulaimaniya until about 1:30 p.m. Friday , when they reported they were "  surrounded by Iranian soldiers , " Ahmed said . No further communication was received . Mohammed , of the Nirwan Hotel , told CNN that the hikers said they had come to the area because they heard it was safe , saying they were considering a trip to Ahmed Awa . But , he said , he advised them against it . "  I warned them many times , " Mohammed told CNN . "  When they told me that they are planning to go to Ahmed Awa , I told them , ` Do n't go there because it is unsafe for you because you 're American and Ahmed Awa is very close to the Iranian border , ' " he said . Meckfessel left the hotel about 4:30 p.m. , Mohammed said , asking him to take care of their luggage and saying he would not return . Later , he said , Sulaimaniya security forces took the luggage from the hotel . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Joshua Fattal , Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd detained by Iranians Fellow travel companion Shon Meckfessel felt sick , stayed behind in Iraq Americans accused of illegally entering Iran from Iraq 's Kurdish region , state TV says Detainees were backpackers who blundered over border , hotel owner says
CNN  -- Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee on Tuesday said he accepts "  full responsibility " for granting clemency in 2000 to a man authorities say gunned down four Lakewood , Washington , police officers Sunday . Maurice Clemmons , 37 , was shot and killed early Tuesday by Seattle police . He was the subject of a two-day manhunt after the four officers were killed at a coffee shop as they met before their shifts began Sunday morning . Clemmons had a criminal history in Arkansas and Washington . In May 2000 , Huckabee commuted his 108-year prison sentence to make him immediately eligible for parole , which was granted by the parole board two months later . Clemmons had been sentenced to 95 years , to run after time he was already serving on previous convictions . In a statement on the conservative news Web site Newsmax.com , Huckabee wrote that he commuted Clemmons ' sentence from 108 years to 47 years . Reports that he had pardoned Clemmons or set him free were erroneous , he said . "  I take full responsibility for my actions of nine years ago , " Huckabee said . "  I acted on the facts presented to me in 2000 . If I could have possibly known what Clemmons would do nine years later , I obviously would have made a different decision . But if the same file was presented to me today , I would have likely made the same decision . " But the Arkansas prosecutor who put Clemmons behind bars told CNN on Tuesday that Huckabee was issuing clemency at "  an astounding rate " during his tenure as governor . "  He was exercising the clemency power at what I call a wholesale rate , " Larry Jegley said . "  He was letting murderers out , he was letting rapists out , and he was letting the likes of Mr. Clemmons out . " One survey , he said , showed Huckabee issued more clemencies from 1996 to 2004 than the governors of all six surrounding states , including Texas . He said he did n't know why so many clemencies were granted . "  That was part of the frustration that we felt with the entire process . ... We never felt as though he gave victims , their families , jurors , law enforcement and the community in general an adequate explanation as to why he felt compelled to let people of proven danger go in our community . " Huckabee was a Republican presidential candidate in the 2008 election and has not ruled out another White House bid in 2012 . During his 2008 campaign , he was criticized for granting clemency to another inmate , convicted rapist Wayne DuMond , who was later convicted of raping and murdering a woman in Missouri . "  Between 1,000 and 2,000 requests for some form of clemency came to my desk each and every one of the 10 1/2 years I was governor , " Huckabee said Tuesday . "  Ninety-two percent of the time , I denied the requests . " He noted that in Arkansas , a governor does not initiate a sentence change -- the Post Prison Transfer Board makes a recommendation to the governor after reviewing an inmate 's file . The governor then can grant or deny it . Clemmons was 16 when he was charged with robbery and burglary . "  For the crimes he committed and the age at which he committed the crimes , -LSB- a 108-year sentence -RSB- was dramatically outside the norm for sentencing , " Huckabee said . The board unanimously recommended that the sentence be commuted . Jegley said that while in prison in Arkansas , Clemmons had a disciplinary record for violent incidents , and that something should have tipped off the board or the governor that "  this man was not a good candidate to be put back in society , because he could n't live in the cloistered environment of prison and stay out of trouble . " Watch what Jegley has to say In the case of any form of clemency -- a commutation or a full pardon -- notice is given to the prosecutor , the judge , law enforcement officials , the attorney general and the secretary of state , as well as the media , for a public response period , Huckabee said . "  The only record of public response to the notice to commute was from the trial judge , who recommended the commendation in concert with the board . " Jegley told CNN he was not notified of the commutation , but he does n't "  attribute that to something sinister . ... I just think that maybe the system fouled up and did n't get notification out to all the parties who were interested in it , my office included . " Clemmons was returned to prison after violating his parole , Huckabee said . He "  should have stayed there . For reasons only the prosecutor can explain , charges were not brought forth in a timely way and the prosecutor ended up dropping the charges , allowing him to leave prison and return to supervised parole . " He noted that Clemmons , who had been picked up again in Pierce County , Washington , was released on bail there only days before the officers were slain . "  I ca n't explain why he was n't prosecuted properly for the parole violations or why he was allowed to make bail in Washington state and not incarcerated earlier for crimes committed there , " the former governor wrote . On Sunday , Huckabee 's office issued a statement saying that if Clemmons was "  found responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington state . " Police responded sharply to that statement . "  We 're disappointed that Governor Huckabee came out in the middle of the night without calling anybody here and blamed this on the criminal justice system in the state of Washington , " Pierce County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Ed Troyer said . "  We 're guessing that 's probably a spin doctor , not him . " Huckabee wrote of Clemmons , "  I wish his file had never crossed my desk , but it did . The decision I made is one that I now wish were different , but I could only look backwards at his case , not forward . None of this is of any comfort to the families of these police officers , nor should it be . Their loss is senseless . ... Our system is not perfect , and neither are those responsible for administering it . "  The system , and those of us who are supposed to make sure it works , sometimes fail , " Huckabee said . "  In this case , we clearly did . "	Man accused of killing 4 Washington officers had criminal history in Arkansas , Washington In 2000 , Huckabee commuted his 108-year prison term , making him eligible for parole Man who put suspect behind bars said Huckabee issued clemency at "  an astounding rate " Huckabee : I "  acted on the facts presented to me in 2000 , " denied 92 % of clemency requests
A pregnant nurse tells CNN she was fired from her job after she refused to get a flu shot for fear of miscarrying . "  I 'm a healthy person . I take care of my body . For me , the potential risk was not worth it , " Dreonna Breton told CNN Sunday . "  I 'm not gon na be the one percent of people that has a problem . " Breton , 29 , worked as a nurse at Horizons Healthcare Services in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , when she was told that all employees were required to get a flu shot . The Centers of Disease Control and Prevention advises that all health care professionals get vaccinated annually . She told her employers that she would not get the vaccine after she explained that there were very limited studies of the effects on pregnant women . Breton came to the decision with her family after three miscarriages . CDC : More states reporting widespread flu The mother of one submitted letters from her obstetrician and primary care doctor supporting her decision , but she was told that she would be fired on December 17 if she did not receive the vaccine before then . Horizons Healthcare Services spokesman Alan Peterson told CNN affiliate WPVI that it 's unconscionable for a health care worker not to be immunized and that pregnant women are more susceptible to the flu . The CDC website states that getting a flu shot while pregnant is the best protection for pregnant women and their babies . "  I know that the CDC says to get it , and that 's fine , but it was our choice to avoid the flu vaccine and the unknowns that come with that , " Breton said . Breton offered to wear a face mask at work , a practice that is used if employees are exempted for religious reasons . The hospital did not approve , according to Breton . Breton has no interest in taking legal action , she said . She stated she only wants the company to reevaluate their policy on vaccines for pregnant employees and to continue working as a nurse . Flu vaccine may work better in women , study suggests New York City requires flu vaccine in city preschools and day cares	Dreonna Breton is a pregnant nurse who was working in Lancaster , Pennsylvania She says she was fired from her job when she rejected taking a flu vaccine It 's unconscionable for a health care worker not to be immunized , employer says Breton , who says she 's had three miscarriages , fears vaccine could trigger another
CNN  -- Seth Casteel never expected his photos of dogs to make a big splash , but then again , he never expected one of his canine clients to jump into a pool during a shoot . Casteel , 31 , is the photographer behind a quirky collection of images of dogs caught in the act of diving , swimming , splashing and generally goofing off in the water . What makes the photos different from anything you 've seen before is Casteel 's perspective : below the surface , with the dogs lunging toward the camera in pursuit of a toy . Dogs are an interesting subject , he says . "  They enjoy the benefits of 21st century living , staying in a warm house , sleeping in the bed with you , " he says , "  but getting in the water brings out the wildness in them . " Casteel 's soggy dogs shot to stardom on February 9 , when someone posted a few of his pictures on the social sharing site Reddit and they became an overnight viral hit , spreading to Facebook , Google + and Twitter and in short order reaching 150 million views . His website  www.littlefriendsphoto.com  crashed under the weight of a huge increase in traffic . "  By the morning of February 10 the pictures were everywhere , " he said . "  It just went nuts . It literally happened in the blink of an eye . " Suddenly he was receiving requests and offers from all over the world . One of those offers was a book deal from Little , Brown and Company , which on October 23 published "  Underwater Dogs , " a 132-page coffee-table book  $ 19.99  dripping with drenched dogs . A 2013 wall calendar also is on sale . "  I would have never known something like this could happen , " Casteel said . "  I went from not having enough work to having too much work . " Casteel said he wants to show the unique personality of each dog he photographs and tell its story . "  I 'm interested in how emotional they are and how similar to humans they are , " he said . Before the shooting starts , Casteel spends time getting to know the dog and earning its trust . "  I show up , we start playing fetch , we become pals and we just move it to the water , " he said . Casteel wears a wet suit and snorkel mask , and sometimes uses diving weights to keep himself from floating . Then he tosses a toy and starts shooting . Cooling off in the dog days of summer He never knows what he 's going to get . Sometimes it takes two hours in the water to get a good shot , as it did with a pug named Duncan . On the other hand , Duchess , the wide-eyed black Labrador on the cover of the book , gave him that stellar image within three minutes , he said . "  I could have a great shot immediately -- or not , " Casteel said . "  But that 's what I love about it . " Some of the photos are downright frightening or otherworldly as the rambunctious animals bare their teeth and flail their paws in pursuit of an elusive tennis ball or other toy . "  You might get something silly or you might get something terrifying , " the photographer said . "  Some kids think those really kind of primal , edgy shots are funny . " The way Casteel got into dog photography is a story in itself . "  For me , it 's been like destiny if you believe in that sort of thing , " he said . While working in advertising at Sony Pictures , he started volunteering at a Los Angeles-area animal shelter . Casteel shot flattering portraits of animals awaiting adoption , a departure from the usual shelter photos of terrified animals in small , dark cages . Nicer pictures , ones that brought out the animals ' personalities , resulted in more adoptions , he said . "  We 've gotten fantastic results from showing positive photographs , " he said . Soon after , he and a stranger cooperated to corral a stray Weimaraner that was running around on a busy road . After the dog was safely out of traffic , the men chatted , Casteel mentioned his shelter photos and the stranger hired Casteel to take pictures of his dog . Referrals led to similar gigs . It was at one of those private shoots that a dog first jumped into a pool , and a new career was born . The New York Times recently hired Casteel to go to Alaska to shoot the sockeye salmon migration . A major difference between photographing dogs and photographing fish , he joked , is that "  the salmon certainly are n't interested in a tennis ball . " His work at the shelter also led Casteel to create a nonprofit organization called Second Chance Photos , through which he trains shelters in the art of pet photography . That work has taken him all over the United States as well as to Australia and Great Britain , he said . "  I really enjoy it because it gives me freedom to explore what I 'm passionate about . " "  I do n't even call it a job . It 's my life , " he added . "  It 's kind of a dream-come-true thing for me . " How do you think your pooch would fare in an underwater shoot ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook .	Photographer Seth Casteel creates a new way to look at dogs A few "  underwater dogs " photos went viral last winter Casteel tries to capture dogs ' personalities He helps shelters by taking nice portraits of adoptable animals
With the United States now launching airstrikes in Syria -- the seventh country bombed under the Obama administration -- debate over foreign policy has once again ballooned , pitting the interventionist hawks against non-interventionist doves . A new CNN/ORC International survey indicates that half of Americans consider themselves doves on foreign policy , while slightly less describe themselves as hawks . The poll also shows that two-thirds of Americans describe President Obama , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , as a dove , while 29 % consider him a hawk . Hawks vs. Doves The President 's plan to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS includes a coalition airstrike campaign and the arming and training of Syrian rebel forces that are also fighting the extremist group . Altogether , the plan marks yet another U.S. involvement overseas . According to the survey , 50 % of Americans view themselves as doves , defined in the poll as "  someone who believes the U.S. should rarely or never use military force , " compared to 45 % who self-identify as hawks , "  someone who believes that military force should be used frequently to promote U.S. policy . " CNN exclusive : ISIS fighter says U.S. airstrikes are n't effective That trend between hawks and doves has "  remained remarkably consistent over the years , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . The number of self-described hawks typically ranges between 44 % and 45 % , with the number of hawks slightly higher , and in recent years , hovering around the 50 % mark . Hawks are more likely to be men , live in the South and Midwest , come from rural areas , and have no college education , Holland said . "  Self-described doves are more likely to be women , live in the Northeast and the West , come from urban areas and have at least some college education , " he added . Next step : Keeping anti-ISIS coalition together There 's a significant age gap , as well . Sixty-six percent of those under the age of 35 prefer a dovish foreign policy , while a majority of those older than 35 say they are hawks . Breaking the numbers down by political affiliation , nearly seven in 10 Republicans call themselves hawks , compared to nearly six in 10 Democrats and independents who say they are doves . Opinions of Obama Obama came into office pledging to end U.S.-led wars but now finds himself as a commander in chief who has ordered airstrikes in a host of countries in the Middle East and in Africa . The President has always recognized there are times when military force is necessary . Even when he accepted his Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , he said there could be instances when war is "  morally justified . " Analysis : America 's wartime president It appears that most Americans still consider him a dovish president . Sixty-five percent view him as a dove , while about three in 10 Americans consider him a hawk , according to the survey . On the question of whether the U.S. should take the lead in solving all the world 's problems , 58 % say "  no . " That represents a similar viewpoint that Obama has advocated in the past . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International by telephone with 1,010 adult Americans on September 22-25 . The overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	A new CNN poll indicates half of Americans self-identify as foreign policy doves Slightly less , 45 % , describe themselves as hawks Two-thirds of Americans still consider President Obama a dovish commander in chief Obama has ordered airstrikes in seven countries
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Google does n't have a booth at the Consumer Electronics Show , but the company 's Android software is practically everywhere . As expected , smartphones maintain a major presence at CES . Despite Microsoft and Research in Motion showcasing their wares , the announcements and excitement is all around Google 's Android . Every new 4G smartphone and tablet announced by the four major cellular carriers at or during CES runs on Android . Verizon Wireless showcased four smartphones at a news event on Thursday -- LG 's Revolution , HTC 's Thunderbolt , Motorola 's Droid Bionic and a yet-to-be-named offering from Samsung . Touch-screen tablets were also on display with Samsung 's Galaxy Tab and Motorola 's Xoom . All six mobile devices , which are slated for release in the first half of the year starting as early as March , run on Android . "  At the same time that we were building out the -LSB- 4G -RSB- area LTE network , the Android operating system really became a reality , " Verizon Wireless CEO Dan Mead said in an interview on Thursday . AT&T announced three smartphones on Wednesday , which take advantage of the carriers ' latest network protocol . All three , from Motorola 's Atrix 4G , HTC 's Inspire 4G and Samsung 's Infuse 4G , were Androids . T-Mobile unveiled two new tablets -- LG G-Slate and Dell Streak 7 -- but no new smartphones at its event . Both tablets were running Android . During the week of CES , Sprint Nextel announced one new phone , the Evo Shift 4G from HTC , which runs on -- take a guess . At Research in Motion 's booth , the company showcases mainly the PlayBook , alongside BlackBerry phones that are already on the market . When questioned on phones , RIM co-CEO Mike Lazaridis reiterated that the company is hard at work on the next iteration of BlackBerry . It 's based on the operating system that runs the PlayBook , and these "  super phones , " as he reportedly called them , will have fast dual-core processors inside . But Motorola Mobility leapt past RIM with an Android phone that packs a dual-core chip . Thanks to the added processing power , the Atrix 4G can dock to a monitor or laptop shell to become a desktop computer running a modified version of Android . For Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer 's CES keynote , he focused the Windows Phone 7 presentation on applications -- now totally more than 5,500 -- instead of new hardware . Perhaps that 's because carrier partners had nothing new to show . Ballmer concluded the phone portion of his keynote by announcing a new feature coming soon : copy-and-paste , something every major competitor already offers . Needless to say , the crowd was not impressed . On display at its booth , Microsoft had many of the nine Windows Phone 7 devices that are already available in stores . Though the company did n't announce new phones , a Microsoft mobile director told the Seattle Times that Windows Phone 7 products would be available on Verizon and Sprint by June 30 . "  We 're going to be a multiple operating-system company , " Verizon 's Mead said . "  We have a strong business relationship with Microsoft . We are interested in that . " iReport : Share your stories from CES The variety of phone types that carriers offer is one area of competition . "  Not only do we have every major operating system , " said AT&T Marketing Chief David Christopher at his company 's Wednesday conference , "  but we have the best smartphones for those operating systems . " Despite these statements of breadth , Android was practically the only act in town this week . Last year , Google had a table at one of the three main nightly events associated with CES . This year , the company just held a small party and rented a private meeting room . Google is leaving it to the manufacturers to evangelize its platform . Expecting to make money from ads , Google provides Android for free to gadget makers to install , tinker with and sell on phones . Microsoft charges partners to use Windows Phone 7 and places limits on how they can alter the software . RIM does n't license its software . Nor does Nokia , which did n't announce any new products or host a booth , though the company is here in Las Vegas for various small events . Apple , another major smartphone maker and a longtime holdout from CES , also does n't license software to vendors . Palm , like the aforementioned three , develops software only for its own hardware . At CES two years ago , the company made a huge splash with the Pre . This year , however , Palm has a tiny footprint at displays for its new parent company , Hewlett-Packard . No new phones were shown .  HP is holding an event focused on Palm software scheduled for next month . With tablets , Android is clearly rising as a top choice for manufacturers , but it 's not alone . RIM has its own , and many companies are announcing tablets with Windows 7 . The version of Android made for tablets is n't ready to be demonstrated live , and only two companies say they have products to support it . Others are showcasing Android tablets , but they are based on older Google software that was made for phones , which obviously have smaller screens . In smartphones , competitors will likely take the stage later this year to shine the spotlight on themselves . But at CES , Android is the star .	Google does n't have a booth at CES , but its mobile products are practically everywhere During carriers ' 4G phone and tablet announcements , only Androids were there Smartphone makers like Android because it 's free for them to use
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president has been huddling with members of his ruling party in neighboring Saudi Arabia as world and regional powers press for an end to the political crisis in his country and a smooth transition of political power . Ali Abdullah Saleh met on Wednesday with officials and leaders of his ruling General People 's Congress party , the state-run news agency SABA and a high-level party official said This comes amid "  Immense pressure from the international community " to accept an agreement for a transition of power , the official told CNN . The six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council , a group of Gulf Arab states , has come up with a plan to ease Saleh out of office , a move that would placate widespread anti-government sentiment in the impoverished Arab nation . The official said Salehwants to make sure he consults senior party officials before he would sign a power transfer deal . Saleh and other top Yemeni officials were badly injured in June during an assassination attempt on the presidential palace amid a tribal revolt against his 32-year rule . Saleh was taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment . SABA reported on Thursday that the party officials congratulated Saleh and others for their recovery and on the advent of the holy month of Ramadan . The president and the others reviewed conditions in Saudi Arabia and touched on the Security Council statement , SABA reported . Saleh underscored the GPC 's commitment for ways to solve disagreements with the opposition . "  He underlined the significance of keeping on the positive dealing with the Gulf initiative and to look for the appropriate mechanism to be carried out and to ensure peaceful and smooth transfer of power in accordance with the constitution , " SABA said . Yemen has endured months of protests and militant violence . Protests against Saleh began in January after the successful uprising in Tunisia triggered regionwide reform movements . The protests led to open street battles after Saleh balked at the political transition deal . At the same time , the government has also faced off with Islamic militants , including the al Qaeda wing in Yemen , regarded by analysts as a potent and dangerous group . Saleh had been discharged from a military hospital , but it was not clear when he would return to Yemen . Saleh 's vice president , Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi , has been running the government since then .	Saleh met with party officials in Saudi Arabia , where he was treated for wounds The president is under "  immense pressure " to accept transition , a party official said Saleh is amenable to working on a "  peaceful and smooth " transfer , news agency said
Britain 's Prince Charles has called on governments around the world to do more to ensure religious freedom and urged religious leaders to promote tolerance between people of different faiths . In a video message recorded to accompany the release of a new report on religious freedom , Charles said current events in Iraq and Syria -- where Sunni extremist group ISIS has been massacring people of other faiths and sectarian tensions have flared -- were "  horrendous and heartbreaking . " "  We 've learned with mounting despair of the expulsion of Christians , Muslims and Yazidis from towns and cities that their ancestors have occupied for centuries , " he said . "  It is an indescribable tragedy that Christianity is now under such threat in the Middle East , an area where Christians have lived for 2,000 years and across which Islam spread in 700 A.D. , with people of different faiths living together peaceably for centuries . " The report , by Roman Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need , highlights the plight of Christians in particular , saying they "  remain the most persecuted faith in the world . " It adds that "  Muslims also face serious persecution ; often from other Muslims who do not share their exact same beliefs , " while Jews in parts of Western Europe are increasingly feeling threatened , prompting many to move to Israel . Prince Charles , who is heir to the British throne , pointed out that the issue of religious intolerance also affects some African nations and many countries across Asia . But some hope can be found in the efforts of certain communities and faith leaders who work to overcome division and hatred , and seek instead to engage in interfaith dialogue , he said . Faith leaders ' duty Charles , who referred to his own Christian faith in the video , suggested positive action to help tackle intolerance . "  First and foremost , rather than remaining silent , faith leaders have -- it seems to me -- a responsibility to ensure that people within their own tradition respect people from other faith traditions , " he said . He also called on governments to honor their duty to uphold the freedom of people to practice their faith , including converting to a different religion if they choose . It 's a principle enshrined in Article 18 of the U.N. Universal Declaration of Human Rights . "  Yet even in the West this right is often challenged sadly -- and in many other countries , an absence of freedom to determine one 's own faith is woven into the laws and customs of the nation , " he said . Charles reflected on the case of Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , a Sudanese Christian woman who faced a death sentence this year after refusing to renounce her faith . She was eventually released and , after meeting Pope Francis in Rome , arrived in the United States this summer to start a new life with her husband and children . And he urged those facing persecution not to give up hope , while remaining strong in their faith . "  My heart goes out to all those around the world but especially at this time in the East , whether Christian , Muslim , Jewish , Buddhist or Hindu , who are so brutally persecuted solely for the faith they profess , " he said . Deteriorating conditions According to the report , which covers the period from October 2012 to June 2014 , 81 of 196 countries in the world , or 41 % , are identified as places where religious freedom is impaired or is in decline . Another 35 countries were classified as having some religious freedom issues that are "  of concern , " but with no deterioration in their status . Change for the better is noted in only six countries , while conditions have deteriorated in 55 nations , the report 's authors found . Overall , 20 countries are designated as having a high degree of religious persecution . The persecution is linked to extremist Islam in 14 of those countries , while in the remainder it is linked to an authoritarian regime . "  In the period under review , global religious freedom entered a period of serious decline , " the report concludes .	Prince Charles calls on religious leaders to promote tolerance , understanding He calls on governments worldwide to uphold people 's right to freedom of religion Charles : "  Indescribable tragedy that Christianity is now under such threat in the Middle East " Report by Roman Catholic charity calls Christians "  the most persecuted faith in the world "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Prodding Israel and the Palestinian Authority to restart talks aimed at a permanent resolution of their decades-old conflict , President Obama dropped a demand for an Israeli settlement freeze , U.S. , Israeli and Palestinian officials said . Benjamin Netanyahu , left , President Obama and Mahmoud Abbas . "  Simply put , it is past time to talk about starting negotiations . It is time to move forward , " Obama told reporters before a meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  It is time to show the flexibility and common sense and sense of compromise that is necessary to achieve our goals , " Obama said . Obama first met separately with Netanyahu and Abbas on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in what he called "  frank and productive " talks . The session was the first among the three leaders since Obama took office in January . George Mitchell , Obama 's envoy for the Middle East , attended Tuesday 's talks . He said the talks were "  at all times cordial , " but "  direct " and sometimes "  blunt . " Obama told Abbas and Netanyahu that , "  The only reason to hold public office is to get things done , " and that everyone "  must take risks for peace , " Mitchell said . Mitchell told reporters the U.S. is "  not identifying any issue as being a precondition or an impediment to negotiation . " But the United States and Israel have publicly disagreed on Israeli plans to build more housing on land the Palestinians regard as theirs . Previous Obama administration demands for a freeze have been ignored by the Netanyahu government . Watch Netanyahu address peace , settlements " Abbas has so far rejected resuming talks with Israel until the Jewish state halts all settlement building in the occupied West Bank and in predominantly Palestinian East Jerusalem . Arab states also have balked at the U.S. request to take confidence-building measures toward Israel until Israel freezes settlement construction . Sitting with Netanyahu and Abbas , Obama softened his regular language on a settlement "  freeze , " saying that Israel has had meaningful discussions about "  restraining " settlement activity . "  But they need to translate these discussions into real action on this and other issues , " he said . "  Obama told Abbas that he could n't get the settlement freeze and promised to keep trying , but that it should n't be a condition for talks and it was time to move on , " one Palestinian aide to Abbas said . Several U.S. officials said that Obama told Abbas that although the U.S. believe a settlement freeze would create a better atmosphere for talks to begin , the lack of one should not be used an as excuse not to talk . "  Let 's not have the perfect be the enemy of the good , " Obama told Abbas , according to the officials . Watch Obama : ` We have to find a way forward ' " "  It 's been apparent for some time that the Israelis were going to fall short of what is necessary on the settlement freeze , " one senior U.S. official said . "  But our view is let 's get to negotiations and settlements will be addressed within those final status issues " A senior Israeli diplomat said Israel agreed to not building any new settlements , no outward expansion of existing growth and to only build for "  natural " growth within existing settlements . He said Israel also agreed not to encourage Israelis to move to settlements , which would increase the population . "  A complete settlement freeze was n't physically or politically possible , especially in the absence of any Arab or Palestinian concessions , " the Israeli diplomat said . "  There was a time the gaps had significantly narrowed , but now they were starting to widen . The administration recognized , rather than have them widen further , we should start negotiating . " The Palestinian aide to Abbas said Obama 's failure to secure a settlement freeze has weakened him in the eyes of the Palestinian delegation , because it casts doubt on his ability to move Israel during final status negotiations . The Palestinians did win an important point , however , with Obama making clear that the peace talks would not start from scratch , which Netanyahu had favored . Rather the talks would take into account progress made in previous negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , the sources said . The Israeli diplomat said that Israel would "  take into account " the previous negotiations , but stressed his country 's longstanding position that "  nothing is agreed to until everything is agreed to . " Obama also addressed Abbas ' desire to have the terms for negotiations more clearly defined , asking Israeli and Palestinian negotiators to come to Washington next week for further talks . Next week 's talks , to be led by George Mitchell , will center on what issues will be addressed at negotiations , which will present the U.S. with its next big challenge . Palestinians want negotiations to resolve the "  final status " issues of the conflict , such as borders , Jerusalem and the right of return for Palestinian refugees . Israel wants to begin with talks on a "  provisional " Palestinian state .	NEW : Israel agrees to some limits on West Bank settlement growth "  It is past time to talk about starting negotiations , " President Obama says Obama meets separately , then jointly , with Netanyahu and Abbas Meetings come as hopes for renewed Israeli-Palestinian talks have dimmed
CNN  -- Injured New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez and Major League Baseball are negotiating a deal that would result in a lengthy suspension instead of a permanent ban , ESPN reported Wednesday night . According to the "  Outside the Lines " report , a source familiar with the discussions said representatives for the three-time AL Most Valuable Player and 14-time All-Star are talking with league officials . The ESPN story said some baseball officials want the 38-year-old Rodriguez to be banned for life . Until now , his attorney has said he will fight any suspension or ban . The network also reported that Rodriguez has been shown the evidence against him , including documentation that Rodriguez coerced a witness in MLB 's performance-enhancing drugs investigation . Those allegations claim Rodriguez had ties with the now-closed anti-aging Biogenesis clinic in Florida and its founder , Anthony Bosch . Rodriguez or Pujols : Whose contract is worse ? In an interview with CNN earlier this month , the player denied any plea negotiations and did n't say whether he would fight an adverse decision Rodriguez , now recovering from an injury , is considered one of the game 's greatest sluggers . He has 647 home runs -- the fifth most-ever -- in 19 seasons . In 2009 , he had an outstanding postseason in helping the Yankees win their most recent World Series title . He holds the largest contract ever in American sports , signing with the Yankees in 2007 for $ 275 million over 10 years . Performance enhancing drugs in sports He has admitted in the past to using performance-enhancing drugs , but he also has denied taking any after 2003 . He has never been suspended by the league for a drug violation . Rodriguez is supposed to take part in a practice game at the Yankees training facility in Tampa , Florida , on Thursday . The Biogenesis scandal has already to have ensnared one star : 2011 National League MVP and Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun . Earlier this month Braun was suspended without pay for the rest of this season for violating the league 's drug policy , baseball Commissioner Bud Selig announced . A-Rod could still get $ 61 million even if career is over	Report : A-Rod and MLB are negotiating the length of a suspension ESPN says the star slugger has been shown evidence against him The Yankees slugger is practicing in Florida as he recovers from injury He signed the richest contract in U.S. sports in 2007 , worth more than $ 27 million a year
San Francisco  CNN  -- Martha Ryan could n't believe it . She had never heard of women who were pregnant and homeless . But in one night , she met three . "  I said , ` How could that be ? ' " recalled Ryan , who was volunteering at a San Francisco shelter at the time while pursuing her master 's degree in public health . "  But it did n't take me long to realize that ... if they were poor , they probably would n't have health care , but certainly  they  would still be having sex . And they would get pregnant . " Ryan also realized the likely consequences . None of the three women had received prenatal care , meaning they were far more likely to deliver unhealthy babies . An unhealthy baby would add to the burdens of a homeless mother , and the family would likely end up dependent on state programs to survive . "  If they delivered unhealthy babies that ended up in the intensive care nursery ...  that  could have cost the system , the society , the taxpayer , all of us , " Ryan said . "  And  the continual costs through a child 's life -- of needing more support -- is astronomical . " Preventive care , it seemed , would be much more effective , and Ryan recognized an opportunity to help these women change their lives . She took a grant-writing class and eventually secured the $ 52,000 she needed to start her Homeless Prenatal Program . Since 1989 , the nonprofit has provided prenatal care to thousands of homeless women in San Francisco . But it 's also grown to offer much more . "  I learned very early on that prenatal care alone was not enough , " said Ryan , a 63-year-old registered nurse . "  The women that we were serving needed help with housing , mental illness , substance abuse , domestic violence . ... And if we did n't help her with these other issues , then we were not going to be able to help her long term or help her children exit poverty . " Today , Ryan 's group assists more than 3,600 families per year , offering all sorts of free services to help them pull themselves out of poverty and end a cycle that can repeat itself from generation to generation . "  If you 're in  poverty  and you do n't have opportunities or ways to climb out of it , it 's hard to get out , " Ryan said . "  When people are given opportunities , they do it . They blaze that trail . " By helping families out of poverty , the nonprofit is also benefiting society and taxpayers . Ryan said her costs average less than $ 5,000 per family per year . The city of San Francisco , on the other hand , reports spending an average of $ 6,647 a year on medical care alone for every person who is consistently homeless . The assistance also keeps children out of foster care . "  It 's a terrible loss for any mother to lose her child , " Ryan said , "  and often they will replace it with another baby . And so , it 's in all of our best interests -- especially the mother and the child -- to keep the family together and to help the mother be the best mother that she could possibly be . " Ryan 's program has helped more than 80,000 families since it started , and it has earned the trust of local governments : While some of its annual budget comes from individual and corporate donations , more than half of it comes from city and state grants . "  The government sees us as their partner , and they trust us , " Ryan said . "  They know that we work with integrity . They know that the work that we do is good , and they see the effects of our work . " Ryan 's program has also earned the trust of its clientele . "  This program works , " said Carrie Hamilton , describing herself as a former meth addict who lived in a minivan with her young daughter nearly a decade ago . When Hamilton lost her job and got pregnant again , she knew something needed to change . She reached out to Ryan 's group and got help kicking her addiction , delivering a healthy baby , securing housing and stabilizing her life . She went through a year of job training with the group , and now she 's part of the staff , working as an outreach and case manager as well as a health educator . "  I am so happy to be able to relay the things I 've learned to moms now , especially ones I can relate to because I know where they 've been , " Hamilton said . "  They really listen , not because they fully know where I 've come from , but just because I am able to meet them where they are and have a no-judgment feeling for them . " Ryan said nearly a third of her staff is made up of former clients . "  They  are the reason why this program is what it is today , " Ryan said . "  When a client comes in and sits down with a case manager who looks like her , who was in her shoes not that very long ago and who is now employed and working , immediate trust is formed . ... She gives her hope , hope that , ` If she did it , why could n't I ? ' " For Ryan , believing and investing in women such as Hamilton is the key to her organization 's success . "  Seeing their strength and their ability to pull themselves up and , against all odds , to move forward and to change their lives , now that is inspiring . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Homeless Prenatal Program website and see how to help .	Martha Ryan 's group reaches out to women who are pregnant and homeless in San Francisco It offers not only free prenatal care , but social services to help women turn their lives around By helping families out of poverty , the program is also benefiting society , taxpayers Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A violent rash of fast-moving storms churned north Saturday , ripping off roofs , toppling trees and pushing the three-day death toll to 26 as possible tornadoes moved into the mid-Atlantic states . More than 100 twisters were spotted across the region , according to the National Weather Service , which reported seven casualties in North Carolina . Three people in Raleigh were killed in mobile homes that were destroyed , the weather service said . It reported two people died near Ammon , North Carolina . One person was killed in the Bladenboro area and another in the Benson and Black Creek area , the weather service said . North Carolina State Rep. Mike Stone reported two additional deaths in Lee County . Julia Jarema , a spokeswoman for the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management , said the state suffered multiple fatalities but declined to give a specific number . The "  destructive " and "  extremely dangerous " tornado had barreled into North Carolina early Saturday evening , prompting emergency warnings for much of the central part of the state . Two rotating storms triggered tornado watches and warnings up through the Richmond , Virginia , Washington and Baltimore areas , according to the National Weather Service . CNN affiliate WTVD broadcast images of damaged homes and vehicles in Smithfield , North Carolina , as local residents and emergency workers surveyed the damage . In South Carolina , a tornado cut through Berkeley County , destroying a church and injuring six people , the weather service said . "  We 're expecting large violent tornadoes that are going to stay on the ground for a long period of time , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  This is a high-risk day , " she added . "  We only get a handful of days like this every year . " Meanwhile , emergency crews in Georgia , Mississippi and Alabama worked to assess the damage as the storm system moved north through the Carolinas and up into southern Virginia . On Friday , Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency after reports of tornado touchdowns in at least six counties . Multiple injuries were reported in Sumter and Marengo counties , with at least one fatality in the latter , he said . Three people were also killed in Autauga County after fallen trees crashed into mobile homes in the area , police said . Three additional deaths were reported in Washington County , said Yasamie August , spokeswoman for the Alabama Emergency Management Agency . Two other deaths were previously reported in Oklahoma and seven in Arkansas . In Greene County , Mississippi , one death and six injuries were reported , officials said . Flood warnings were issued across portions of western Alabama Saturday , as earlier rains raised water levels along the Tombigbee River , the weather service said . Mississippi Lt. Gov. Phil Bryant and Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin also declared states of emergency Friday for 14 Mississippi counties and 26 Oklahoma counties , respectively . But by Saturday , hazardous weather warnings were taken down across the states , the weather service reported . The city of Clinton , Mississippi , suffered "  extensive damage " when a tornado touched down , according to Mississippi 's Emergency Management Agency . The city 's mayor said no one was injured in the storm , which tore the roof from a hotel and caused major damage to a bank and numerous homes . It narrowly missed an elementary school and a church daycare center packed with about 650 children between them , she added . "  We have a lot to be grateful for , " Mayor Rosemary Aultman said . "  It could have been a lot worse . " The storm also tossed cars on Interstate 20 , Aultman said . The tornado in Clinton was one of several reported Friday in Mississippi and Alabama that cut a wide path of destruction . CNN affiliate WAPT in Jackson , Mississippi , showed video of the destroyed home of a teacher at Hinds Community College . Several of her students were at the house , helping to clean and salvage what they could from the wreckage . "  I 've never seen anything like this , " said one student . "  My heart dropped because it hurt me to see my teacher 's home like this . ... I know it 's hurting her , but she 's being strong about it . " Numerous power poles were snapped in Jackson along the storm 's path , leaving more than 23,400 customers without power , utility company Entergy Mississippi said . In Alabama , tens of thousands of fans gathered for a weekend of races at the Talladega Superspeedway , which had been under a tornado watch until 9 p.m. Friday Some 30,000 people camped out , some in tents , on the infield of the speedway , said Steve Dover , spokesman for the Talladega County Emergency Management Agency . Thousands more were seated in the grandstands , he said . By Saturday , the severe weather had relented , allowing the Superspeedway to open its gates to waiting fans , according to Talladega spokeswoman Hannah Kinderknechd . A tornado watch remained in effect until 9 p.m. Saturday for eastern North Carolina . The storms were the latest in a round of severe weather that has hit parts of the Midwest and South since Thursday . They left a trail of downed trees and power lines , scattered cars and crushed homes as it moved east . CNN 's Ed Payne , Rick Martin and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report	NEW : At least 7 people are killed in North Carolina , the NWS says NEW : North Carolina state Rep. Mike Stone reports an additional 2 fatalities in Lee County Two rotating storms prompt warnings from Richmond , Virginia , north to Baltimore "  This is a high-risk day , " a CNN meteorologist says
CNN  -- NATO forces patrolling the Gulf of Aden foiled a pirate attack on a Norwegian tanker this weekend , a NATO spokesman said . The Canadian navy 's HMCS Winnipeg helped foil a pirate attack on a Norwegian tanker Sunday , NATO says . Pirates attempted to capture the MV Front Ardennes at 6 p.m. Saturday and were apprehended seven hours later , Commander Chris Davies told CNN . A NATO-supported Canadian navy ship , the HMCS Winnipeg , was returning from escorting a World Food Program vessel in the gulf when it saw the Norwegian ship under attack , Davies said . A British Royal Fleet Auxiliary vessel , the Wave Knight , was also in the area . The pirates were captured at 1 a.m. Sunday after they threw weapons , ladders and scaling equipment overboard , Davies said . Several rounds of ammunition were found on the pirates ' boat . The pirates were detained , but allowed to go free after questioning . There is currently no formal procedure for NATO personnel to follow once they have apprehended pirates , Davies noted . Their weapons are confiscated and they are then typically given provisions and released . The Sunday incident is the latest in a string of hijackings off the Horn of Africa , which have received more attention since pirates attacked a U.S.-flagged cargo ship on April 8 and took its captain hostage . See a map of pirate attacks " CNN 's Carol Jordan in London , England , contributed to this report .	Canadian , British vessels on NATO patrol prevent hijacking of Norwegian ship Pirates captured after seven-hour chase , but then released , NATO says Lacking formal procedure , NATO generally takes pirates ' weapons but lets them go Sunday attack latest in a long string of hijackings and attempts in Gulf of Aden
During Tuesday night 's State of the Union address , President Barack Obama touted his administration 's efforts on reducing illegal immigration . The claim : "  Real reform means stronger border security , and we can build on the progress my administration has already made -- putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history , and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years . " That 's a big claim , so CNN decided to take a closer look . The facts : In fiscal year 2011 , there were 18,506 U.S. Border Patrol agents in the Southwest Border Sectors -- up steadily from 3,555 agents in 1992 , according to Customs and Border Protection figures . A Pew Research Hispanic Center study finds that Border Patrol apprehensions of all unauthorized immigrants are at their lowest level since 1971 . "  In spite of  and perhaps because of  increases in the number of U.S. Border Patrol agents , apprehensions of Mexicans trying to cross the border illegally have plummeted in recent years -- from more than 1 million in 2005 to 286,000 in 2011 -- a likely indication that fewer unauthorized migrants are trying to cross , " it concluded . More fact checks : Obamacare | Gas mileage | Wind energy Pew estimates that net migration -- newly arrived immigrants minus those leaving  forced or voluntarily  -- has come to a standstill , which it attributes to the weakened U.S. job and construction markets , border enforcement , an increase in deportations , and increased dangers associated with crossing the border . In all , there were 327,577 illegal immigrant apprehensions in 2011 , according to the U.S. Border Patrol . This is the lowest number since 1972 , when there were 321,326 . According to the Department of Homeland Security , the 2011 figure is a 53 % drop from 2008 , which it says indicates that fewer people are trying to cross the border . The figures can be tough to interpret . Often , the same person is caught more than once , "  and then the flip side of that phenomenon is there 's no way of knowing how many you missed counting , how many do get through , " said Dan Kowalski , editor of Bender 's Immigration Bulletin and an immigration lawyer at the Fowler Law Firm in Austin , Texas . "  So , you get what you measure . In other words , you count what you count . " But even if the border could be sealed in a foolproof manner , the issue of illegal immigration would not be resolved . That 's because many of those people who are in the United States without authorization have entered the country legally on a visa and simply overstayed their visa status , Kowalski said . Conclusion : Obama 's comments appear to accurately summarize the current state of illegal immigration , though it 's impossible to determine with certainty how many illegal crossings may have occurred .	In fiscal year 2011 , there were 18,506 U.S. Border Patrol agents in the Southwest Border Sectors Study : Apprehensions of unauthorized immigrants are at their lowest level since 1971 The figures can be tough to interpret
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It was a night for neon pink bow ties and words like "  disaster " and "  monstrosity . " It was not the night , however , to be Paris Hilton , Mike Myers or Uwe Boll . Paula Einstein , Rebecca Marcotte and Kelie McIver do a parody of "  Dancing Queen " to open the show . The 29th Annual Golden Raspberry Awards honored the worst film achievements of the year in a small theater in Hollywood on February 21 . The night opened with a parody of the "  Mamma Mia " song , "  Dancing Queen , " and ended with "  Love Guru " being named worst picture . "  It was n't just the economy that tanked , so did the qualities of the movies being offered , " Razzie founder John Wilson told CNN several weeks before the show . "  I would suggest putting away all sharp -LSB- instruments -RSB- before putting the DVDs in your machine . " Paris Hilton and Mike Myers came out on top -- or bottom -- for the awards . Hilton earned both the worst actress and worst supporting actress awards for her roles in "  Hottie & the Nottie " and "  Repo : The Genetic Opera . " She was also awarded worst screen couple for her on-screen time with her co-stars Christine Lakin and Joel David Moore . Razzie host Gretchen Enders said that "  Hottie & the Nottie " was "  a vanity production in the worst sense ... Hilton , who served as executive producer , has no one to blame but herself . " Hilton 's film had a budget of $ 2 million but only earned about $ 27,000 at the box office . "  Under Obama 's new plan , they would n't even have to pay taxes , " Wilson deadpanned . Myers added worst actor to the "  Love Guru " worst picture and worst screenplay Razzies . To save anyone else from having to watch it , Wilson shredded a DVD copy of the film on stage . Parody films "  Disaster Movie " and "  Meet the Spartans , " each nominated in five categories , came away empty-handed . However , that does n't mean the Razzie foundation thinks they were worthwhile . "  When you invest the kind of money that a mainstream , big-budget star film requires , you want some insurance that your investment is going to come back to you . So ... you 're going to do what worked before , " Wilson said . "  Financially that may make sense , but in terms of the audience 's enjoyment , surprise or appreciation of what you 're doing , it does n't work . " Enter "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , " this year 's winner of the worst prequel , remake , rip-off or sequel award . "  A fourth installment of a beloved franchise , but this one found itself loved by almost no one , " hosts Katsy Chappell and Josh Thoemke said . The approximately 740 voting members of the Raspberry Foundation also found Pierce Brosnan 's singing voice sorely lacking . His role in "  Mama Mia " earned him the worst supporting actor award . "  An actor who could not sing , should not sing and arguably did not sing , in a role he should not have accepted , " Razzie hosts Chip Dornell and Kelie McIver said about the former James Bond . But perhaps the biggest "  winner " of the night was Uwe Boll . Recipient of the worst director award , the foundation also recognized his lifetime work with the worst career achievement award . Boll is the "  worst living director on Earth , " Wilson told CNN . Boll had a sense of humor about his Razzie success . He sent in a video rejection speech from a fake set of Darfur , Sudan , saying the Razzies had ruined his life and he would never be back . The Razzie team is already predicting next year 's nominees . A few to watch out for : "  Hannah Montana , " "  Friday the 13th " and "  Bride Wars , " -- the last of which has already grossed more than $ 50 million . "  It 's kind of like watching a train wreck , is n't it ? " Wilson said .	Razzies honor worst film achievements of the past year Mike Myers , Paris Hilton each won three Razzies "  Indiana Jones " won worst prequel , remake , rip-off or sequel award
CNN  -- The melting glacial ice in places like the Alps , Greenland and the Himalayas is a dramatic visual document of how our planet 's climate is changing . For U.S.-based environmental photographer James Balog , it is a vision he has spent more than six years trying to record and preserve . After an assignment for National Geographic in Iceland in 2005 , he was shocked by the changes taking place and wanted to find a way to capture what was going on , in the Arctic and glaciers elsewhere around the world . The result has been a new documentary film , "  Chasing Ice , " based on 36 time-lapse cameras looking at 16 different glaciers in locations in Alaska , Bolivia , Canada , France , Greenland , Iceland , Nepal , the Rocky Mountains and Switzerland . Each camera has been taking a photograph every half-an-hour during daylight , producing almost one million pictures in total . Balog says putting the documentary together has changed his initial skepticism about climate change . "  What we 've seen has been a complete shock . I never really expected to see this magnitude of change . Every time we open the backs of these cameras it 's like ` wow , is that what 's just happened . ' " At one point in the film , Balog is shown looking at the memory card he has just removed from a camera and saying : "  This is a memory of a landscape . A landscape that is now gone and will never be seen again in the history of civilization . " Watch : CNN special ` Secrets in the Ice ' Of all the places he has filmed , it is the Arctic that has attracted most attention in recent years . In September this year , the ice cap fell to its lowest extent on record . It grows each winter but is retreating further and further every summer , according to data collected by the U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center . The summer ice extent has declined by 13 % each decade since the ice was first monitored in 1979 . Climate scientists have previously predicted the Arctic could lose almost all of its ice cover in the summer months by 2100 . However , the recent accelerated ice losses have led some to believe that date could come much sooner . While accepting that glacial ice melting has happened many times before in human history , Balog says what he is documenting now can no longer be considered a natural process . "  What we 're seeing is a much more accelerated rate of change , especially in the past 40 years or so and that has clearly been traced by scientists to the impact of carbon dioxide , methane and nitrous oxide emissions into the atmosphere . " "  In the past 100 years , the atmosphere has accumulated 40 % more carbon dioxide in it than had been seen in the peak over the past one million years . "  So , in the past one million years the peak of carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere has been 280-290 parts per million  ppm  . We 're now at 395 ppm and adding more every year . It 's gone beyond natural and is affecting the entire world , " he says . Balog , who lives in the Rocky Mountains near Boulder , Colorado , believes the economic and technological solutions to mitigate the impact of climate change already exist . "  What we need is a greater political and public understanding of the immediacy and reality of these changes . I believe that this film can help shift public perceptions by telling people a story that is real and happening now , " he says .	New documentary captures glacial ice retreating at sixteen different locations around the world "  Chasing Ice , " by U.S. photographer James Balog , recorded glacier melt since 2007 Balog 's cameras have captured nearly one million images for the project Balog hopes film will "  shift public perceptions by telling people a story that is real and happening now "
CNN  -- A mother and her young son were at a mall , when she considered buying him a sandwich . She knew her husband would beat her later for spending the $ 7 , but her son was hungry . She swallowed her fear and bought the sandwich . I met a college professor with a PhD who told me that her husband took her paycheck every month and that she had to wear long sleeves in the summer to hide the bruises on her arms . When a person tells you these very personal , gut-wrenching stories , you ca n't help but be moved to act . Still , many people hear these stories and they ask , "  Why does she stay ? " I 've learned that getting away is never easy . There are children to consider . Emotional ties are hard to break . Oftentimes women simply do n't have the money because money is a weapon of choice for many domestic violence perpetrators . The National Network to End Domestic Violence reports that financial abuse almost always accompanies physical abuse and can be the primary obstacle to women breaking free from bondage . It works like this : A man  women are the victims in 85 % of cases  sets up a credit card in the woman 's name and does n't pay the bills , ruining the woman 's credit . The man forces the woman to put her paycheck into a bank account and wo n't give her access . He hides all financial documents and wo n't share passwords for websites . So , the woman often has no money , poor credit , and a limited understanding of her financial situation . Even if she is desperate to leave an abusive partner and has the courage to move to a local domestic violence shelter , she has no money for transportation , food or clothing . So , the right question is n't : "  Why does she stay ? " The right question is : "  How can we help her get safe and secure ? " Evidence shows that arming victims with the right tools and information can help . Victims need to protect and reclaim their financial resources , rebuild their credit and gain a complete understanding of their financial picture . According to a long-term study by The Center for Violence Against Women and Children at Rutgers University , abused women who participated in a financial education curriculum developed by The Allstate Foundation and the National Network to End Domestic Violence were twice as likely to take the financial steps necessary to rebuild their lives . The sheer scope of domestic violence overall in this country almost defies belief . Data from the Centers for Disease Control shows that one in four women will be a victim of domestic abuse in their lifetime . The CDC also reports that 2 million women are injured in the U.S. every year and that domestic abuse leads to 8 million lost days of work annually . Polling by the Allstate Foundation has shown that almost three quarters of us know a victim , even though few of us realize it . The U.S. Department of Justice has stated that approximately 1,300 die annually from domestic violence . The United States Conference of Mayors argues that it is the No. 1 cause of homelessness for women , and the violence scars millions of children each year who witness it . Yet , few want to talk about it because it is a dark and ugly subject . The NFL has given us all an opportunity to have deeper conversations about domestic violence . But it should n't take a high-profile incident in the news for us to rise up and take a stand against domestic violence . We must seize the opportunity to bring domestic violence and financial abuse out of the shadows and help women trapped in abusive relationships find the path to safety . Business needs to take domestic violence very seriously . We need more businesses to step up and play an active role in protecting women . Wherever possible , businesses should take into account extenuating circumstances such as domestic violence when considering credit histories and ratings . Companies should make sure employee benefit plans provide a helping hand when needed . Managers should be trained on how best to identify and support employees who are victims of abuse at home . In addition , all of us can rise up , including role models in sports and entertainment , academia , educators and concerned citizens . Only by pulling back the curtain and getting involved can we ensure that victims can escape to a safer and brighter future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Thomas Wilson : Money is a weapon of choice for those engaging in domestic violence He says often women do n't have the funds or credit to escape abusive relationships Business needs to be more supportive of victims of domestic violence , he says Wilson : NFL stories have raised the topic , but we need to do more to bring it out of shadows
CNN  -- A Los Angeles police officer has been charged with assaulting a woman under arrest , Alesia Thomas , who lost consciousness in a patrol car and was declared dead soon thereafter , prosecutors announced Thursday . Mary O'Callaghan , 48 , was charged a day earlier in a felony assault case , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . The prosecutor 's office said it will request $ 35,000 bail for the officer who , if convicted , could spend three years in state prison . Tyler Izen , president of the Los Angeles police union , in a statement said "  the alleged actions of the officer are incongruous with her reputation as an officer who was known to be diligent , courteous and ethical . " O'Callaghan 's lawyer Robert Rico describes his client , an 18-year veteran of the department , as "  devastated . " "  As an officer , a Marine and a mother , she 's used to fighting and defending others , " Rico said . "  And she will fight and defend herself in a court of law to prove her innocence . " The charge stems from an incident July 22 , 2012 , when police investigating a possible child abandonment went to Thomas ' home . This was after Thomas had dropped off her two children at a police station because she felt her drug abuse had made her an unfit parent , according to Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas . At the mother 's home , police talked with Thomas and arrested her . It was then that O'Callaghan arrived on the scene , helping her fellow officers put Thomas -- then wearing handcuffs and leg restraints -- in a patrol car . Video captured what happened next , the prosecutor 's office said , including "  O'Callaghan kicking Thomas in the stomach and groin area and pushing her in the throat . " Thomas lost consciousness in the patrol car , then was transported by paramedics to a hospital , where she was pronounced dead . Prosecutors said they did n't file involuntary manslaughter charges against O'Callaghan because it could n't be proven that she directly caused Thomas ' death . Her official cause of death was "  undetermined , " according to a coroner 's report . Thomas 's relatives , though , believe O'Callaghan is responsible , family spokesman Najee Ali said Thursday . The family is grateful for the charge filed this week , added Ali . But they 're not satisfied yet , pushing for the public release of the video showing Thomas ' final moments . "  We want to have the whole truth of what happened to Alesia Thomas , " Ali said . " ... This is not over with . " 3 indicted in bikers ' clash with SUV driver ; 3 NYPD officers under investigation CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman 's family thinks officer is to blame , urges more action , spokesman says Prosecutor : Video shows Alesia Thomas being kicked by officer , pushed in the throat That officer is charged with assault ; if convicted , she could face three years in prison The accused police officer is "  devastated " by the charge , her lawyer says
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- A suspected terrorist linked to several Indonesian bombings in the past decade was killed in a protracted firefight Saturday in the Central Java town of Temanggung , two law enforcement sources told CNN . A poster in Malang , East Java , Indonesia , has under "  dicari , " or "  wanted , " Noordin Top . Another raid by police Saturday averted a planned assassination attempt on Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , authorities said . Noordin M. Top was killed during a raid by the anti-terrorism unit Detachment 88 that began Friday and lasted 18 hours into Saturday , said a police source and a security analyst with close ties to the police . Official confirmation of Top 's identity will come next week after DNA results , said Indonesia 's National Police Chief , Bambang Hendarso . Indonesia 's anti-terrorism forces had been hunting Top for the past six years . He is also the main suspect in last month 's twin hotel bombings in Jakarta . A statement attributed to Top , 40 , a Malaysian-born explosives expert , claimed responsibility for the attacks that targeted Jakarta 's JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels . The coordinated bombings killed seven people and the two suspected bombers , and wounded more than 50 . Watch more about the raid " It was the first major terrorist attack in Indonesia in more than three years . Top is reportedly an officer , recruiter , bomb-maker and trainer for a splinter group of the militant organization Jemaah Islamiyah , which has ties to al Qaeda . He allegedly was involved in a previous attack on the Marriott in Jakarta in August 2003 , as well as attacks on a Bali nightclub in 2002 and the Australian embassy in Jakarta in 2004 , according to the FBI . In February 2006 , the FBI added Top to its list of 10 suspected terrorists who have not been charged in the United States , and are wanted only for questioning . The ramifications of Top 's death were not immediately clear . "  This is a huge advance in Indonesia 's fight against terror , " said Sidney Jones , a senior Asia adviser for the International Crisis Group , a global nonpartisan advisory organization . "  But this is not the end of it because we still do n't know the extent of the network and the funding source of Noordin 's network . " Three to four people were believed to be holed up in the house in Temanggung , police said . Security forces had launched a raid on the house after two people believed to be nephews of its owner were arrested earlier in the day , according to the official Antara News Agency . "  Police officers entered the house and fired profusely inside the house while other policemen surrounded the house and opened its windows by force , " Antara said . After the gunfire ended , local television showed police with their helmets off , shaking hands and carrying caskets into the house , suggesting that those inside the house had been killed or captured . Also on Saturday , in a house on the outskirts of Jakarta , Indonesian police killed two militants believed to be connected with a 2004 bombing and found a cache of explosives in an early morning raid , the national police chief said . Hendarso said that police found about 100 kg  220 lbs  of explosives along with bomb-making materials and a truck , which they did not immediately open for fear it might have been rigged to explode . Those bomb-making materials were going to be used in an attack on the president , Hendarso said . The two militants killed are believed to be connected with the 2004 bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta in which 16 people were killed and more than 200 were wounded , Hendarso said . Also , a man identified as Suryana , who uses the aliases Yayan and Gepeng , was arrested in north Jakarta on suspicion of terrorism charges , said Nanan Soekarna , police inspector general . Soekarna could not say whether Suryana was connected with last month 's hotel bombings or other incidents . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	NEW : Another raid averted planned assassination attempt on Indonesian president Top was killed during the 18-hour raid , law enforcement sources say Top is the main suspect in the twin hotel bombings in Jakarta last month Also killed : Two militants allegedly linked to the 2004 Australian Embassy bombing
CNN  -- A Detroit man , who stabbed an officer outside a courtroom and escaped wearing the officer 's uniform , has been captured , authorities said . The inmate , Abraham Pearson , was spotted walking in a Detroit neighborhood Monday night , said Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon . Authorities said Pearson attacked a deputy with a sharpened comb in front of two other inmates inside a holding cell at the Frank Murphy Hall Monday morning . He then handcuffed Deputy Harrison Tolliver , and fled , also taking the officer 's cell phone and radio , the Wayne County Sheriff 's Office said . The two inmates did not intervene or leave the cell , according to police . Pearson escaped from the rear of the building , carjacked a citizen and drove away in a Dodge minivan . The Dodge was recovered and the officer 's uniform was found under a vehicle near Beaubien Street in Detroit . Pearson was facing sentencing on Monday on carjacking and armed robbery charges . According to the sheriff 's office , the 25-year old has a lengthy criminal record and was on parole . The arrest could add at least 11 more charges to the crimes he was already facing , Napoleon said . Tolliver , 63 , was taken to the Detroit Receiving Hospital and later released . Tolliver is a retired Detroit police officer who joined the Sheriff 's Office in December . CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Abraham Pearson escaped from holding cell while awaiting sentencing Police say he drove off in a carjacked minivan Sheriff : The escape attempt will add the suspect 11 more chages
