The eruption of fighting in Iraq 's Anbar Province is causing much consternation and recrimination in U.S. foreign policy circles . Conservative hawks , including Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham , are especially vocal in criticizing the Obama administration 's Iraq policy . They argue that the administration 's fecklessness has opened Iraq to an al Qaeda offensive that now has the terrorist group 's flag flying over portions of Falluja and Ramadi , two cities subdued during the Bush administration at great cost in blood and treasure . If Obama had not foolishly withdrawn the remaining U.S. troops from Iraq at the end of 2011 , hawkish critics insist , Washington would now have far greater ability to prevent the country 's alarming slide into turmoil . There are several problems with that argument . First , it was Bush , not Obama , who negotiated the original agreement with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki that promised the full withdrawal of U.S. forces by the end of 2011 . The Obama administration would have had either to renege on a formal agreement , thus displaying contempt for the sovereignty of a democratic Iraq that the United States helped create , or somehow induce the al-Maliki government to sign a new agreement allowing American troops to remain . Second , Obama administration officials did try to negotiate a new "  status of forces " agreement to enable a limited number of troops  perhaps 10,000 to 20,000  to stay in Iraq . However , al-Maliki insisted the only way he would even consider approving such a pact would be if Washington agreed that U.S. forces were subject to Iraqi law . The U.S. government , under both Republican and Democratic presidents , has been wary of consenting to such provisions even in stable , Western democratic countries that host American troops . The United States has steadfastly refused to do so in countries like Iraq with shaky , corrupt political systems and dubious legal systems . One ought to ask hawks if they believe Obama should have exposed American military personnel to the tender mercies of Iraq 's court system . If not , they must concede that Obama adopted the right position in refusing to make such a concession . Third , the idea of keeping U.S. troops in Iraq was profoundly unpopular among both Iraqis and Americans . Public opinion polls taken in 2011 showed a clear majority of Americans believed the Iraq War was a mistake and did not want U.S. forces to stay in that country . Likewise , by rather wide margins , Sunni and Shiite Arab populations  who vehemently disagreed about numerous issues  were in agreement on one point : They wanted all foreign forces out of their country . The only faction that favored a continued U.S. military presence was the Kurdish population in the north . Even then , the primary reason the Kurds wanted troops to remain was to help prevent Baghdad from trying to suppress Kurdistan 's increasingly bold de facto independence . Keeping U.S. forces in Iraq would have put American personnel on the front lines of that tense , emotional confrontation . Those troops would today also be on the front lines of an even nastier confrontation between al-Maliki 's Shiite-led government and Sunni insurgents in Anbar . It is a grotesque oversimplification to assume that al Qaeda is the source of all the trouble there . Even before the latest fighting broke out , bloodshed in Iraq was on the rise . The death toll from political  mainly Sunni-Shiite sectarian  violence in 2013 was the highest in five years . With an ostentatiously independent Kurdistan in the north , and now a direct military challenge from the Sunni heartland to al-Maliki 's rule , Iraq shows signs of extreme instability , if not impending fragmentation . Critics who blast Obama for not keeping American troops in that snake pit are badly misguided . They cling to the notion that Washington 's decision to invade and occupy Iraq was a great success until Obama administration blunders undercut that achievement . It may be a comforting delusion to hawks , but it is a delusion . We should all be grateful that Washington is no longer in a position to add new American military victims to the toll of more than 4,400 who already perished .	Fighting in Iraq 's Anbar Province causes consternation among policy leaders Ted Carpenter : Conservative hawks are vocal in criticizing the Obama administration He says critics are wrong to say that we should have kept U.S. troops in the region Carpenter : Let 's be grateful U.S. policy is not allowing more Americans to die in Iraq
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An attack in eastern Afghanistan killed four NATO service members and 12 others Tuesday . The Czech Defense Ministry said the four soldiers killed were Czech nationals . The soldiers were patrolling an area in Bagram when a suicide bomber on a bicycle detonated his explosives vest , said Wahid Sediqi , a spokesman for the governor of Parwan province . In addition to the service members , the blast killed two Afghan police officers and 10 civilians . Eight others , including a child , were wounded , Sediqi said . The Taliban claimed responsibility . Children among 10 people killed by rocket attacks in Afghanistan Afghan police officer wounds 2 coalition members CNN 's Ivana Kottasova contributed to this report	The four soldiers killed were Czech nationals The soldiers were on patrol when they were attacked Official : A suicide bomber in bicycle detonated his explosives vest
Phoenix  CNN  -- An Arizona jury found Tammi Smith guilty of forgery and conspiracy to interfere with custody Thursday in the 2009 disappearance of 8-month-old Gabriel Johnson , whose whereabouts remain unknown . Smith was accused of trying to help Gabriel 's mother , Elizabeth Johnson , wrangle custody of the boy from his father , in order to adopt the little boy herself . She faces a pre-sentencing hearing in June to determine whether she will serve prison time , and formal sentencing July 6 . Smith maintains her innocence and will appeal Thursday 's verdict , her lawyer , Benjamin Taylor , told HLN 's "  Prime News . " "  We 're disappointed in the verdict and we 're going to move on with our life and go from there , " he said . Johnson is still awaiting trial on charges of kidnapping , custodial interference and child abuse . She allegedly told the father she killed the infant and put his body in a garbage bin , but later told police she drove from her home in Arizona to Texas and gave him to a couple she met in a San Antonio park . She later told police she handed over the child under Smith 's direction , and prosecutors said Smith falsely wrote the name of her cousin on a paternity document as Gabriel 's possible father . Smith maintained she did not know where the child was , and that she had nothing to do with the couple who supposedly received Gabriel . Frank McQueary , the boy 's grandfather , said the family 's hopes of finding the child alive are fading . "  Nobody has seen Gabriel for almost three years now , " McQueary told HLN . "  It 's been a long time , and I just do n't think there 's anyone out there hiding this baby at this point . " In Session 's Beth Karas contributed to this report .	Tammi Smith was accused of scheming to adopt "  Baby Gabriel " She was found guilty Thursday of conspiracy to interfere with custody and forgery The boy has never been found ; his mother faces kidnapping and child abuse charges
Editor 's note : Taresh Moore is a student at Winston Salem State University in North Carolina . The 21-year-old senior traveled to Washington , D.C. , to attend the inauguration . Alfred Bouey is a World War II veteran and a grandson of slaves . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Alfred Bouey , an 84-year-old African-American , still remembers the stories from his grandfather about the scars on his body from the beatings he took as a slave in the South . Bouey , of Oak Park , Illinois , attended Tuesday 's inauguration of President Obama . Words ca n't express his excitement and happiness about witnessing history . A World War II veteran , he never thought he would live to see a black president in America . Bouey grew up in Arkansas and saw racism firsthand . He witnessed his mother being mistreated by whites in the South , but he never saw her give up . He eventually left Arkansas for Chicago . Bouey attended the inauguration after winning Brookdale Senior Living 's Experiences of a Lifetime contest . Residents at various Brookdale Senior Living communities nationwide shared their experiences and submitted their wishes as part of the contest . Bouey shared his story and said he 'd like to be there when Obama was sworn in . "  My grandfather and grandmother were whipped and beaten , and had the scars to prove it , " he said . With CNN.com 's help , Taresh Moore spoke with Bouey about the inauguration ceremony . Below is a transcript of their interview . Moore : How are you today ? Bouey : I 'm great . I could n't feel any better right now . Moore : How did it feel to take part in this historic inauguration ? Bouey : It felt very great . I ca n't find any words to express my happiness . I am speechless and full of joy . Moore : What will you remember most about the inauguration ? Bouey : I will remember that I was actually there . I lived to see this historic event . I 'm 84 , and I had the chance to witness this . Not too many people had that opportunity , and I am honored . Moore : How did you feel when you found out that you and your family were going to Washington , D.C. , to take part in the inauguration ? Bouey : I was happy . At first when I was asked to take part in the survey , I did n't mind sharing my story because I had many stories to share . When I found out I had the opportunity to go , I was very grateful . I could n't wait to get here . Moore : Did you ever believe you would live to see an African-American president in your lifetime ? Bouey : No . I never thought I would live to see one . Growing up , my mother wanted me and my brother and sister to get an education . And we all did . An education will take you far , and we see that it did for our new president and for me . But I 'm glad I lived to see this . It 's a wonderful experience , and I am very proud of it ! Moore : How was it growing up in the South ? Bouey : I was born in Philadelphia and moved to Arkansas at the age of 1 . Growing up , everything was segregated -- in the schools , restaurants and just everywhere . Blacks could n't do this and we could n't do that . I came to the point where I got tired of it all in the South and just moved away . I moved to Chicago on June 2 , 1946 . Moore : Was it better in Chicago ? Bouey : Yes , a lot better . Better opportunities for blacks . Moore : You have lived a life that has seen the scars on the body of a former slave , who was your grandfather , to seeing America 's first African-American president all in one lifetime . How does that make you feel ? Bouey : I feel that America has come a long way . And I mean a very long way . My grandfather had scars from slavery . My mother was n't a slave , but she still was beaten in the cotton fields . Beatings did n't stop for some years after slavery . But there are no slaves now . It shows the great progress this country has made . Moore : How do you think your grandparents and mother would feel to see the first African-American president ? Bouey : I believe it would mean more to them than it means to me because of how they were treated and the hard work they put in . This would be like their reward for all of the work and suffering they endured . Others , like Martin Luther King , who I marched with , would be very happy as well . Moore : How did you feel when President Obama was first elected ? Bouey : Well , I had tears of joy on Election Night . I cried . They almost had to mop up the floor due to all of the tears that came out of my eyes . It was just a great feeling . Moore : How do you feel about President Obama and the future of America ? Bouey : I feel that America is headed in the right direction . The youth are our future , and the youth in the African-American community has a great example of a role model to look up to . Any youth from any race can look to President Obama . They do n't have to sell drugs or other bad things . Be like Obama , get an education and succeed in life . Moore : Millions of people of all races filled Washington this weekend to witness history . Of those people , many white Americans filled the city to see a black man being sworn in as president . How does that make you feel ? Bouey : I feel happy . It shows change . It 's good to see the white Americans appreciate and show love to the new president . And it 's good to see everyone come together for a special occasion . We 're all equal , no matter what color your skin is . Moore : If you could say anything to President Obama , what would it be ? Bouey : I would say job well done . Our prayers are with you . Keep your faith in God , and he 'll keep you .	Alfred Bouey , 84 , attended the inauguration of the nation 's first black president Bouey , who grew up in Arkansas , saw his mother being mistreated by whites "  It 's good to see the white Americans appreciate and show love to the new president " Bouey says , "  I am ... full of joy "
CNN  -- Over the course of my career at BP , from trainee to chief executive , I led two separate lives . The first one involved being the public face of one of the world 's largest companies . The second was my private life as a gay man . When I lied in a witness statement to protect my privacy , those two worlds collided , and I lost the career which had structured my entire professional life . I wish I had been braver to come out earlier during my tenure as CEO of BP . I regret it to this day . I wrote The Glass Closet and set up GlassCloset.org to encourage others to avoid my mistakes , and to bring their whole selves to work . That can only happen if leaders , and CEOs in particular , create a corporate environment in which people feel comfortable coming out . Here are six things they can do to smash the glass closet . 1 . Follow the leader Set a clear direction from the top . Businesses must proactively make LGBT inclusion part of the agenda of leaders , rather than delegating it to the human resources department or to a company network . Leaders should be assessed against their ability to create a sustainably inclusive working environment . As I progressed through the ranks at BP , it would have been odd for a chief executive to devote resources to LGBT inclusion . Today , it is increasingly noticeable when they do not . 2 . Be authentic Ensure positive messages are accompanied by meaningful solutions . LGBT conferences , corporate networks and Pride sponsorship are important , but they are not enough , and seldom have a long-term impact in a company . It is the job of a CEO to initiate unremitting , uncompromising and sustainable action , with targets , measurement and sanctions . That is the test of a true leader . 3 . Remember the hidden cost of hidden lives Make an effective business case . LGBT inclusion is first and foremost a human imperative . But it is also good for businesses , which suffer when employees are preoccupied by something other than their work . Peter Sands , the CEO of Standard Chartered , told me that he worries about the hidden costs of hidden lives . He is right to worry . People are happier , more productive , and make more money for their company when they can be themselves . 4 . Straight allies matter Harness the support of the straight majority . Most people are straight , and only they can create a safe space for people to come out . By creating an environment of acceptance , understanding and inclusion , the straight majority can ensure that coming out is not accompanied by the disastrous consequences which closeted employees fear . That should begin by stamping out damaging ` micro-inequalities ' , such as the assumption that every man is married to a woman , or the practice of not asking gay people about their partners in case it makes them feel uncomfortable . Small changes in behavior can an enormous signal to someone grappling with a hidden life . 5 . Celebrate role models Company policies and behavioral change can create the right space for people to come out , but role models prove that it is possible and worthwhile . That is why The Glass Closet is full of stories , and it is why I set up GlassCloset.org , where gay and straight people can share their stories of sexuality in the workplace . If closeted employees can identify with someone who has been through the closet door and succeeded , then they are more likely to let go of the fears that hold them back . At BP , I did not have an openly gay role model , nor did I have the advantage of looking to another chief executive for precedent . Without a gay role model , I failed to be one for others . 6 . Go global Look beyond your hometown . 77 countries still outlaw homosexual acts between consenting adults . Companies that are committed to LGBT diversity do not bend their policies , even in the most challenging environments . IBM , for instance , does not allow its non-discrimination policies to be adjusted in any of the 170 countries in which it operates . That sends a clear message to governments , who understand the importance of major international companies for their economies . Companies can not change the law , and LGBT employees in these countries must be mindful of the dangers they could face . But by creating a safe space for people to be open about their sexuality , wherever they are in the world , companies can help those countries to take a step in the right direction . Read more : Love wins in gay couple 's 40-year immigration fight The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Browne .	Former CEO of BP looks at the ways companies can support their gay employees Making sure people feel comfortable coming out is good for business , he says John Browne resigned as CEO after a British newspaper group outed him as a gay man
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Reclusive pop icon Michael Jackson will perform 10 concerts in London in July in what he described Thursday as a "  final curtain call . " Michael Jackson announces the London dates at the O2 Arena . The summer shows , Jackson 's first major live performances in 12 years , will take place at the 20,000-capacity O2 Arena from July 8 . Jackson , 50 , appeared in front of fans and media at the venue Thursday to announce the "  This Is It " shows . "  These will be my final shows performing in London . "  This Is It " really means this is it , " said Jackson , wearing a trademark black military-style jacket with sparkling embroidery and black sunglasses . Jackson blew kisses and saluted his fans as they chanted "  Michael ! Michael ! " "  I 'll be performing the songs my fans want to hear . I 'll see you in July and I love you so much . " Watch Michael Jackson 's announcement " Tickets for the shows will cost # 50-75  $ 70-105  and will go on sale on March 13 . Fans can pre-register to purchase tickets at www.MichaelJacksonLive.com . The O2 Arena has acquired a reputation in recent years for staging "  must-see " musical events . In 2007 it hosted Led Zeppelin 's one-off comeback gig as well as a 21-night residency by Prince . Britney Spears , the Pet Shop Boys and Lionel Richie are among performers due to play the venue this year . Event promoter Rob Hallett welcomed Jackson 's return , saying : "  We are delighted to facilitate the return of the king of pop , long may he reign ! When Michael Jackson performs the eyes of the world will be watching . " Jackson 's appearance Thursday was not as slick as some of his signature dance moves . The star was held up in traffic as he traveled from his central London hotel to the venue on a peninsula of the River Thames in southeast London . An exclusive video that was to be shown before his arrival on stage then failed to play on cue . Several hundred Jackson fans had waited up to five hours to show their support for their idol . iReport.com : Show us your Michael Jackson moves "  I 'm quite excited about him coming back , " said Lee Gibson , 36 . "  He 's got great songs despite all his issues . It 's going to be massive . " Owen Griffiths , 29 , said : "  It will be interesting to see what he does . If he puts on a good show like he used to do back in the day it will be a turning point for him just like it was for Prince here . If he 's playing a greatest hits concert I would definitely pay # 50 to see that -- so long as it 's "  Thriller " and "  Off the Wall " only . " Jackson , a child star with the Jackson Five who went on to enjoy stellar solo success with classic albums such as "  Thriller " and "  Bad , " has rarely been seen in public since he was acquitted on child molestation charges in the U.S. in 2005 . Timeline gallery of the highs and lows of Jackson 's life " Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years . Last year he sold his iconic Neverland ranch and he has spent much of his time since his acquittal living in Bahrain . The auction house , Julien 's , is selling Jackson 's Neverland property including the gates , the singer 's famed white-jeweled glove and a stretched Rolls Royce . Watch what Jackson memorabilia is being sold " Jackson has n't recorded a studio album since "  Invincible " -- his 10th solo record -- in 2001 . His last major series of concerts was a world tour to promote the "  HiStory " album in 1996 and 1997 . "  Thriller , " released in 1982 and containing classic Jackson hits such as "  Beat It , " "  Billie Jean " and the title track , is the best-selling album of all time . Jackson is estimated to have sold more than 750 million albums in total .	Michael Jackson announces 10 concerts at London 's O2 Arena Jackson called the performances a "  final curtain call " Reclusive star rarely seen since acquittal on child molestation charges in 2005 Rumors of financial difficulties , health problems have swirled around star
After 19 years of marriage , Chris Rock has filed for divorce . But unlike his trenchant standup routines , where he often poked fun at marriage , the comedian is being tight-lipped about the reason . "  This is a personal matter and Chris requests privacy as he and Malaak work through this process and focus on their family , " his representative said in a statement Sunday . Malaak is Malaak Compton-Rock , the mother of Rock 's two girls , 12-year-old Lola Simone and 10 year-old Zahra Savannah . "  After much contemplation and 19 years of marriage , Chris and I have decided to go our separate ways , " Compton-Rock said in a statement , People reported . "  My children remain at the center of my life , and their well-being is my top priority . It is in this spirit that I sincerely ask that their privacy and the privacy of our family be respected during this transition in our lives . " In his comedy acts , Rock has been brutally incisive about marriage -- as he is about all other issues . But Rock 's divorce might not come as a surprise to his fans . "  Marriage is so tough , man , " he once said . "  Nelson Mandela got divorced . He got out of jail after 27 years of torture , spent six months with his wife and said , ' I ca n't take this -LSB- expletive -RSB- no more . ' "	Chris Rock and Malaak Compton-Rock have two daughters together Rock often poked fun at marriage in his comedy routines
CNN  -- On a small tennis court in the Netherlands , love took center-stage . It had all the ingredients of a romantic fairytale -- the nervous suitor down on one knee in front of a crowd of strangers , hoping that months of planning would win the heart of the girl of his dreams . "  I did n't cry once when I practiced it in front of the mirror , it was the nerves that kicked in when I went on the court , " Martin Emmrich , a doubles specialist seeking to find his life partner , told CNN 's Open Court show . "  I was very afraid that I would n't find any words . " The German had met his love at the same tournament 12 months earlier -- but apart from that , the venue did n't hold great memories for her . "  She fainted once on that court , had a knee injury on that court , " Emmrich explains . Fast forward to June 2014 , and Michaella Krajicek had just won her opening match of the Topshelf Open , which hosts both men 's and women 's competitions , when Emmrich made his big move . To her surprise , Emmrich came onto the grass with a microphone in hand . "  I thought , ` Uh-oh it 's going to happen now , I ca n't believe it ! ' " recalls the Dutchwoman , younger sister of former Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek . "  I was standing there sweaty and wrapped in a tournament towel ... It was really romantic . " Five months of scheming , having involved the tournament 's director three days beforehand , finally paid off as Krajicek said "  Yes . " "  I saw some players with tears in their eyes , " Emmrich says . "  Everybody came up and said I have big balls . It 's a big step , and doing it on such a stage ... " A wedding had been on their minds for a long time -- three months into the relationship , they were already talking about taking home the biggest trophy of their lives . By January of this year , Emmrich was already planning how he would propose to his partner . "  I wrote down three papers , corrected them all , practiced 30-40 times in the bathroom , " he says . In a moment that Emmrich can only describe as "  magic , " Krajicek took his hand , hugged him and said yes -- to the cheers of joy ringing down from the stands . Krajicek says she had "  no idea " how Emmrich and his few accomplices managed to surprise her . They are partners both on and off the court , playing in mixed doubles competitions together . "  I go on court , I still love him obviously , but it 's business for me , " says Krajicek . For Emmrich , who has won three men 's doubles titles with a highest world ranking of 35th last year , the chance to play with her adds another dimension to touring life . "  I totally enjoy it . I feel I am playing more free and easy than actual doubles , " says the 29-year-old . Although their engagement was broadcast the world over , they are in no rush to get married , with their busy tennis schedules taking priority . Immediately after the tournament in Rosmalen they headed to Wimbledon , losing in the second round to a pairing that went on to win the title . "  There 's not too many weeks where we are both actually off , " says Krajicek . The 25-year-old , who has won three singles titles on the WTA Tour and six in doubles , says she has plenty to achieve on-court before starting to think about having a family . A former junior world No. 1 -- she won the U.S. Open girls ' title in 2004 -- Krajicek is now ranked outside the top 200 after struggling with health problems in 2012-13 , but was as high as 30th at the end of her teenage years . She has recently had more success in doubles , reaching three WTA finals this year -- including Rosmalen . "  For now we just enjoy life and each other , and then everything else comes automatically , " Emmrich says . Krajicek adds : "  We understand that it 's part of it and in five years we will enjoy each other for the rest of our lives , so it 's just the way it has to be . "	Martin Emmrich proposed to his girlfriend on court at Dutch tournament Michaella Krajicek was able to make a new memory at venue where she had suffered in past The couple are partners in mixed doubles competitions
CNN  -- Whether it is Nairobi , Dubai or London , a major airport is the heart to an economy -- especially one dependent on exports and tourism . Kenya is dependent on both , after it worked over the last decade to become , in particular , a major tea and flower exporter . A third of all flowers in Europe come from Kenya , with a special emphasis on rose production . And nearly everyone has come across Kenyan green beans , whether you live in Europe , the Middle East or Asia . Read more : Kenya airport resuming some flights after massive fire Jomo Kenyatta is the busiest airport in East Africa and the fourth busiest in sub-Sahara Africa , with six and a half million passengers . Kenyan authorities are working to normalize operations as quickly as possible , with a sizable effort to shift international traffic into the domestic terminal so flights from outside Africa can re-start Thursday . Watch more : Firefighters battle huge blaze Jane Ngige , CEO of the Kenya Flower Council , told CNN this is the low season for flower exports , and therefore there is not a warehousing overflow yet . She has advised growers to hold back the cutting of their products until there is clarity at Kenyatta airport . The other two airports -- Mombassa on the East coast and Kisumu in the West -- do n't have the refrigeration capacity to manage Kenya 's export requirements , she told CNN . Kenya is East Africa 's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market . Tea , horticulture and tourism all bring in about $ 1 billion in revenue each year . Read more : How African innovation can take on the world Tour operators have been dealing with a whole series of setbacks to the country 's image . Al-Shabaab militants have crossed over the border into Kenya from Somalia and Nairobi has tried to take a tough line in its counter-terror efforts . The lead-up to the presidential election provided its own element of uncertainty and violence , not entirely unusual on the continent . Read more : Obama pledges $ 7 billion to upgrade power in Africa A major fire at an airport hub creates its own is a logistical nightmare , but this leads to the question whether there was any link to the U.S. embassy bombing which took place 15 years ago to the day . The mere sight of these pictures may make those with bookings think twice , ahead of the prime season for safaris in world renowned locations such as the Massai Mara National Game Reserve . Watch more : Welcome to Kenya The Kenyan Tourism Board says the country attracted 1.78 million visitors last year , with revenues of just over $ 1 billion , but the ambitious target to three million may need to be re-worked depending on how long the rebuilding of the terminal takes and what a follow up investigation uncovers . President Uhuru Kenyatta will need to move swiftly to allay fears of on-going disruption to tourism or commerce . The major Gulf carriers have not hesitated to blaze new trails into East Africa using Jomo Kenyatta as their hub . Emirates , Etihad and Qatar Airways are all running daily flights , trying to tap not only the tourism market but to forge new trade ties into one of the fastest growing regions of the world . In statement , Dubai 's carrier said , "  Emirates is closely monitoring the situation and regrets the inconvenience caused to customers . " It has suspended its flights until further notice . Etihad is hoping to fly Thursday with a larger plane to accommodate those stranded on Wednesday .	Kenya is East Africa 's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market Tea , horticulture and tourism all bring in about $ 1 billion in revenue to the Kenyan economy each year Kenyan authorities are working to normalize operations as quickly as possible with a sizable effort
CNN  -- Since 1999 , it has greeted visitors to San Francisco while standing as a symbol of the Bay Area 's status as a tech hub : A Yahoo billboard , retro-styled to look like a 1960s-era motel sign , with the tag line , "  A nice place to stay on the Internet . " Now , it 's finally coming down . According to a report in the San Francisco Egotist , a sales manager for Clear Channel Outdoor in San Francisco has confirmed the billboard space will be available for new ads starting December 1 . Some bloggers are already speculating that a more of-the-moment Bay Area tech company , such as Facebook or Google , may take its place . The neon Yahoo billboard near the onramp to eastbound I-80 is a holdover from the dot-com boom of the late 1990s and inspired sister billboards in New York City and Los Angeles . It has outlasted four Yahoo CEOs , most recently Carol Bartz . The billboard 's space entertained passing motorists with such messages as , "  FREE E-MAIL . ALL U CAN EAT BUFFET " and "  YOU LOOK CUTE TODAY . " The inevitable Save the Yahoo! Billboard page has already sprung up on Facebook , where it had amassed more than 800 likes as of early Friday afternoon .	A famous Yahoo billboard in San Francisco may come down by next month The retro-themed billboard was erected in 1999 during the dot-com boom
CNN  Mischief managed : Harry Potter fans were spellbound this week after the release of four new images from the new fully illustrated edition of the first book , "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone . " Publishing companies Scholastic and Bloomsbury UK offered a sneak peek at how Hogwarts mainstays Rubeus Hagrid , Hermione Granger , Ron Weasley and Draco Malfoy will look in the book come its October 6 release . The images were done by Jim Kay , who has won a Kate Greenaway Medal for his illustrations in Patrick Ness ' fantasy novel "  A Monster Calls . " "  To be given the opportunity to design the characters , the clothing , the architecture and landscapes to possibly the most expansive fantasy world in children 's literature , well let 's just say I 'm extremely excited about it , " Kay said in a release . "  The story is everything , and so I want to bring what I can to really show the depth of Rowling 's stories , to their best . " The exceedingly popular wizarding series by J.K. Rowling has sold more than 450 million copies worldwide since the first book was released in the UK in 1997 . One can only expect that number to grow as publishing companies around the world bring all seven installments -- one each year , according to Scholastic -- to life with fully illustrated editions .	Official illustrations of four main "  Harry Potter " characters have been released The first illustrated copy will be released October 6 The series has sold more than 450 million copies worldwide
Washington  CNN  -- The head of the Transportation Security Administration  TSA  on Friday gave the nation 's 40,000-plus airport screeners the opportunity to engage in limited collective bargaining , pressing ahead on a hot-button issue that has separated Republicans and Democrats since the creation of the TSA after the 2001 terrorist attacks . When Congress created the TSA in 2003 , it gave the administrator the authority to decide whether or not screeners should be allowed to engage in collective bargaining . Bush administration TSA chiefs opted not to endorse bargaining , saying it would impede their ability to protect the public . On Friday , TSA Administrator John Pistole announced he would allow airport screeners to select a union for collective bargaining , or to forgo bargaining . In a statement , Pistole said sitting down at a bargaining table with screeners would not jeopardize the nation . "  The safety of the traveling public is our top priority and we will not negotiate on security , " Pistole said . Indeed , the paper outlining his decision precludes negotiations on security policies , pay , pensions and compensation , proficiency testing , job qualifications and discipline standards . It also will prohibit screeners from striking or engaging in work slowdowns . The announcement gives added weight to a recent Federal Labor Relations Authority decision to allow a vote granting sole union representation authority to a single union . The FLRA has tentatively scheduled a vote for March 9 through April 19 to determine which union will represent airport screeners . It will also give the screeners the option of having no union represent them . The unions vying for the job are the American Federation of Government Employees , part of the AFL-CIO , and the National Treasury Employees Union . Both unions called Pistole 's decision good news . Congressional reaction fell along party lines . "  I want to commend Administrator Pistole for taking this positive step , " said Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee . "  Collective bargaining does not diminish our security -- it can actually enhance workforce productivity and TSA 's mission . " Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , called the move "  President Obama 's biggest give to organized labor . " During the formation of the TSA , Congress limited airport screener 's unionization powers , saying managers needed flexibility to address changing terrorist threats . Bush administration officials later cited the 2006 liquid bomb plot , when the TSA rapidly changed restrictions to prevent terrorists from smuggling explosive liquids on passenger aircraft . TSA officials say they did not have to consult with union representatives before changing screening protocols and work hours . But supporters of collective bargaining powers say that numerous other law enforcement agencies have broad union rights that do not hinder security . As a presidential candidate , Barack Obama promised to support collective bargaining for airport screeners . In a letter to a union chief just two weeks before the 2008 election , Obama wrote that if he was elected , "  I will work to ensure that TSOs -LSB- Transportation Security Officers -RSB- have collective bargaining rights . " He said he would make it a "  priority for my administration . "	TSA will allow screeners option of collective bargaining rights But screeners wo n't be able to negotiate on many issues Matter has been long debated in Congress
CNN  -- Manchester City have given another signal of their intent to wrest the English Premier League title back from neighbors Manchester United with the signing of Brazilian Fernandinho . The midfielder has joined the 2012 champions from Shakhtar Donetsk for a reported fee of Ã‚ # 30 million  $ 48m  . Fernandinho , 28 , has five caps for his country and has played in the last eight European Champions League campaigns for the Ukrainian club . He told City 's official club website : "  This is a change , a challenge and a chance that I have been waiting a long time for . Playing in the Premier League is like a dream . "  My ambition here is to win all the titles , the team here is strong , and so is the greatness of the club and the supporters . "  Professionally this is a spectacular thing . Playing for a huge club in a huge league makes me so happy . I hope I will be able to repay City for what they have done for me . "  I know I will face challenges but I am prepared for them . Every player at a high level faces pressure and must respond and I am ready for that too . I know a lot about City . "  Ever since they expressed an interest in me , I have been learning more . " Fernandinho was an integral part of the Shakhtar side that won the 2009 UEFA Cup , and he also helped them to the quarterfinals of the Champions League in the 2010/11 season . He won six Ukrainian league titles with the club and four Ukrainian cup crowns . His last cap for Brazil came in a friendly with Bosnia and Herzegovina back in February 2012 but he has not featured under new national team coach Luiz Felipe Scolari . City finished a distant second to Manchester United in the race for the Premier League title and the club sacked manager Roberto Mancini last month . Former Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini is expected to take over at the club after he left Malaga at the end of the Spanish season . City are also expected to tie up the signing of Spain international Jesus Navas in the coming days . The Sevilla winger was quoted as saying the Spanish press that his move was imminent . He said : "  It 's a good project and it was the moment to make the step . It was my choice . I 'm very happy with the decision . We 've been talking with Manchester City for four months . "  The Premier League is a competition where the football is very fast . I 'm really looking forward to it . Manchester City are making a great team . "	Manchester City announces the signing of Brazil international Fernandinho The 28-year-old joins from Ukranian club Shakhtar Donetsk for a reported $ 48m Fernandinho has five international caps for Brazil and joined Shakhtar in 2006
CNN  -- As the United States commemorates a decade since one of the most tragic days in its history , there will be plenty of television programming to mark the occasion . Beyond the news coverage of the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks , there are more than 40 specials , documentaries and other shows planned . The programs seemingly cover every aspect , from Animal Planet 's "  Saved , " about how the bonds with their pets helped two New York City families cope with 9/11 , to Paul McCartney 's documentary "  The Love We Make , " about the benefit concert he organized after the tragedy . The latter was only recently completed and will air on Showtime . And McCartney wo n't be the only famous face weighing in . "  Access Hollywood " will offer reflections from celebrities , and BIO will offer "  When Pop Culture Saved America , " a two-hour documentary examining how "  Comedians , singers , actors , entertainers all did their part with concerts , telethons and specials to help bring the nation back to the new normal . " David Bushman , a curator with The Paley Center for Media in New York City , said the amount of programming is to be expected , given the magnitude of the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon in Washington , D.C. "  It 's such a major event and story in our history that it 's very hard to ignore it and seem relevant , " he said . "  And yet there are lots of things that are difficult about it . One of the things , as crass as it sounds , is how do you do something that is distinctive from everyone else . " In the week leading up to the anniversary , CNN will feature four hourlong documentaries : "  Footnotes of 9/11 , " in which investigative correspondent Drew Griffin chronicles eight people mentioned in "  The 9/11 Commission Report " ; "  Dr. Sanjay Gupta Reports : Terror in the Dust , " which will examine the health effects of the attacks on responders ; the Soledad O'Brien-helmed "  Beyond Bravery : The Women of 9/11 " ; and a special CNN/Time/HBO presentation : "  Beyond 9/11 : Portraits of Resilience . " At NBC , "  Today " will have coverage in the days leading up to September 11 , and the network will air a "  Children of 9/11 " special on September 5 and "  America Remembers " on the anniversary . MSNBC will offer "  Days of Destruction -- Decade of War , " about how the country has changed , and Fox will have a two-hour special on the rebuilding of ground zero titled "  Fox News Reporting : Freedom Rising with Shepard Smith . " The Discovery Channel will feature the Steven Spielberg-produced documentary "  Rising : Rebuilding Ground Zero , " and the Spanish network Telemundo will broadcast a five-hour show from that location . Even children 's network Nickelodeon will feature "  Nick News with Linda Ellerbee : What Happened ? The Story of September 11 , 2001 " to explain the events to its viewers , some of whom were n't even born when the tragedy occurred . The National Geographic Channel will feature a week of programming starting August 28 , including an exclusive sit-down with former President George W. Bush , who was in office on 9/11 . Michael Cascio , senior vice president of production for the channel , said the abundance of programming just makes sense . "  Seems to me you probably could do more than a week and still not get at all of the issues and angles we need to get at , " he said . "  We 're actually concerned about making sure the viewer has enough information and a depth of it . " Robert J. Thompson , founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University , said such coverage is easily planned , as the anniversary is expected . "  You ca n't predict a tsunami , but anniversaries are kind of like royal weddings in that you know when they are going to happen and you can put them together , " he said . "  And let 's face it , this programming is for the most part relatively inexpensive to do . It 's playing clips and putting stuff together and all the rest of it . " Anniversaries have always been important culturally , he said , and he points to the World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893 , which famously celebrated the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus ' arrival in the New World . Coverage of anniversaries has exploded , in part because of cable television , Thompson said . "  There are so many hours of cable television to fit this stuff into , " he said . "  Where it used to be you might recognize a special , but when there were only three networks , there were n't that many hours to fit it in . " Blogger Kelly West wonders how much coverage viewers can take . She wrote an article , "  September 11th Tenth Anniversary TV Specials Scheduled : How Much Will You Watch ? " for the site Cinema Blend , and said she hopes networks respect the commemoration . "  How much coverage we expose ourselves to and how we want to acknowledge the anniversary is our choice , " West said in an e-mail to CNN . "  The advertisements for these programs could present an issue , however . " "  With so many 9/11 programs scheduled to air , I would hope that the networks take a tactful , respectful approach to letting people know what they have available , " she added . "  9/11 is n't ` Shark Week ' or some event that needs to be hyped up and sold to people in the days leading up to the anniversary . " At least one television drama will offer its interpretation of the painful look back . On September 7 , The FX series "  Rescue Me " will end its run after seven seasons . The show was inspired by the events of 9/11 and followed the lives of New York City firefighters . The series star and co-creator , Denis Leary , told Canada 's Postmedia News that the timing fit . "  There 's a natural summing up , of having the guys stop and think about where they are , " Leary said . "  There are going to be memorials . We have to deal with 9/11 again . So it was only natural to end it this way . "	Television will mark the anniversary of September 11 with more than 40 programs The shows will lead up to and encompass 9/11 The FX drama "  Rescue Me , " inspired by 9/11 events , will end 4 days before the anniversary
CANKIRI , Turkey  CNN  -- In the searing heat of an Anatolian afternoon , work continues busily on the vast building site that fills an entire block of Cankiri 's otherwise quiet town center . Polls suggest the Erdogan 's AKP is heading for another victory . A massive Western-style shopping complex is rising from the ground . Next the local mayor , Irfan Dinc , has plans for a smart new bus terminal on the outskirts of this small regional capital a couple of hours north of Ankara . Designated a "  preferential province , " investors in Cankiri already receive lucrative tax breaks . Now Dinc hopes to tap into European Union funds as part of his efforts to put the town on the map . "  Cankiri is generally known for being a rural , modest province , " Dinc tells CNN . "  But we are becoming more integrated . We are connecting Cankiri to the rest of the world . " Cankiri is typical of the Turkish provincial towns and regions that are beginning to emerge from the shadow of Istanbul and Ankara driven by surging economic growth -- and the sort of place where campaigning ahead of Sunday 's parliamentary elections is at its most fierce . Yet the issue that forced Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan into early elections showed how fragile Turkey 's young democracy can still be -- and how a dispute in Ankara 's corridors of power can still tip the entire country into political crisis . Erdogan 's critics in Turkey 's traditional establishment accuse his Justice and Development Party  AKP  of Islamist tendencies and of plotting to dilute the secularist principles of the modern Turkish republic , as laid down by the country 's revered founder , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . That came to a head in April when the government nominated the country 's foreign minister , Abdullah Gul , for the presidency . The fact that Gul 's wife chooses to wear a headscarf prompted a secularist outcry , with opposition lawmakers backed by the constitutional court blocking the nomination , millions protesting in Ankara , Istanbul and Izmir and even the leaders of the army -- the traditional defenders of secularism -- issuing an e-mail in which they stated their readiness to intervene in the event of the election of a president not to their tastes . In Cankiri , it is hard to see how the headscarf could have become such a potent political symbol . Many women here chose to wear them , but plenty of others do n't and life continues harmoniously as it has done for decades in this culturally conservative country . Suat Kiniklioglu , a local AKP parliamentary candidate and one of a new breed of technocratic young politicians attracted by the party 's modernizing instincts , told CNN the real divide in Turkey was between "  those who want the old order to continue and those who want the old order to change . " He argues it has been the AKP -- rather than the main opposition Republican Party  CHP  led by veteran politician Deniz Baykal , the self-styled defenders of Ataturk 's legacy -- that has argued for closer integration with the European Union and for a globalizing drive that has brought visible benefits to places like Cankiri . "  We represent the people who believe Turkey should open up and that the old ways of doing things no longer work for us . We do not reject secularism -- we just argue for a more user-friendly secularism . We do not think it should matter if a woman chooses to wear a headscarf . " Final polls ahead of Sunday 's vote suggest the AKP is heading for another victory , but this is not a straightforward election . The party still faces the job of electing a president and has vowed to press ahead with constitutional changes to prevent a similar crisis occurring again . But without securing an unlikely two-thirds majority , it could find itself blocked by its parliamentary opponents just as easily after the elections as before them . And while the CHP is not expected to get the votes it needs to form a government , the secular establishment remains a dominating presence in Turkish politics , notably through its close ties to the army , which has acted four times since 1960 to bring down governments of which it disapproved . Also damaging for the AKP has been a surge in Turkish nationalism , largely on the back of reaction against regular terrorist attacks by the PKK which have led military chiefs to call for action against Kurdish Northern Iraq . That feeling has been capitalized on effectively by the Nationalist Party  MHP  , which may well achieve the 10 percent share of the vote necessary to enter parliament , further shifting the political balance of power . Particularly successful in rural areas , the MHP is challenging strongly in Cankiri -- an AKP stronghold -- to win a place on the list of three MPs the province will send to parliament . For Ibrahim Kalin , an Ankara-based political analyst and newspaper columnist , the main question surrounding Sunday 's vote is not who will win , but whether Turkey can return to anything approaching normal politics after a bitterly polarized campaign . "  Politicians are ruining Turkish democracy , they are ruining people 's trust in politics , they are ruining people 's faith in politicians , " Kalin told CNN . "  There needs to be a little more calmness , a little bit more of a sense of responsibility for the immediate future . I 'm talking two weeks down the road when they come back to parliament and you have a country to run . They have to make some compromises and compromises I think have to begin now . " E-mail to a friend	PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan was forced into early elections ; new poll on Sunday Many parts of Turkey are seeing impressive economic progress Erdogan 's critics argue his AKP party has Islamist tendencies Final polls suggest the AKP is heading for another victory
CNN  -- Even before the NBA announced it was banning Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling from the league for life , sports fans had begun speculating about which billionaire would swoop in to buy the team . Rumors are swirling about the possible interest of "  Magic " Johnson , Sean "  Diddy " Combs and Oscar De La Hoya , each potential celebrity owner no doubt more popular than the incumbent . Or perhaps , it is said , a group of virtuous billionaires , the likes of Oprah Winfrey , Larry Ellison and David Geffen , will charitably unite to rescue the franchise for the City of Angels . Here instead is my modest proposal : Sell the team to the people , to thousands of fans themselves , as shareholders . Then the Clippers would be owned not by a single incredibly wealthy patron whom we might admire or might detest , but by Americans of all races , ethnicities , religions , ages and backgrounds . As a loyal fan of the Green Bay Packers  disclosure : My wife , Callista , and I own a single Packers share and our daughter Kathy and son-in-law Paul each have one , too  , I have a particular attachment to this model of ownership for professional sports teams . There is something strange about the prevailing model of teams as the ultimate billionaire 's toy . That 's because a professional sports team often seems like a public institution . Its logo adorns every head on the street . The jerseys of its players are sold on every corner , its apparel in every airport gift store . The mayor and the governor make frequent reference to its fortunes in their public appearances . They parade in ceremoniously to throw out the first pitch or to sit in judgment on the sidelines . And the people , for their part , are outraged when the team does n't perform well ; they demand management changes as if management requires the consent of the entertained . And perhaps the people do have some claim : As taxpayers , they lavish financial assistance upon their team , pouring resources into public safety for the games and constructing the opulent stadiums their champions deserve . Because it is , after all , the people 's team . It is their team -- the fans ' team -- in every regard except the one that matters . At the bottom of it all , it is really the billionaire 's team -- an amateur , an enthusiast , whose whims , finances , prejudices and personal foibles can hold outsize influence on the fortunes of his or her franchise . Clippers fans were reminded of that fact rather crudely this week . What better response than to fix it once and for all , by selling the team straight to the fans , as a not-for-profit like the Packers , with a board of directors , and a strong general manager and president ? The right thing to do , I think , is to give it to the people . Green Bay , not billionaires , is the model .	Billionaires are reported to be interested in buying L.A. Clippers if team put up for sale Newt Gingrich : The team should be sold as a nonprofit to the fans , like Green Bay Packers He says sports teams are public in every way except their ownership Gingrich : Public builds many stadiums , provides services , has big interest in teams
CNN  -- When it comes to reality competition shows , it seems less is not more . "  Project Runway , " which will feature 90-minute-long episodes when Season 8 kicks off tonight , is the latest series in its genre to adopt a longer run time . It follows in the footsteps of other elimination shows like "  The Biggest Loser " and "  The Celebrity Apprentice " -- both of which switched from 60-minute to 120-minute episodes within the past two years . So what is it about elimination shows that draws viewers to the tube for hours at a time , or , in the case of "  American Idol " and "  So You Think You Can Dance , " multiple times a week ? "  Because of the structure of competition reality shows , people have an incentive to stick around to the end to see who gets eliminated , " said Andy Dehnart , the editor of Reality Blurred . "  But that does n't mean the preceding 90 or 120 minutes have been full of worthwhile content . " While a show like "  The Apprentice " easily fills a two-hour time slot with complicated tasks , other competition shows struggle to keep viewers engaged , Dehnart says . It 's all about leaving viewers wanting more . For example , he says , " ` Survivor ' tribal councils last for 45 minutes or an hour in real life , but much more than 10 minutes on screen would probably be too much , since not all of that conversation is compelling or consequential . " Sara Rea , the executive producer of "  Project Runway , " which follows aspiring fashion designers as they compete for a cash prize , agrees -- noting that 7 hour long shoots are often edited down to 20 or 30 minutes of footage . "  120 minutes is a huge commitment , " Rea said . "  This -LSB- 90 minutes -RSB- just felt more like a natural progression -- to give you more , but still leave you wanting more . " The extra time will allow viewers to get to know the characters better , Rea added . "  More character development makes the show pop . " "  The real people aspect is a draw , " said J.D. Roth , executive producer and creator of "  The Biggest Loser . " "  I know what a scripted character is going to do , I do n't know what a real person is going to do . " It 's sometimes hard for viewers to identify with a scripted character , whereas they can watch a reality show and say , ` My mother is just that woman , ' or ` My brother is like that guy , ' Roth says . The moral of the story : Longer episodes mean more time to explore each of the characters . That 's what viewers want , he said . They want to see "  who these people are . " This is n't news to reality TV expert and author of "  Uberstar , " Vaughn Alaine-Marshall , who says viewers ca n't help but stay tuned when they become attached to the contestants . " ` American Idol , ' ` Project Runway ' -- the professions these people are tying to be a part of are quite prestigious , " he said . "  Very few people have the talent or the courage to actually become -LSB- musicians and clothing designers -RSB- . People want to see someone like them achieve these things . " And it 's a win-win , Alaine-Marshall said . The longer "  American Idol " is on , the more ads they sell . It 's financially beneficial . But , he said , it 's only reality competition shows that this applies to . "  The difference from these shows compared to ` The Real World , ' ` The Hills ' -LSB- and -RSB- ` Jersey Shore ' is there 's an extra tension in the drama -- someone like you could be humiliated in front of tens of millions of people . ... There 's a very fine line between someone you feel complete empathy for and someone you 're willing to laugh at , " Alaine-Marshall said . "  Could you watch ` The Situation ' for more than 40 minutes ? -LSB- No . -RSB- But for something like ` Project Runway , ' with skill and endeavor , people want to look behind the curtain . " And while the elimination aspect might be reason enough to tune in for some viewers , Roth said the appeal of such shows is very much embedded in the format and the overall process . "  If -LSB- people -RSB- have to watch too intently , you can only do that for an hour or so . " With reality competition shows , you can read the newspaper or leave the room for a minute , come back and still be able to follow along , he added , joking that , during the "  Lost " finale , "  I had to sit there with a piece of paper ... to keep track of what was going on . " One viewer who could n't wait for longer episodes of "  Project Runway " is Laura Kluvo , who blogs about the show . "  I love the challenges , " Kluvo said . "  I love to see the designers work their way through these challenges -- each with their own set of skills , talents and personalities . " Kluvo agreed with producer Rea that longer episodes mean more of an opportunity for fans to learn about the contestants . "  You have your favorites that you root for , and usually somebody that you do n't like , " Kluvo laughed . "  You watch waiting for them to get what they deserve . " But it 's not just the contestants on reality competition shows like "  Project Runway , " "  American Idol " and "  Top Chef " that keep Kluvo glued to the tube for hours . "  Sometimes I watch a drama and I feel depressed ... I have enough to deal with in life . I do n't want to feel unhappy or depressed after watching TV , " she said . "  I want to feel like I had an adventure . I saw the problem , I saw the problem solved , I saw someone win . " Despite the seemingly foolproof format of reality competition shows , Dehnart of Reality Blurred says a scripted series could easily hold our attention for more than 44 minutes -- though they usually do n't . "  It just takes skillful storytelling and a strong arc , " he said .	"  Project Runway " will feature 90-minute episodes when Season 8 kicks off Thursday "  The Biggest Loser , " "  The Celebrity Apprentice " switched to 120-minute episodes It 's the structure of competition reality shows that keep people watching , expert says
Jacmel , Haiti  CNN  -- Much was lost in the town of Jacmel , Haiti 's cultural center . The nation 's only film school has lost two buildings . The huge , colorful paper mache floats for Carnival , just 10 days away , are crushed . The mountains of sheet music for the classes at Ecole Musique are scattered in the rubble of a street named La Berenthe , the labyrinth . It 's estimated 10 percent of the town 's residents have perished . And with them they took a country 's film festival , its music studios , the paintings and masks that draw tourists and Haitians to this seaside town of 40,000 . Left behind are crushed limbs and brain injuries , nursed in an open-air hospital that replaced the real one . Cuban doctors had been working with Haitians when the earthquake hit , and they have continued their collaboration outside . "  Where there is life , there is hope , " says Dr. Silda Del Torro of Cuba while standing over a 4-year-old girl who has drifted in and out of consciousness . iReport : Looking for loved ones Del Torro says the head injuries are very hard to treat under these conditions , and she worries they will be left with crippling injuries , or worse . The doctors working in the open air also fear they have reached the limits of their abilities . They are n't orthopedists or anesthesiologists , and some patients with crushed limbs are developing gangrene . There are surgeries that need to be done . This seaside town is just over an hour 's drive from the epicenter of the earthquake . It has an airport and a port that bring in tourists . But much of the growing international relief effort has been focused on Port-au-Prince until now . The residents dug out trapped neighbors largely on their own for days . But intrepid Jacmel residents got out word they needed help through the Internet , texts , Facebook and YouTube . Latest updates | Twitter | Full coverage The Cine Institute was left homeless , but its young filmmakers pulled their equipment from the rocks and moved into a building next to the airport . They set up generators , powered up laptops and started moving visual images across oceans in a cry for help . "  We just got the information out . Our filmmakers just went out and started shooting and sent it away even as their own families were being affected , their homes being lost , " said David Belle , institute director . Their plea was heard , and Colombia rescue workers arrived just in time to pull a child from the rubble . The Chileans sent doctors . Sri Lanka sent security . The French assembled a clinic where parents had dug for a trapped child unsuccessfully for days . Canada brought in the big guns -- a Navy ship and Army helicopter with engineers and supplies . Impact Your World "  We brought in light engineering equipment , drills , the jaws of life , anything that can be carried portably , " said Robert Brown , a naval commander from Halifax , Canada . The United States joined the effort Tuesday , announcing they will fly in C130s with supplies that will assist the Canadians in making Jacmel 's airport the center of the rescue efforts to southern provinces not touched by the aid sent to Port-au-Prince . High-resolution images of damage But this town needs so much more than just immediate relief . The days without aid wore down their psyche and hampered relief efforts . "  We could have saved so many more people with these guys , " remarked a film student as he watched the French set up tents and begin treating a growing line of wounded . Yards away , a teenager music student searches for his flute in the remains of his flattened house . So many of the colorful buildings are crushed and damaged . So much of the artistry that made Jacmel special is gone .	Jacmel , seaside town of 40,000 about hour from Port-au-Prince , is Haiti 's cultural capital An estimated 10 percent of the town 's residents were killed in the quake The town has also lost its cultural buildings , paintings and masks that drew tourists Young filmmakers put skills to work , get the word out of Jacmel 's plight
CNN  -- The recent ordeal of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag , a Sudanese mother and wife of an American citizen -- coupled with Iran 's continued imprisonment of Saeed Abedini , also an American citizen and a pastor -- should awaken our conscience to one grim and inescapable fact : The persecution of Christians continues . Charged with leaving Islam to marry a Christian , despite being raised a Christian and remaining one throughout her 27 years , Meriam was sentenced to death last month for apostasy . After an international outcry , she was released , rearrested , and released again , according to the U.S. State Department . In Sudan and Iran , as well as countries like Saudi Arabia , leaders and movements impose their own extreme interpretations of Islam , while restricting the rights of Christians and other religious minorities . Elsewhere in the Middle East , mass violence as well as repression arises from such movements . In Iraq and Syria , forces of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  commit horrific abuses against Christians and others , from torture to murder . In Egypt , scores of churches and other Christian structures were burned by radicals last autumn following President Mohamed Morsy 's fall . While Christians faced repression under prior regimes like Hosni Mubarak 's , their predicament has worsened in a post-Arab Spring world . 7 terrible countries for Christians With media attention riveted on the Middle East , it is tempting to assume that persecution against Christians occurs almost exclusively in that region . But assaults against Christians are worldwide , transcending any one regional , ideological , or religious bent . Combating this problem entails a much broader solution . According to the findings of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom  USCIRF  , evidence abounds of persecution elsewhere . In Myanmar  also known as Burma  , with a Buddhist majority and a struggling democracy , ethnic-minority Christians , along with Rohingya Muslims , have faced ongoing abuses . Last year , during military incursions in Kachin state , as many as 60 churches were shelled . Military forces have beaten and arrested Christian leaders and kidnapped church members for forced labor . In China , the world 's most populous nation , Catholics and Protestants refusing to register with the communist dictatorship face arrests and fines , and their churches are shuttered . China 's government has issued a directive to "  eradicate " unregistered Protestant churches over the next decade , and even registered churches have recently been bulldozed in Zhejiang province . In Eritrea , a military regime jails up to 3,000 people , mostly evangelical or Pentecostal Christians , on religious grounds . Prisoners have been beaten and tortured . In interviews with USCIRF , released prisoners reported being confined in 20-foot metal shipping containers with extreme temperature fluctuations . In India , the world 's largest democracy , Christians face harassment and violence , especially in states with laws restricting religious conversion from Hinduism . In Nigeria , the central government fails to protect Christians , as well as Muslims , from Boko Haram terrorism . In North Korea , a totalitarian tyranny with a cult of personality venerating the ruling Kim family , the government imprisons , tortures , and executes Christians caught transporting Bibles or engaging in missionary endeavors or other banned activities . North Koreans who flee for China and then convert to Christianity are in grave danger when forcibly returned . Punishment includes beatings , torture , forced labor , sexual violence , and forced abortions or infanticide . In Pakistan , Christians face a government that can imprison them unjustly under blasphemy laws while failing to protect them from attacks or punish their attackers . Last September , suicide bombers launched the worst assault against Christians in Pakistan 's history , leaving , according to conservative estimates , at least 80 dead and more than 150 other parishioners wounded at a Peshawar church . In Vietnam , a communist government suppresses independent Protestants and other groups operating without government approval . The regime seeks to stop their growth through discrimination , violence , and forced renunciations of faith . Opinion : Extremism fuels abuse of Christians in Mideast And in a host of post-Soviet countries , Christians in unregistered churches are seriously constrained . In several of these countries , including Uzbekistan , individuals are in prison for belonging to such churches . Abuses against Christians span the globe . A key reason is the confluence of two factors . First , there are more than 2 billion Christians in the world . Second , according to a Pew Research study , in one-third of all nations , containing 75 % of the world 's people , governments either perpetrate or tolerate serious religious freedom abuses . A six-year Pew study found that over six years , Christians were harassed in 151 countries , the largest of any group surveyed . In other words , given their enormous numbers and wide dispersion across nations , as well as the lack of freedom in many nations , it is no surprise how often Christians are persecuted . Christians are often regarded as alien because some are members of ethnic minorities or are perceived as being identified with Western interests . For despotic governments and religious extremists , Christianity is a dangerous source of competing authority , challenging their claims of absolute supremacy . The bottom line is that Christians are the proverbial canary in the coal mine . Wherever they are persecuted , the right to religious freedom for all is jeopardized . Wherever they are harassed or jailed , detained or discriminated against , tortured or murdered , governments perpetrate or tolerate abuses against others as well . The global persecution of Christians remains a serious indictment against governments and cultures for failing to protect a bedrock human right -- one that is enshrined in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which was signed by nearly every nation , and subsequent covenants . We must continue to demand respect for that right , so that Sudanese mothers and others can follow the call of conscience and conduct their lives in peace .	Robert George : Sudanese mother 's ordeal shows Christians still persecuted George : It 's wrong to think discrimation against Christians just happens in the Mideast George : Assaults against Christians transcend regional , ideological , or religious bent He says a third of 2 billion Christians live in nations that allow abuse of religious freedom
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A member of a Pakistani-based militant group is denying a New York Times report that a cellphone found during the raid of Osama bin Laden 's compound contains information that links his group to bin Laden . The member of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen said he was not aware of support his group gave bin Laden during the years the al Qaeda boss hid at a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . The statement by the man , who did not want his name used because no one in his group is authorized to speak to the media , differs from a recent New York Times report . The New York Times reported on Thursday that a cellphone belonging to a bin Laden courier contained contact information for members of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen .  What is Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen ? The Times report says that Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen also has ties to Pakistani intelligence services . That information on the cellphone could raise questions about who supported bin Laden when he was in Pakistan , the report said . A spokeswoman for the U.S. embassy in Islamabad declined comment on the situation Friday , saying , "  We do n't discuss intelligence issues . " In recent weeks diplomats from the United States and Pakistan have been meeting to help repair the relationship between the two countries , which has been strained since the May 2 raid on the compound that left of bin Laden dead . The relationship between the two countries has been in a downward spiral over disputes about how to pursue counterterrorism efforts . The United States believes Pakistan is not doing enough to go after al Qaeda and other extremists , while the Pakistanis are upset with what they consider to be unilateral steps taken by the United States within their borders . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report	Diplomats have been meeting in hopes of repairing the U.S.-Pakistan ties The source is a member of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen , a Pakistani-based militant group A New York Times report connects a cellphone of bin Laden 's courier to the group
London  CNN  -- Police in England said Friday they have seized what could be the parts for Britain 's first firearm made using 3-D printing -- but later said more testing is needed to establish if this is the case . An initial news release from Greater Manchester Police said officers had found "  a 3D printer and what is suspected to be a 3D plastic magazine and trigger which could be fitted together to make a viable 3D gun " when they searched locations Thursday in the Baguley area , near Manchester in northwest England . But after doubts were raised , the force released a second statement stressing that the parts were still being examined . "  We need to be absolutely clear that at this stage , we can not categorically say we have recovered the component parts for a 3D gun , " Assistant Chief Constable Steve Heywood said . "  What we have seized are items that need further forensic testing by national ballistics experts to establish whether they can be used in the construction of a genuine , viable firearm . "  We will also be conducting a thorough analysis of computers we have recovered to establish any evidence of a blueprint on how to construct such a weapon . " U.S.-based tech blog Gigaom reported that it appeared the items police suspected of being gun components were in fact spare parts for the 3D printer . The raid that netted the items was part of a planned week of action against criminal gangs in Manchester , police said . A man has been arrested on suspicion of making gunpowder and is being questioned . 3-D printed guns a boon for criminals ? In his statement , Heywood said the seizure had prompted discussion around the potential threats posed by 3-D printing . "  Clearly the fact we have seized a 3D printer and have intelligence about the possible production of a weapon using this technology is of concern . It  is  prudent we establish exactly what these parts can be used for and whether they pose any threat , " he said . "  What this has also done is open up a wider debate about the emerging threat these next generation of weapons might pose . " Printing instructions Others have also raised concerns about the potential for 3-D printing to be used to create weapons . U.S. requires group to remove 3-D gun instructions from its website This year , the U.S. State Department ordered Defense Distributed , a nonprofit group set up by a Texas law student , to remove instructions for printing a handgun with a 3-D printer from its website . Video shows test-firing of 3-D printed handgun The group 's founder , Cody Wilson , had posted a video online showing a single shot being fired from "  The Liberator , " a plastic handgun that , with the exception of a metal firing pin and a piece of metal included to comply with the Undetectable Firearms Act , was assembled entirely from parts made with a 3-D printer . Wilson complied with the order , but not before the design had been downloaded more than 100,000 times . The Victoria and Albert Museum in London subsequently acquired two models of the Liberator pistol , which were put on display last month as part of a design exhibition . The Science Museum in London also has a Liberator on display . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Arion McNicoll contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say more testing is needed after doubts are raised over suspected gun parts Police said they found a 3-D printer along with a suspected 3-D plastic magazine and trigger Police are questioning a man arrested on suspicion of making gunpowder A Texan student was made to take down online instructions for printing a handgun this summer
CNN  -- Francesco Molinari shot the lowest round ever at Castle Stuart in Inverness to lead after the first day of the Scottish Open on 10-under 62 . Defending champion , and world number one , Luke Donald carded a five-under-par 67 to trail the Italian by five shots Thursday . Molinari is continuing his great form from the French Open , where he finished second , to put himself amongst the contenders for next week 's British Open as well as cementing his place in the Ryder Cup team . On his recent form , the Italian admitted , "  I know it 's not going to last forever , but I hope to keep this going a little bit longer -- obviously next week , but the next month or so is really big for the Ryder Cup . That , probably more than the Open , is in my mind . " Molinari shot 10 birdies as he stormed into the lead and he later dedicated the performance to his brother , Edoardo . The older Molinari recently had wrist surgery and is likely to miss the entire summer . Francesco said afterwards , "  It would be nice to do well this week for him as well -- to cheer him up a little bit . " Englishman Luke Donald was making his first appearance since his U.S. Open disaster , when he missed the cut after finishing 11 over from 36 holes . Donald told AFP : "  Overall , it 's a pretty satisfying start after being away from the game for three weeks so to come back and find some form pretty early on is encouraging . " Like the Italian leader , American Phil Mickelson will have an eye on September 's Ryder Cup , but endured a round to forget on the links course . The big American has left his family on holiday in Italy to get some more playing time ahead of Royal Lytham , but his 73 left him 11 shots behind Molinari . Last year 's British Open runner-up started well with two birdies in his first three holes . However , the 42-year-old went on to hit three bogeys and managed a seven on the 12th . Spaniard Alejandro Canizares had a day to remember after hitting birdies on the final six holes to finish two off the lead . Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark and Raphael Jacquelin were a further shot behind .	Francesco Molinari breaks Castle Stuart course record No. 1 Luke Donald makes return after U.S. Open woes Phil Mickelson struggles to find his game Spaniard Alejandro Canizares leads the chasing pack
CNN  -- Egyptian military and intelligence officials say they are preparing to launch an operation against al Qaeda cells that have recently been established in the restive Sinai peninsula . While Egypt has seen a number of homegrown militant Islamist groups emerge and dissipate over the past 20 years , none has had clear organizational links with al Qaeda . But senior officials told CNN that al Qaeda cells have now surfaced in northern Sinai , which has seen acts of sabotage and clashes between rival Salafist groups this year . Among the incidents , a gas pipeline to Israel was blown up several times . The focus of their concern is the coastal area between el-Arish , a resort town of about 80,000 people on the Mediterranean , and Rafah on the border with Gaza . "  Al Qaeda is present in Sinai mainly in the area of Sakaska close to Rafah , " a general in Egypt 's intelligence service told CNN Thursday . "  They have been training there for month , but we have not identified their nationalities yet . " The official said a military operation was imminent "  to deter these armed groups . " "  Units from the 2nd infantry division , with support from general security and the border guards , " would take part in the operation , said the secretary general for North Sinai governorate , Gaber al-Araby . "  We plan to clean out those criminal pockets around the area of Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid , " al-Araby said . A group claiming affiliation with al Qaeda has recently begun a propaganda campaign in the region , according to Egyptian officials . The authority of the state has rarely carried much weight in the Sinai peninsula , where Bedouin tribes have great autonomy . Gen. Abdel Wahab , the governor of North Sinai confirmed that a flier titled "  Al Qaeda Sinai Branch " circulated outside a mosque in el-Arish on Wednesday . The document called for an Islamic state in Sinai and announced that the group was planning attacks on the police stations and security forces Friday . "  A security cordon has been placed around the entrances of el-Arish and reinforcements arrived outside the police stations and the el-Arish central prison in anticipation of an attack on Friday , " said Hazem El Maadawi , an officer stationed outside the North Sinai police headquarters . "  Tomorrow is the big day , " El Maadawi said , adding that he feared the worst . At the end of last month , seven people were killed in clashes in el-Arish . The clashes began after members of a militant Islamist group called Takfir wal-Hijra stormed a rally being held by another Salafist group outside a mosque . Mohamed Mahmoud , who was among the protesters , told CNN ; "  The Takfiris stormed in by the hundreds mounted on pickup trucks and motorcycles waving black flags , a symbol of Jihad . " "  The militants were heavily armed with machine guns , hand grenades and rocked-propelled grenades , " he said . "  They attacked two police stations and scared the residents under the name of Jihad . We only call for Jihad if someone attacks our Islamic country or people . " The head of security in North Sinai , Gen. Saleh al Masry , told CNN last week that Takfir-wal-Higra had become active during the revolution that led to the ousting of President Hosni Mubarak . "  The terrorists were joined by members of Palestinian factions and they are currently being questioned by military intelligence . We arrested 12 assailants including three Palestinians , " al Masry said . What 's not clear is whether the Takfiris are part of -- or aligned with -- the al Qaeda cells said to be training in Sinai . The new leader of al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahiri , is Egyptian and before leaving his homeland in the mid-1980s , had similar views to Takfir about overthrowing the Egyptian state and replacing it with Islamic rule . More recently al-Zawahiri has recorded several messages exhorting Salafists in Egypt to take advantage of the ousting of Mubarak . In an audio message that appeared on Jihadist forums earlier this month , al - Zawahiri said : "  I commend the heroes who blew up the gas pipeline to Israel . I ask Allah to reward them for their heroic act , for they have expressed the anger of the Islamic Ummah against this continuing crime from the reign of Hosni Mubarak to the rule of the Military Council . "	Egypt sees homegrown militant Islamist groups emerge and dissipate over the years None has had clear organizational links with al Qaeda But al Qaeda cells have surfaced in northern Sinai , senior officials say "  They have been training there for month , " official says
CNN  -- Hidden under a quaint resort 60 miles northeast of Fairbanks , Alaska , lies a treasure trove of potential energy that 's free and available 24/7 . "  Imagineer " Bernie Karl and his wife , Connie , own Chena Hot Springs Resort near Fairbanks , Alaska . Alaskan entrepreneur Bernie Karl has pioneered modern technology to tap into one of Earth 's oldest energy resources : hot water . Karl , 56 , likes to call himself an "  imagineer . " Using imagination to fuel his engineering ambitions , this tenacious thinker and self-starter has figured out a way to generate electricity using water that 's the temperature of a cup of coffee -- about 165 degrees Fahrenheit . "  There 's more opportunity now than there has ever been in the history of man , but we have to reinvent ourselves , " Karl said . Karl was determined to reinvent the way he consumed energy after he and his wife , Connie , purchased the Chena Hot Springs Resort from the state of Alaska in 1998 . "  After we purchased the hot spring , I could n't believe it , the swimming pool and the hot spring were being heated by diesel fuel , 1,000 gallons every month ! " Karl said . To slash costs and to use resources that were right under his nose , Karl invented a portable geothermal power plant . In a little more than three years , Karl and his wife have severed the facility 's dependence on diesel fuel and have saved $ 625,000 , he said . Karl 's partnered with the Department of Energy to fund half of a $ 1.4 million exploration project to find and characterize the geothermal resources at Chena Hot Springs . "  It 's a model for what you can do , " said Karl . Karl developed his tenacity from growing up as the sixth child of 16 siblings on a farm outside of Peoria , Illinois . He said his parents taught him hard work , how to recycle his clothes and shoes , and how to compost food and farm wastes . In the late 1970s , Karl was active in gold mining in Alaska 's Central District , and he established the state 's largest recycling facility in 1984 , he said . Many of his ideas stem from finding alternative ways to use and reuse resources he already has at his fingertips . After acquiring the 400-acre resort , Karl began trapping water from the underground hot springs , which produce enough power to heat the facility 's greenhouses year-round . Most recently , Karl has turned his invention into a separate business by contracting with Peppermill hotel and casino in Reno , Nevada , to build a similar system there . His portable geothermal generator units cost from $ 350,000 to $ 375,000 , each with the potential to generate enough power for 250 average American homes per year . ` Hot taps ' His energy-generating machine lies on a flatbed truck and can be hooked up to oil and gas wells or other heat-emitting sources to generate electricity . Karl adds a branch connection to an oil or gas pipeline , and the process begins when he "  hot taps " into waste water coming through the pipes . The hot water enters the tubes of an evaporator encased in a common refrigerant found in many air conditioning systems . As the hot water passes through the evaporator , it begins to boil the refrigerant in the casing surrounding the tubes . The heat given off by the boiling refrigerant then causes an attached turbine to spin , which jump-starts a generator , producing electrical power . Next , cooling water enters from another source , recondensing the vapor refrigerant into a liquid . A pump pushes the liquid refrigerant back to the evaporator , so the cycle can start again . The difference in temperatures drives the entire "  binary system . " This setup works exactly the opposite of a refrigerator . "  Chena Hot Springs is home to the lowest-temperature geothermal resource to be used for commercial power production in the world , " Karl said . "  Oil companies do n't drill wells for water , but they have some 5,000 kilowatts of geothermal power at their disposal in unused oil wells . Let 's pick the low-hanging fruit and use the wells we have for oil for geothermal power , " he said . Citing a 2007 Massachusetts Institute of Technology study , Karl said harnessing just 2 percent of Earth 's internal energy could provide 2,000 times more energy than the entire planet currently consumes -- all free of polluting greenhouse gas emissions . "  Everything goes back , there is no pollution , no smokestack , " he said . "  We are going to go recycle oil wells and recycle water and put it back in the ground . " Sizzle from the center of the Earth Though Karl 's lower-temperature approach is new , for more than a century , people have been trying to generate electricity from the heat that sizzles from the center of the Earth -- using it to cook , bathe and for electricity . In fact , the word "  geothermal " comes from the Greek words geo  Earth  and therme  heat  . "  We 've determined that heat mining can be economical in the short term , based on a global analysis of existing geothermal systems , an assessment of the total U.S. resource and continuing improvements in deep-drilling and reservoir stimulation technology , " said MIT professor Jefferson W. Tester . In a 2007 study , professors at MIT found that mining the huge amounts of heat that reside as stored thermal energy in the Earth 's hard rock crust could supply a substantial portion of the electricity the United States will need in the future , probably at competitive prices and with minimal environmental impact . " ... if we just drill deep enough , most of the U.S. can be transformed into a huge geothermal power zone while drastically reducing the nation 's carbon footprint , " the MIT report said . Widespread geothermal power fuels electricity in a couple dozen countries , with the small island nation of Iceland leading the pack . An unusual abundance of geothermal sources creates 30 percent of Iceland 's energy , according to its National Energy Authority . "  Imagination is so important , " said Karl , whose resort houses 65 employees and can house 210 guests at maximum capacity . "  If Bernie Karl , one of the smallest mom-and-pop operators in the world , can do these things , then why ca n't all of us ? "	Resort owner makes electricity with water the temperature of a cup of coffee Alaskan entrepreneur goes from diesel to geothermal , saving $ 625K in 3 years He invented portable geothermal generator that he says can power 250 homes MIT : Most of U.S. can be transformed into a huge geothermal power zone
CNN  -- With their nation still absorbing the shock of Sachin Tendulkar 's retirement , the next generation of Indian stars showed their ability with a stunning run chase to beat Australia in a one-day international Wednesday . Chasing an imposing 360 to win in Jaipur , India went past the target for the loss of just one wicket and with six overs to spare . It was the second highest score to win a 50 overs international , only beaten by the astonishing 436 runs by a South African side in Johannesburg in 2006 , with Australia again the unfortunate opposition . Openers Rohit Sharma  141 not out  and Shikhar Dhawan  95  put India on their way before the more experienced Virat Kohli completed the task with a brutal innings . Kohli smashed 100 not out off just 52 balls , including seven sixes and eight fours . It was the fastest century by an Indian in one day internationals and the seventh quickest off all time . India 's score of 362 was the highest ever in this form of the game for the loss of just one wicket and it enabled them to level the series at 1-1 . Australia had looked strong favorites to take a 2-0 lead after amassing a formidable score on a superb batting wicket . Each of their top five batsmen scored a half century , with captain George Bailey top scoring on 92 not out . But the visiting bowling attack was powerless to prevent India racing to victory , with Sharma at first leading the way . India are the current world champions in 50 overs cricket , helped to victory on home soil in 2011 by national hero Tendulkar . He quit the shorter form of the game last year and announced his retirement from all cricket last week . Tendulkar will play his final Test match on his home ground in Mumbai next month against the West Indies , completing 200 appearances at this level .	India beat Australia in one-day international Chase 360 to win - second highest in history Virat Kohli hits century in just 52 balls -- an Indian record Level series with Aussies at 1-1
CNN  -- He is a towering figure in the history of cinema , a colossus who has frightened and thrilled audiences in equal measure . Now King Kong , the famous silverback from the silver screen , is roaring and pounding his way onto the theatrical stage . Merian C. Cooper 's 1933 classic fantasy tale of a giant gorilla has become a musical reality at the Regent Theatre , in Melbourne , Australia -- thanks to a six-meter high robotic puppet , and the pioneering work of puppeteer Sonny Tilders . "  It 's been amazing . They 're not just praising the puppet , they are praising the character . That is so rewarding , " Tilders told CNN . The animatronics expert leads a 35-strong team at The Creature Technology Company in west Melbourne and has an impressive track record in both film and theater . The 46-year-old has more than two decades ' experience making high-tech puppets and counts "  Stars Wars -- Revenge of the Sith " and "  The Chronicles of Narnia " among his many movie credits . He was also the robotic brains behind the hugely successful "  Walking with Dinosaurs -- The Arena Spectacular " stage show , but the scale of King Kong was unlike anything he had attempted before . The rubber and rabbit fur model seen hanging off the Empire State Building swatting bi-planes in the original film was 24 inches tall . The modern stage incarnation of Kong stands six meters high and weighs more than a ton . Read this : Yoda , E.T. and the greatest movie puppets When the multi-million dollar project started five years ago , Tilders originally set out to create a fully animatronic creature but ended up combining old-fashioned puppetry with modern robotics . "  We were considering having two versions . We were developing other technologies that we would need for animatronic limbs to move , " he said . "  But to cut a long story short , we were so impressed by what the manned puppet could do that we had a change of heart and said we should do the whole show with marionette puppets . It made much more sense . " Suspended from the ceiling , Kong 's limbs are manipulated on stage by 10 specially trained stage circus artists who scurry over and around the puppet , shifting his arms and legs by hand or using ropes . Clad in black from head to toe , these shadowy figures called the "  King 's Men , " work in tandem with three off-stage puppeteers -- the "  voodoo " operators -- who control the mechanical functions inside Kong . Around 300 meters of electrical wiring are crammed inside the puppet 's steel and aluminum shell powering 16 microprocessors and 15 servo motors which move Kong 's eyes , eyebrows and eyelids , nose , lips , jaw , neck and shoulders . He also makes sounds -- a vital part of making his movements appear realistic , says Tilders . Marrying the mechanical functions of interior with the organic-looking Lycra and latex exterior is one of the big challenges of animatronics , Tilders says . "  We wanted to create a puppet that was really dynamic on stage . One of the ways to solve that and not kill anyone or destroy the puppet or the stage itself was to make his extremities -- his arms and fists -- in a way that has as little steel as possible . " Read this : Huge mechanical beasts stalk French theme park From the elbow down , Kong 's arms are filled with air , allowing him to furiously pound the floor without causing a minor earthquake . Overlaying the air bags are a series of sculptured muscle bags made from a stretchy nylon material that expands and contracts to mimic the sinewy movements of the real thing . He might not be the largest marionette in the world - that record is held by France 's street theater company Royal de Luxe -- but he is , says Tilders , the most articulated . "  Often  big puppets  are quite simple and slow , but what we 've developed is a hybrid technology enabling us to do some powerful and specific moves . " The Creature Technology Company 's ambitions were aided by UK-based stage automation experts Stage Technologies who provided the four-ton track-and-trolley system suspended above the stage . "  It 's a machine that allows Kong to both move around the stage and be raised up and down but also take different positions , " said Stage Technologies ' Group CEO Mark Ager . "  We move his torso with eight winches and that allows us to change the aspect of it . So , for instance , when he walks , his shoulders can roll from side to side . It 's basically a big boys version of a wooden cross you see on smaller puppets . " The company , which is currently helping pop star Pink fly around stage on her world tour , has previously assisted Tilders with the Walking with Dinosaurs project , helping create a flying prehistoric bird called an Ornithocheirus . But the complexity of Kong surpassed anything they have previously built , leading to a few nerves as opening night approached . "  Given  Kong  is the main actor it was quite a concern , but it is incredible , " he said . "  There 's an awful lot of engineering that goes into something that looks so effortless . He feels real . I think you have to see inferior robotic incarnations to see quite how clever  Kong  is . " Overall , it 's been an extraordinary collaboration of engineering and software expertise with sculptors , artists , musicians and actors creating a unique spectacle . The critics like it too . Many have warmed to the show itself since it opened in June and almost all have heaped lavish praise on Kong himself . It 's only a matter of time before audiences worldwide get their chance to feel the towering stage presence of Kong , said Tilders . "  It 's definitely going overseas , " he said . "  The financial model ca n't rely on 20 million people in Australia . Obviously , we would love to go to Broadway because that 's the natural home for the story . "	Giant marionette/animatronic King Kong takes to stage in Melbourne-based musical Puppet created by same company who created Walking with Dinosaurs arena tour Merian C. Cooper 's classic 1993 adventure adapted for stage with a six-meter tall Kong Team of puppeteers on and off stage control Kong 's movements
CNN  -- Terrorists in Benghazi , Libya , "  essentially walked right into the Benghazi compound unimpeded and set it ablaze , " a special Senate report on the September 11 attack that killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans says . The bipartisan report , "  Flashing Red : A Special Report on the Terrorist Attack at Benghazi , " released Monday by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs , cites "  extremely poor security in a threat environment that was ` flashing red . ' " The State Department comes in for the major portion of blame for failing to respond to , even ignoring , repeated requests from U.S. staff in Benghazi for more security resources , especially more personnel . Read more : Hillary Clinton hospitalized after doctors discover blood clot The department , the report says , left it to Libyan security personnel to protect U.S. diplomats , even though those guards were unreliable and had "  conflicting loyalties , " a problem that it says was "  deeply troubling , especially since this problem was recognized long before the attack . " Read the report  pdf In her preface to the Senate report , Sen. Susan Collins , ranking member of the committee , says the committee also found fault with the intelligence community , the Defense Department , the Obama administration and Congress . "  While the Defense Department attempted to mobilize its resources quickly , it had neither the personnel nor other assets close enough to reach Benghazi in a timely fashion , " Collins says . The report also underscores the need for the intelligence community to "  enhance its focus on violent Islamist extremist groups in the region to improve the likelihood of obtaining such intelligence . " Read more : Benghazi report threatens to tarnish Clinton 's legacy Lack of adequate funding for security also played a role , the committee found . "  We have seen finger pointing about the lack of resources for embassy security , " Collins writes , "  but the budget is a shared responsibility . The inadequate security in Benghazi was a product of both budgets approved by Congress and of the desire of the Administration for a light footprint . " Critics say the administration gave conflicting and misleading statements on what sparked the attack , and the report agrees , concluding that the intelligence community recognized it as terrorism "  from the beginning . " "  Nonetheless , Administration officials were inconsistent in stating publicly that the deaths in Benghazi were the result of a terrorist attack , " the report says . "  If the fact that Benghazi was indeed a terrorist attack had been made clear from the outset by the Administration , there would have been much less confusion about what happened in Benghazi that terrible night . The attack clearly was not a peaceful protest in response to a hateful anti-Muslim video that evolved into a violent incident . It was a terrorist attack by an opportunistic enemy . " Read more : At Benghazi hearing , State Department officials promise quick change	Senate committee finds that terrorists "  walked right into the Benghazi compound unimpeded " Intelligence community , Defense Department , Congress , Obama administration also blamed "  Flashing Red : A Special Report on the Terrorist Attack at Benghazi " released Monday The September 11 attack killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans
CNN  -- He never told a lie , as the story goes . So maybe if he were alive today , President George Washington could tell a New York City library what he did with two books he checked out 221 years ago . The two books -- weighty discourses on international relations and parliamentary debates -- were checked out on October 5 , 1789 . They were due on November 2 , 1789 , but were n't brought back . Since then , they 've been steadily collecting a fine of a few cents each day , adding up to more than $ 4,000 by the New York Society Library 's informal estimate . "  I 'm sorry , math is not my thing at all , " said Jane Goldstein , the assistant head librarian when asked to hazard a guess . The fine at the time was 2 pence a day . Now , it 's 15 cents -- "  It 's really gone up , has n't it ? " she quipped . One of the librarians , Matthew Haugen , guessed the fine to be in the region of 3,000 British pounds , or about $ 4,577 . "  He stuck with the pence concept , " Goldstein said . The library first learned of the missing books when it discovered a yellowed ledger in its basement It listed all the people who had checked out books from the city 's oldest library between July 1789 and April 1792 . Next to the works "  Law of Nations " and the 12th volume of "  Common Debates " was the name of the person who checked them out : "  President . " At the time , New York was the capital of the United States , and the library was the only one in town . Soon after , the capital was relocated to Philadelphia and then Washington D.C. . The New York library , a subscription library that was New York 's first library open to the public , has known about the missing books since the 1930s . The matter came up again recently because the library is capturing the ledgers in digital form to preserve the records . Library officials cross-checked the books mentioned in the ledger with the ones in their collection . "  Volume 12  of "  Common Debates "  was still missing , " as was the other book , Goldstein said . The library is not so concerned about the fine as it is about each book . "  We do n't know where it is , " she said . "  We have tried to find it and we ca n't , " she said .	George Washington has racked up a growing fine on two overdue books from NYC library The discourses on international relations , parliamentary debates were never returned New York Society Library would like to track down the books The library has known about the missing books since the 1930s
CNN  -- The Wisconsin man accused of poisoning his wife with antifreeze and convicted of murdering her was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison with no chance of parole . Mark Jensen 's chin quivers as a letter from his sons is read in court Wednesday before his sentencing . Mark Jensen , 48 , was found guilty Thursday in Elkhorn , Wisconsin , of killing his wife , Julie Jensen , in 1998 . The prosecution said the murder culminated years of torment . "  Your crime is so enormous , so monstrous , so unspeakably cruel that it overcomes all other considerations , " Kenosha County Judge Bruce Schroeder said before pronouncing the sentence . Watch the judge lower the boom " Prosecutors contended that Jensen poisoned his 40-year-old wife with antifreeze and then suffocated her in 1998 , but the defense argued that Julie Jensen was a depressed woman who killed herself and framed her husband . Julie Jensen had given a neighbor a letter pointing an accusing finger at her husband should anything happen to her . She also made foreboding comments to police and to her son 's teacher , saying she suspected her husband was trying to kill her . Her letter , read aloud in court , said in part : "  I pray I 'm wrong + nothing happens ... but I am suspicious of Mark 's suspicious behaviors + fear for my early demise . " Read the letter " The case turned on the admissibility of the letter , which would have been considered unusable "  hearsay " evidence if Schroeder had not ruled that it was a "  dying declaration . " In such cases , the defendant has no opportunity to face his accuser . After the verdict , jurors told reporters that the letter gave them "  a clear road map " to conviction , as one female juror phrased it . Another female juror said he believed Mark Jensen was trying to push his wife over the edge . "  He tortured Julie hoping she could be classically diagnosed as a nutcase , " she said . Several of the jurors were in the court gallery for the sentencing hearing Wednesday . Jensen , dressed in blue jail fatigues , sat stoically while Julie Jensen 's four brothers asked for the harshest possible sentence . "  I hope the court shows the same mercy and compassion that the defendant showed our sister , " Patrick Griffin , the victim 's youngest brother , said . Watch brothers demand justice " But Jensen 's chin quivered and his eyes watered when his attorney read a letter from Jensen 's two sons , David and Douglas . "  He never failed to support us throughout this ordeal , " the sons wrote in requesting mercy for their father . " ... If anyone in this world is the epitome of loyalty , it is our dad . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Mark Jensen sentenced for poisoning wife with antifreeze Victim 's posthumous letter led jurors to verdict Defense portrayed victim as depressed wife who committed suicide
CNN  -- Hall of Fame football linebacker Lawrence Taylor was charged Thursday with rape and patronizing a prostitute in a case involving a 16-year-old girl , police in Ramapo , New York , said . Taylor 's attorney said the former New York Giants star denied the charges and will fight them . "  My client did not have sex with anybody . Period , " Arthur Aidala said , adding : "  Lawrence Taylor did not rape anybody . " Taylor appeared at an afternoon court hearing where a judge set bail at $ 75,000 . Taylor was not asked to enter a plea and left the courthouse after posting bail . Seeing television cameras outside the courthouse , Taylor said , "  I 'm not that important " as he walked away . Taylor , 51 , was arrested in a Holiday Inn room a few hours after the alleged rape took place , according to Christopher St. Lawrence , the town supervisor and police commissioner in Ramapo , about 30 miles northwest of New York City . Police Chief Peter Brower said Taylor was charged with third-degree rape , a felony , for allegedly engaging in sexual intercourse with someone younger than 17 . Taylor also was charged with third-degree patronization for allegedly paying the underage victim $ 300 to have sex , Brower said . According to Brower , the rape charge carries a possible four-year prison term , and the patronization charge , a misdemeanor , could bring up to a year in prison . Asked whether Taylor knew that the victim was underage , Brower said "  ignorance is not an excuse " for having sex with a minor . Aidala said after the bail hearing that Taylor "  is denying and preparing to fight each and every one of those charges . " Aidala said that "  no violence , no force , no threat , no weapons " was involved in the case . He noted that the rape charge against Taylor was for consensual sex with a minor and said Taylor denied it . St. Lawrence and Brower said the alleged victim , since March a runaway from New York 's Bronx borough , was allegedly brought to Ramapo by a pimp on Wednesday night . When the pimp and the girl returned to New York early Thursday , she texted an uncle who notified the New York police , St. Lawrence said . New York police arrested the pimp and called Ramapo police , and Taylor was arrested in his hotel room at around 4 a.m. , according to St. Lawrence . The alleged victim had facial injuries that police determined occurred before she entered the Holiday Inn room , St. Lawrence said . Detective Lt. Brad Weidel said police knocked twice on Taylor 's hotel door and identified themselves before entering the room . Weidel and St. Lawrence said Taylor was cooperative with authorities . Taylor was a 10-time All-Pro linebacker for the New York Giants from 1981 to 1993 after earning All American honors at the University of North Carolina . A punishing tackler and pass rusher known by his initials "  L.T. , " he was on two Super Bowl champion teams and was inducted into the National Football League 's Hall of Fame , which noted that he "  redefined the way the outside linebacker position was played . " However , Taylor was twice suspended by the NFL for substance abuse and battled a cocaine addiction long after retirement , resulting in several arrests and a downward spiral that he chronicled in a 2003 autobiography . After kicking drugs , he worked as a sports commentator and appeared as a contestant on ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars " in 2009 . Taylor and his dance partner on the program , Edyta Sliwinska , were eliminated in the seventh week of competition . Brower said that police found a bottle of alcohol in Taylor 's hotel room but that Taylor showed no sign of inebriation . Brower said that no drugs were found in the room . Mark Lepselter , Taylor 's agent , said Taylor was very upset about the charges against him . "  He 's worked very hard over the last 12 years to change perceptions about him , " Lepselter said . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Alan Chernoff contributed to this story .	Taylor leaves courthouse after posting $ 75,000 bail Lawyer says former New York Giant Lawrence Taylor denies charges Former linebacker charged with rape , patronizing prostitute Police investigating accusations involving 16-year-old runaway
CNN  -- The number of bird flu cases in China jumped Sunday to 102 , including 20 deaths , the World Health Organization announced . Seventy patients remain hospitalized with the virus . The WHO said there is still no evidence of human-to-human transmission . So far the virus has mainly affected eastern China , with 11 deaths and 33 infection cases reported in Shanghai , 24 cases , including three deaths , in Jiangsu Province , 38 cases , including five deaths , in Zhejiang Province , while Anhui Province has confirmed three cases , with one ending in death . Further afield , four people -- including one in Beijing in northern China and three in central Henan Province -- have tested positive for the H7N9 virus . The current strain of bird flu , H7N9 , was not detected in humans until last month . A team of international experts are currently in China conducting a week-long assessment of the virus , the WHO said on Friday . "  Right now it is still an animal virus that rarely infects humans , " Dr. Michael O'Leary , the head of the WHO 's office in Beijing , told reporters . On Thursday , the central government suspended wild bird sales to try to prevent the spread of the virus , although many questions remain as to the source of infection . It follows a ban on live poultry trading in affected provinces . A large number of birds have also been slaughtered , state-run Xinhua said . O'Leary said there was legitimate reason for concern about the new virus , but suggested it was premature to begin mass culling of poultry . "  I eat chicken every day , " O'Leary said with a laugh . "  Chicken is of no concern at all . " Until March , the virus had only been present in birds , which is why they 've become the focus of the investigation . However , 40 % of patients with H7N9 had not come into contact with poultry , according to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention . Authorities are continuing to monitor more than 1,000 people who have come into close contact with confirmed cases . CNN 's Miriam Falco and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	The cases include 20 deaths , and 102 infection cases Seventy patients are hospitalized with the virus The new strain was n't known until three weeks ago International experts in China to monitor the H7N9 strain
Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was acquitted in New York on Friday of charges of driving under the influence of a drug . A jury deliberated for an hour and 10 minutes following a four-day trial that featured Kennedy 's turn on the witness stand . After jurors left the courtroom , Kennedy friends and family members , including her 85-year-old mother , Ethel Kennedy , applauded . Kennedy hugged lawyers , William Aronwald and Gerald Lefcourt , and , in an unusual move , shook the hands of the prosecutors . As people filed out of courtroom , Kennedy told reporters she was not angry with the prosecutors who brought the case . The 54-year-old former wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo faced a charge of driving while impaired after swerving off the road in her Lexus SUV and careening into a tractor-trailer on a New York interstate in morning rush-hour traffic in July 2012 . Outside court , Kennedy said she was "  unbelievably grateful . " Lefcourt suggested that the prosecution pursued the case because of her name . "  You 've got to wonder why an ill-advised prosecution like this was brought , " the attorney said . "  Is it because of who the defendant is ? They concede that it was an accident and nevertheless they brought this case . I find this very depressing . " In a statement Friday , the Westchester County District Attorney 's office said : "  We prosecute 2,500 impaired driving cases annually in Westchester County . This case was treated no differently from any of the others . The jury heard all the evidence in this case and we respect their verdict . " Kennedy testified this week that she grabbed the wrong prescription bottle from her kitchen counter that morning and swallowed 10 milligrams of zolpidem , a sleep aid also known by the brand name Ambien . Neither she nor prosecutors disputed the fact that she drove erratically after taking the medication and sideswiped a tractor-trailer in Westchester County before she was found , slumped over her steering wheel , her car stalled . "  I now know thanks to the tox lab that I must have taken the sleeping medication by mistake , " said Kennedy , looking at the jury as she testified . Kennedy said she made cappuccino , had some carrots , prepared bags for the gym and office and had no problem leaving her apartment and getting to her vehicle the morning of the accident . Her memory from that morning ends just before she entered the highway , Kennedy said . The next thing she recalls is a knock on the window of her SUV , and a man she thought was a police officer asking if she was OK . "  I was confused by that because I thought I was fine , " she said on the stand . During a contentious cross examination , Kennedy insisted that she would not have stayed behind the wheel if she 'd felt the effects of the medication . "  If I 'd realized I was impaired , I would have pulled over , " she told prosecutor Doreen Lloyd , and also said she does n't know what the side effects of zolpidem might feel like . "  You 've taken this pill for 10 years and you ca n't tell me whether or not it makes you feel tired after you take it ? " Lloyd asked . "  I guess I do n't really think about how I 'm feeling when I take it , " Kennedy replied . "  I take it , and then I 'm asleep . " In closing arguments , the prosecution accused Kennedy of lying to police and the public to protect her legacy . "  She had a lot on her mind that morning . And she took the wrong pill by mistake , " prosecutor Doreen Lloyd told jurors . "  However , it also makes no sense whatsoever that at no point did she realize or feel tired or dizzy or drowsy . That makes no sense , " she said . "  She is responsible for the chain of events that happened after that . " Lloyd told jurors that Kennedy had a responsibility to pull off the road safely when she felt the effect of the drug . Her inconsistent statements about the incident , including the claim that her doctors said she 'd had a seizure , were meant as a smokescreen , Lloyd said . "  She knew . She knew right away that she had taken the wrong pill . She felt it . And I submit she was looking for an excuse , to avoid responsibility ... to control her public image . " Lefcourt told jurors there 's no disputing that Kennedy ingested zolpidem and was "  out of it " the morning of the crash . "  The dispute is this : Whether the prosecution has proved to you beyond a reasonable doubt that Ms. Kennedy operated her vehicle while she was aware that she had ingested zolpidem and , after becoming aware , she continued intentionally to drive . That 's what this case is all about . " The jury of two women and four men began its deliberations Thursday afternoon . They stopped for the day without reaching a verdict before resuming deliberations Friday morning . Kennedy faced up to a year in jail if convicted .	Defense attorney suggests prosecution pursued case because of Kennedy name Kennedy was on trial on a misdemeanor charge of driving while impaired Prosecutor says she lied to protect her legacy
CNN  -- Consider this . On December 17 , 2010 , Mohamed Bouazizi , a young Tunisian street vendor , set himself on fire and started a dramatic remaking of the political landscape . The striking of a match brought change not only in Tunisia , but also in Egypt and Libya , and even what is happening in Syria . On the other hand , as of August this year , about 48 Tibetans , mostly Buddhist monks and nuns , have self-immolated in Tibetan parts of China . In March 2012 alone , seven people self-immolated , and Tibetan exiles in India have been setting themselves on fire . The political result ? Nothing . So why does the self-immolation of one man accomplish so much , but the same gesture performed by so many others accomplishes nothing ? Perhaps the question should be phrased differently , because a closer look at Bouazizi 's deed and the Tibetan cases reveals that it is something other than the sheer number of self-immolations that makes them a catalyst for change . Two more Tibetans self-immolate in China protest Tunisians could easily identify with Bouazizi 's extreme predicament . His actions spoke to the community 's shared frustration and despair . But the demands of Tibetan self-immolators are varied . Some want a "  free Tibet , " as do all Tibetan exiles , but others only want freedom of religion , or political autonomy , or the opportunity to study in Tibetan as opposed to Chinese , or the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet . When a self-immolator like Bouazizi is perceived as taking upon himself the humiliations and shameful submissions , the collective cowardice and voluntary servitude of his people , he burns off , along with his body , the diffuse sense of shame and guilt that has been paralyzing his community . The burning body thus becomes a site of cleansing , catharsis and regeneration . The community is going -- vicariously , but no less effectively -- through a "  purification by fire . " And in the process an important thing takes place : That society reinvents itself , it is transformed from a shattered community into a political community . As the body is being devoured by flames , the promise  if only the promise  of a new beginning takes shape . The self-immolations of ThÃ­ch QuÃ ng ÄÃºc in Saigon in 1963 and Jan Palach in Prague in 1969 were not very different from that of Bouazizi . The former was a Buddhist monk who self-immolated to draw attention to the persecution of Buddhists in Vietnam under the NgÃ´ ÄÃ¬nh Diem 's regime ; the latter was a philosophy student who did the same thing in Prague as a response to the Soviet Union 's crush of the Prague Spring . Self-immolations that prompt political change are extraordinary and rare events . The ancient Greeks had two different words for time : chronos for ordinary time and kairos for time of special quality -- a particularly propitious time for which our "  right time " is a rather weak translation . For self-immolations to be politically successful , they have to happen in kairos . Bouazizi , ÄÃºc and Palach had many imitators , but none since have achieved so much . That 's why the high number of self-immolations among Tibetans lately could be read as an implicit admission of failure . Even though the first self-immolation by a former Tibetan monk , Thupten Ngodup , on April 27 , 1998 , in New Delhi , had some public impact , it failed to cause the political commotion that Bouazizi triggered in the Arab world . Nor have any of the other Tibetan self-immolators since . Yet , this should not surprise us . There is a strong rejection of violence in Buddhism . Even through self-immolations took place in medieval China and 20th-century Vietnam , even though the Lotus Sutra praises "  burning for Buddha " as the supreme self-sacrifice , Buddhists are very reluctant to condone violence . Tibetan Buddhism , in particular , is centered on compassion toward all sentient beings and prohibition of murder , suicide included . Such a religious and cultural viewpoint must prevent ordinary Tibetans from identifying with the self-immolators . Accommodating this radical form of violence within a culture that has for centuries fed on cosmic compassion and political non-violence is not an easy process . That is why the recent string of self-immolations in Tibetan parts of China is a sign that this could be changing . Most self-immolators are young -- some are teens -- which indicates that the new generation of politically aware Tibetans might have lost patience with the Dalai Lama 's nonviolent political philosophy and want to respond differently to the Chinese 's aggressive methods . What we see now is possibly the beginning of a new type of political engagement in Tibet , a new pattern very different from Bouazizi 's and Palach 's , who emerged from communities that had been brought to their knees . Tibetans , instead , over the last 60 years have considered their nation as occupied , but not defeated . Since 1959 they have with some regularity risen against the Chinese authorities . It 's very disturbing to watch these self-immolations , but that is part of the intent . The Tibetans want the Chinese and the world to look . The meaning of their gesture lies in its total passivity . It is no accident that after every self-immolation the Chinese authorities scramble to confiscate and destroy any pictures taken ; they are only too aware of the iconic status such images can acquire . In essence , these self-immolations are an extreme form of political self-expression . They are performed as part of a struggle for recognition , as an autonomous political community . It confirms what ThÃ­ch Nháº¥t Háº¡nh was saying in 1967 : "  To burn oneself by fire is to prove that what one is saying is of the utmost importance . There is nothing more painful than burning oneself . To say something while experiencing this kind of pain is to say it with utmost courage , frankness , determination and sincerity . " For many Tibetan monks and nuns of today the burning body has become a tool for the most resounding of self-assertions ; when you are in flames your presence can not be ignored anymore . It is a shouting game of sorts , except that no party shouts . The Tibetans express themselves by burning ; the Chinese authorities do the same by shooting Tibetans . Then , another monk or nun engages in self-expression and everything starts anew . Palden Gyatso , a Tibetan monk who spent more than 30 years in Chinese prisons and labor camps , once said : "  For those who use brute force , there is nothing more insulting than a victim 's refusal to acknowledge their power . " Rarely has the desire for recognition been so desperate and moving . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Costica Bradatan .	Groups : 48 Tibetans self-immolated in Tibetan parts of China without political change Yet a Tunisian 's setting himself afire set off Arab spring , he says . Why was that different ? He writes : The Tunisian spoke to everyone 's despair ; Tibetan protesters have varying goals Bradatan : Tibetans are nonviolent , but some may be tired of Dalai Lama 's pacifism
Mexico City  CNN  -- What happened to 12 youths who were kidnapped in broad daylight from a bar in Mexico ? The mystery , which has jolted the country 's capital for months , appeared to be one step closer to resolution Monday : The victims were killed shortly after the kidnapping , Mexico City Prosecutor Rodolfo Rios Garza told reporters on Monday . And the motive was revenge , he said . The crime occurred in retaliation for another killing at a bar in the city 's upscale Condesa neighborhood , he said . The prosecutor 's revelation comes a day after an attorney representing victims ' families said authorities had found that at least 10 of the bodies discovered last week in a shallow grave near Mexico City corresponded to the group kidnapped from the Heaven after-hours club . The mysterious mass kidnapping in Mexico 's capital in May drew international attention after furious family members protested , claiming authorities were n't taking the case seriously . The allegations have sparked concerns about whether violence has surged into Mexico 's capital , where residents largely have been spared from drug war casualties seen in other parts of the country . Prosecutor : ` We are not talking about any cartel ' Rios said Monday that the group behind the kidnapping was La Union de Insurgentes , which has been tied to drug distribution in the capital . But he dismissed concerns about larger forces at work . "  We are not talking about any cartel , " he said . But even with the new information released by authorities , victims ' family members said their outrage over the case has n't dimmed . One stood in the doorway of Monday 's press conference , wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with all 12 victims ' faces . As officials tried to get her to move , Julieta Gonzalez told them , "  I am not moving from here . I am not going to do anything . I only want to hear . " Gonzalez -- whose daughter , Jennifer Robles , was among those taken from the bar -- said she wanted to listen because authorities have consistently given reporters details about the case before telling family members . Seven suspects arrested Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said Sunday that at least 10 of the remains found correspond to the kidnapped youths , attorney Ricardo Martinez told CNNMexico . Officials have not provided details about three other bodies found in the grave . Authorities found the grave last week in the town of Tlalmanalco , in the state of Mexico , about 30 miles east of Mexico City , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Investigators have n't said what led them to the grave . Authorities have arrested seven suspects in connection with the crime , Rios said Monday . The owner of the bar , a co-owner and two bar employees are among those who have been arrested in the case . A suspect detained at a hotel in Mexico City last week told authorities he and others had taken the victims to Tlalmanalco , Rios said . "  We will not stop until we have achieved the detention of the rest of the participants in these events , " he said , describing what he said had been an exhaustive investigation . Families call for independent investigation But the mother of at least one of the victims said she was far from satisfied with the investigation so far , and wants more proof about what investigators exhumed from the grave last week . "  No one is sure of what is there . We have not seen clothes . They have not shown us bodies . They have not shown us anything , " mother Leticia Ponce told CNN en EspaÃƒ Â± ol Monday . Victims ' family members have said they do n't trust Mexican authorities and have called for an independent international investigation of the case . "  I have always distrusted them . ... They have not shown me a hair or a nail from my daughter . I am not taking anything until they prove to me that it is my daughter , " Gonzalez said . "  They are staging it . " CNNMexico 's Veronica Diaz Favela and Arturo Ascencion , CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , journalist Nick Parker and CNN en EspaÃƒ Â± ol 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	NEW : One victim 's mother accuses authorities of staging arrests Mexico City 's prosecutor says 12 kidnapped teens were killed The motive was revenge , Mexico City 's prosecutor tells reporters The teens ' kidnapping in broad daylight has jolted Mexico 's capital
CNN  -- Even if you did n't watch the Golden Globes , you might have caught the highlights and low points from Twitter 's armchair critics . Amid the chatter about dresses , ` dos and the long path to the stage , some viewers used Twitter to call out examples of sexism and the lack of diversity surrounding the awards . While there was much love for hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , discussion of gender inequality and racial disparities among nominees and winners coursed throughout the Twitterverse . Some of the conversation was stoked by the Representation Project , a nonprofit that challenges gender stereotypes in the media . The group urged viewers to use the hashtag #NotBuyingIt to cite examples of racism and sexism during the show and in commercials . Here 's a sampling of those comments : .	Some Golden Globes viewers criticized a lack of diversity among nominees and winners Many used the Twitter hashtag #NotBuyingIt to point out examples Some lauded hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler and best drama , "  12 Years a Slave "
CNN  -- In what the interior minister calls one of Spain 's largest operations against al Qaeda , security services said Thursday they arrested three suspected terrorists who might have been plotting attacks on U.S. or British targets . Two of the men were arrested Wednesday and the third Thursday , Spanish Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz said . The Interior Ministry said the men were "  ready to act in Spain and Europe . " One of the men is Turkish , and the other two are believed to be of Russian-Chechen origin . Police sources said they had gathered enough explosives to "  blow up a bus . " The two men arrested Wednesday were on a bus traveling to France when police detained them , and Diaz said they "  resisted fiercely . " Police sources said they were stopped in Almuradiel , a town about midway between Madrid and the country 's southern coast . Previously on CNN.com : Spanish ETA terror suspects arrested in London The third was held in the province of Cadiz on Spain 's southern coast . The investigation is in its early stages , but Spanish security services say the men were most likely plotting to attack the joint U.S.-Spanish naval base at Rota or British interests in Gibraltar , according to Fernando Reinares , a senior international terrorism analyst at The Elcano Royal Institute in Madrid who was briefed by Spanish security services on the investigation . They base their belief on a number of factors : The group 's capabilities ; the proximity of the targets -- Rota is in Cadiz and Gibraltar is adjacent to it ; and the fact that several of the men had mastered flying motorized paragliders , which leads investigators to believe the group may have been plotting to launch an attack from the air . The Turkish man also worked in Gibraltar , Reinares said . According to Reinares , Spanish security services believe the alleged cell might have also been plotting a terrorist attack in France , leading to the two arrests on the bus to France . Security services do n't rule out the possibility they had planned an attack elsewhere in Europe , though no intelligence indicates they were a threat to the London Olympics , Reinares said . Explosives were found in the apartment of one of the suspects in the area of San Roque , just across the border from Gibraltar , and security services believe more explosives were removed from the apartment in the past two days , Reinares said . Spanish police are still searching for explosives in the neighboring town of San Roque , where they suspect the men had stored bombs and documents . Wiretaps indicate that the Turkish citizen 's wife had "  removed evidence from the house " before the arrest . They are also analyzing the computers and files on a laptop that belonged to one of the arrested men . Read more about al Qaeda on CNN 's Security Clearance blog One of the Chechen suspects was a "  true specialist in chemicals , " security services told Reinares . Authorities did not release the men 's names , but a police source gave the Chechen suspects ' initials as A.A.A. and M.A. , and the Turkish suspect 's initials as C.Y. . The source said the men were carrying no documentation when they were arrested . Spanish security services suspect the alleged terrorist cell of having ties to the Pakistani terror group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , Reinares told CNN , and they believe one or more of the trio received terrorist training in Afghanistan and Pakistan . The alleged cell was first detected in Spain around a month ago but had been previously tracked by other Western intelligence agencies , according to the Spanish Interior Ministry . Spain 's interior minister said the suspects had information about remote-controlled airplanes , and some of them "  have experience producing explosives and car bombs and training in shooting . " Reinares said the alleged terrorist cell 's operation was different from other recent terrorist plots in Spain that were the work of "  self-starting , self-radicaling " Islamist militants . He said Spanish investigators believe this cell was dispatched from overseas to carry out a terrorist attack . Reinares said this was not the first alleged terrorist cell linked to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba to be arrested in Spain . A group linked to a militant with ties to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba who had trained in Kashmir was arrested in Barcelona in 2004 . Indian and Western intelligence officials suspect that Lashkar-e-Tayyiba is responsible for the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks and that it has established closer ties with al Qaeda in recent years . One of its members was David Headley , a U.S. citizen of Pakistani descent , who was convicted of helping to plan the Mumbai attacks and plotting to attack a Danish newspaper that had published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . According to court documents , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba commissioned Headley to research targeting the newspaper , but the group never went through with the plot . A jihadist website associated with al Qaeda posted a request earlier this year asking for "  lone wolves living among the enemy " who could speak Spanish , a request that Spanish police interpret as a call for suicide bombers . Journalist Javier Ruiz contributed to this report .	NEW : Security services : Men were most likely plotting attacks on U.S. , British targets NEW : They say the men also may have been planning an attack in France NEW : Police found explosives in the apartment of one of the men The suspects had information about remote-controlled airplanes , authorities say
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The suspect in last week 's deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood urged in 2007 that Muslims in the U.S. Army be allowed to claim conscientious objector status when it comes to fighting other Muslims in war , a defense official said Tuesday . Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan also discussed religious aspects of Islam during a presentation at Walter Reed Army Medical Center as part of a final project for his residency tenure , said the official , who has knowledge of the investigation into Hasan . "  It 's getting harder and harder for Muslims in the service to morally justify being in a military that seems constantly engaged against fellow Muslims , " Hasan said , according to a slide show that The Washington Post said Hasan used in the June 2007 presentation . "  Muslims -LSB- sic -RSB- soldiers should not serve in any capacity that renders them at risk to hurting/killing believers unjustly , " a Hasan slide said , though he added that individual feelings "  will vary ! " Hasan is the only suspect in the shooting at the Fort Hood Army post in Texas on Thursday that left 13 people dead and 42 wounded . Twelve of the dead were soldiers . Hasan remains in intensive care at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , after having been shot by a police officer . Dr. Val Finnell , a former medical school classmate of Hasan 's , described him as "  a very outspoken opponent of the war " in the classroom and in public settings . "  He equated the war against terror with a war against Islam , " Finnell said . He added that he was shocked by Thursday 's shooting . "  However , that said , given the things that Maj. Hasan has said to me in the past and to other people , I am not surprised . " Hasan 's comments came in what was supposed to be a medical seminar , The Washington Post reported , but instead he spoke to senior Army doctors about Islam . Hasan , a psychiatrist , aimed to describe "  religious conflicts that Muslims may have with the current wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , " according to the newspaper 's report . The report is based on a slideshow that The Washington Post said Hasan used in the June 2007 presentation . See the presentation and the Post 's report In a statement issued Monday night , the FBI said its investigation "  indicates that the alleged gunman acted alone and was not part of a broader terrorist plot . " Hasan came under investigation for a time last year when his communications with radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators monitoring the cleric 's communications , a federal law enforcement official said . An employee of the Defense Department 's Criminal Investigative Services , assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , ultimately made the decision to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan 's personnel files . However , a senior defense department official said late Tuesday that the agency was not aware of any such communication . "  Contrary to reports we have seen in some news outlets , based on what we know now , neither the United States Army nor any other organization within the Department of Defense knew of Major Hasan 's contacts with any Muslim extremists , " the official said . "  Not until after the tragic shooting at Fort Hood last week were Major Hasan 's e-mail communications first brought to our attention by federal investigators . " President Obama traveled to Fort Hood for a memorial service on Tuesday for the victims of the shooting . Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and other dignitaries also attended the service . Read profiles of the shooting victims Hasan , 39 , was wounded several times during the attack . His ventilator was removed over the weekend , and he began talking afterward , hospital spokesman Dewey Mitchell said . Federal agents attempted to interview Hasan on Sunday , but he refused to cooperate and asked for an attorney , according to senior investigative officials , who insisted they not be identified by name because of the sensitive nature of the ongoing federal investigation . Hasan has retained a lawyer , ex-military judge and retired Army Col. John Galligan , the attorney told CNN affiliate KXXV-TV . "  Like anybody that 's facing criminal charges in the military arena , he 's entitled to a defense counsel , " Galligan told the station . Galligan said he had a 25-minute conversation with Hasan , and the two did not talk much about the Fort Hood shooting . "  There 's still a lot to be done on the medical side , " Galligan said . Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . He was promoted to major in May and was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan sometime soon but had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military . Hasan , a Muslim , also told his family that he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 . In August , he reported to police that his car was keyed and a bumper sticker that read "  Allah is Love " was torn off . A neighbor was charged with criminal mischief after that complaint .	Official : Let Muslims be conscientious objectors , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan said Former classmate says Hasan opposed war on terror Hasan remains in intensive care , has reportedly retained lawyer
CNN  -- When photography first became a method to document events , both large and small , more than a century ago , there was a certain understanding that what one was seeing in a picture was more or less what happened . The ability to use photography to recount life in a visual way and replicate it in the mass media allowed people around the world to see and understand things they may only have imagined before . The "  truth " of photography , embodied by the phrase "  the camera does n't lie , " was something that came to be generally accepted . Yet the camera , like most tools used by people , is more than capable of lying if used in the wrong way . A picture is simply a moment , and although we might think we can divine what it is we are looking at , there are times when a visual representation of life is simply neither the whole truth , nor nothing but the truth . Increasingly , with the ubiquitous arrival of smartphones , what matters most is simply that someone , not necessarily a trained professional , was able to take a photograph by the simple fact that he or she was present . According to an old press photography saw , when a long-time pro was asked how he made a picture , he replied "  f/8 , and be there , " capturing the essence of what news photography is really about . It is the ability to witness , and capture , a moment in time . Does it always tell the "  truth ? " That is a good question , since what we define as truth can sometimes have many meanings . If a picture is meant to be the sole , definitive description of what happened , and no one else is around to see , then to a certain degree , we might have to accept its veracity . But the ever-increasing presence of cameras , both traditional and camera phones , has added a new dimension to what we see . And with the invention and perfection of Photoshop and other photo editing software , it has become much easier to add to , take away from , or alter an image to change its very nature . Can the camera lie ? Not sure . Can photographers or editors lie ? Most assuredly , if they are of a mind to . The photograph of President Obama taking a "  selfie " with the British and Danish prime ministers is a case in point . Many news organizations and social media platforms jumped on the bandwagon to showcase the photographs where Michelle Obama is looking away , with what could be considered an angry expression . Yet those pictures may not necessarily tell the whole story . The AFP photographer who took the photos wrote a blog describing how surprised he was at the reaction to them . And though he released no photos showing the first lady looking more light-hearted , he says , the glum look in the published pictures was simply a moment "  captured by chance . " A photojournalist covering an event will take dozens , sometimes hundreds , of pictures in the process . For large-scale events -- the Olympics , political conventions -- often the photographer does n't even get to edit his own pictures , that job being handed off to an editor . In the digital , WiFi , connected age , this becomes the efficient way of getting work processed and out into the real world . In the end , as viewers , we have to try to sift through not only what we are seeing , but try to understand what we are not seeing . The growth of social media and the concept of so-called "  citizen-journalists , " has created a real quandary for the older forms of media and news delivery . Most professional journalists , both photographers and writers , try to adhere to a code of fairness and objectivity . In the United States , it 's only in the last generation that politically charged , partisan reporting has started to become the norm . It may seem old-fashioned to think that the light of truth is the most important force for good . But that is the place where most professional photographers stand . When you decide on your message first , and then try to make the reporting adjust to it , you have created a place where truth becomes the first casualty . And if you ask it to , the camera -- like the people who use it -- can certainly lie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Burnett .	David Burnett : People used to believe that photojournalism depicted the truth A picture is just a moment , he says , not the whole truth . Context is important Photographer says his shots of President Obama and the first lady were misinterpreted Burnett : Pros try to make photos truthful , but photos can lie if they 're misused
CNN  -- McLaren 's Jenson Button has been hit with a five-place grid penalty ahead of this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix after a new gearbox was fitted to his car . Post-race checks on the 2009 world champion 's MP4-27 car revealed a transmission issue which could not be repaired . Button 's teammate and fellow Briton Lewis Hamilton was forced to retire from the Singapore Grand Prix earlier this month with an identical problem . Formula One rules state a driver must use the same gearbox for five races in a row or face a grid penalty . Hamilton has avoided any punishment as he did not finish the grand prix . Schumacher coy on Sauber switch The 32-year-old Button has won two races this year , in Australia and Belgium , and sits sixth in the drivers ' standings with 119 points . The Briton will be paired with a new driver next season , with Mexico 's Sergio Perez drafted in from Sauber as a replacement for the departing Hamilton . It was announced last week Hamilton would be joining German manufacturer Mercedes on a three-year deal , ending his career-long association with McLaren . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso is the current championship leader , 29 points clear of two-time title winner Sebastian Vettel with just six races remaining . Button will be hoping for a repeat of last year 's victory at the Suzuka circuit when racing gets underway on Sunday .	Jenson Button to serve five-place grid penalty at the Japanese Grand Prix The McLaren driver punished after a new gearbox had to be fitted to his car F1 rules dictate a driver must use the same gearbox for five races in a row The Japanese Grand Prix takes place at Suzuka on Sunday
Afghanistan 's presidential election season is underway . In a sign of genuine political progress , the government has begun accepting nominations for candidates to succeed President Hamid Karzai . This process started just weeks after the nation 's Assembly passed legislation providing a legal framework for the presidential , provincial council and parliamentary elections . Nothing is more important for Afghanistan than building on the liberalizing achievements of the past decade and preventing a slide back toward repression . This is why it is crucial to retain and expand the hard-won rights of Afghan women . Gender equality is n't just a matter of moral fairness -- it 's essential to the country 's economic and political health and to ensuring that the nation has a secure , peaceful and stable future . Since the fall of the Taliban , Afghan women 's rights have expanded significantly . The country 's current constitution affords equal protection to men and women , guaranteeing women the right to education , political participation and economic opportunity . Afghan women are now employed at jobs ranging from doctor to police officer -- unthinkable under the Taliban . An Oxfam report found that school enrollment among girls has increased from roughly 5,000 to 2.4 million . These are encouraging developments . But there is so much more progress to be made . Afghan women are still the targets of institutional discrimination and gender-based violence . Here in the last half of 2013 , two consecutive Ministry of Women 's Affairs chiefs were assassinated . In August , female parliamentarian Fariba Ahmadi Kakar was kidnapped by Taliban militants . A few days later , the vehicle envoy of female Sen. Roh Gul Khairzad was ambushed , leading to the death of her 8-year-old daughter . And in mid-September , Afghanistan 's top female police officer was shot as she left her home . This violence is organized . Sima Samar , head of the Independent Human Rights Commission of Afghanistan , has noted that by targeting high-profile women , the Taliban seeks to "  limit the active presence and activities of women in their society . " Indeed , a new United Nations report finds that in the first six months of 2013 , the deaths of women and children jumped 38 compared to the same period last year . American forces will be drawn down next year . It 's absolutely imperative that their exit not bring on a backslide . The country 's government must be expected to keep its commitments to women and girls . Gender equality is about affirming human dignity , and it starts with improving access to education . The statistics tell the story . Mortality rates for children younger than 5 are 50 % lower for mothers who have attended primary school . Educated women are less likely to die during childbirth and more likely to send their own children to school . These children then grow up to be the educated young citizens essential to sustained economic growth . These facts should n't be surprising . Education is a basic human right and its impact is transformative in any society . Educated women are major contributors to Afghanistan 's economy . Each additional year of primary school improves a woman 's earning potential by 10 % to 20 % . Women also provide an indispensable voice in political institutions . Here in the United States , after gaining the right to vote , women drew attention to underappreciated issues such as maternal health and child care , resulting in policy shifts that significantly reduced child mortality rates . Given the enormous challenges that Afghanistan faces , the country can not afford to regress back to a system in which some of its brightest minds are left out of the political process or any part of society . Afghanistan 's elections and the impending drawdown of American troops mark a new era in the country 's development . The international community must work to ensure that women 's gains in recent years are protected and that Afghan women continue to make political and economic progress . Any future support for the country 's government must be explicitly tied to continued defense of equal rights and continued progress of female citizens . For peace and prosperity , we must not abandon the women of Afghanistan .	Paula Dobriansky , Melanne Verveer : Afghanistan vote must preserve gains by women They say post-Taliban women 's rights have grown , but recent violence has targeted them They say gender equality and education for women is crucial to nation 's economic growth Writers : Future support for country 's government must be tied to defense of equal rights
CNN  -- Forget kissing babies , to win office in Brazil you may have to leap a building in a single bound . Latin America 's largest economy will head to the ballot on October 5 . Voting is compulsory for Brazilians , so with dozens of local and federal congressional seats in the offing , candidates rely on the exciting and the occasionally bizarre to attract attention . That 's especially true on the small screen . One candidate dressed as Wonder Woman to woo voters . Another created his own superhero : a laser-beam shooting anti-communist . He takes to the skies flying from communist project to communist project , obliterating them with a laser-focused glance . Others have taken the more obvious comedy route . A congressman known by his stage name , Tiririca , has a video where he appears in a wig alongside dancers that would n't be out of place at a Miley Cyrus show . In another video he makes a bathroom joke involving a politicians "  main role " and a roll of toilet paper . But perhaps he is just sticking with what works . He is forecast to keep his job , no matter how unsavory its role . But some Brazilians do n't share this sense of humor . One voter blames the proliferation of the humorous ads on "  low education levels " and voters who think "  elections are just a joke . " Another pointed to a serious problem , saying that voters think "  everyone is corrupt so they vote for some guy because he 's funny . " And it 's not just superheroes and a clown filling up the legally mandated free air time . There 's a Jesus , a few Barack Obamas and even a couple bin Ladens .	Brazilian voters head to the polls on October 5 Candidates are trying to stand out with funny , bizarre campaign ads Ads features dancers , superheroes and Barack Obama impersonators
CNN  -- Even before her 18th birthday , Maria had already been enslaved by a gang of human traffickers and held in captivity for four months in her homeland of Mexico . While a prisoner , Maria witnessed a sickening trade in human life and recalls how young girls were drugged , forced into prostitution and then murdered . What makes Maria 's story so special is that she was one of the lucky ones who were able to escape . Maria , whose real name we are n't using , used to live in the border town of Ciudad Juarez . The city is home to two drug cartels that fight a bloody turf war for lucrative smuggling routes to America . In a four-day period , 41 people were murdered , while over the past decade , 450 women were killed and 3,000 went missing . "  Today girls are still going missing but their bodies are never found , " Miguel Perea , a local journalist told Britain 's Channel 4 . "  There 's no trace of them and their mothers and families of these girls -- they have n't got a clue what 's happened to them . " Maria described how at the age of 16 she was lured off the streets by a young man who promised the world , but delivered nothing but pain . She was raped , drugged and sold for sex . "  They took a gallon of gasoline and started pouring it over a girl , " Maria said . "  One of the men told me if you do n't do as I say I will do the same to you . "  I wanted to look away , but they did n't let me . Even though the girl was on fire they kept hitting her and they were laughing as if they were enjoying what they were doing . " Maria described a cross-border trade in young children and babies -- with orders coming in regularly from the U.S. "  They stole the children and one of the gang members took a six-year-old kid that I had to look after for three hours . "  He told me he wanted to see his mummy then I started crying and said ' I do n't think you 're ever going to see your mummy again . ' " The claims that Maria made were so serious that she was asked by the Department of Homeland Security to come to the U.S. to tell her story . Mexican authorities accompanied Maria on her trip to Houston to work alongside U.S. authorities on the case . The U.S. State Department estimates that more than 20,000 people are trafficked into the U.S. each year -- mainly destined for the sex trade . Authorities have launched an immediate investigation into Maria 's story . "  I want to tell the story so that in the near future , other girls do n't go through the same , " Maria said . "  Women are sold , they are abducted , bought and even killed by these men . "  If these men are ever found , jail wo n't be enough to make them pay for the way they 've made us feel . "	The Mexican border town of Ciudad Juarez is one of the world 's most dangerous Hundreds of young women and children disappear each year in Mexico Maria told her story to U.S. authorities who are now working on her case
CNN  -- When it comes to the theater , Jose Mourinho is the man who really does seem to sense that all the world 's a stage . On his return to the Bernabeu following the winter break , Mourinho was cast as villain once again as the home crowd poured forth their ire onto the Portuguese coach . Forget that Real won this game against Real Sociedad 4-3 and did so after playing with ten men for most of the contest . ' I hate my social life , ' says Mourinho It was Mourinho 's decision to leave goalkeeper Iker Casillas , a national and Real treasure on the substitute bench , which had irked those in the stands . The natives are unhappy with Mourinho 's management style , not to mention the fact that Real sits 16 points off league leader and great rival Barcelona after just 18 games . Casillas , who started on the bench , entered the action after just six minutes when fellow goalkeeper Adan was sent off for a professional foul . The Spain international played the remaining 84 minutes , but Mourinho was still subjected to criticism from the stands . "  Perfect . Let them whistle me before the match and then support the team as they are doing . I think the whistles are for leaving Casillas out and also because we are not achieving our aims in the championship , " Mourinho told reporters . "  There are others who did n't applaud and are not happy with his  Casillas '  performances . If I am not doing well it is normal that they whistle and it is something you have to live with . I do n't want to be a hero independently of my performances . " "  I told Adan before the game that the whistles he is likely to hear are for me and not for him but in my opinion there was a lack of respect for him . "  He is a player who has been 16 years at Real Madrid , he was born in Madrid and he did n't deserve that . "  Adan deserves to be happy but I do n't know why in Spain that happened . The problem is that the press have turned an attack on Jose Mourinho into a lack of respect for Adan . " Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig - A right to privacy ? While supporters may have been angry at Mourinho , they were at least treated to a thrilling affair with Real Sociedad playing a full part . Xabi Prieto scored a hat-trick for the visitor , but still could n't prevent Real from taking all three points . Two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and further strikes from Karim Benzema and Sami Khedira sealed the win . Sociedad also finished the game with ten men after Dani Estrada was shown a second yellow card in the 80th minute . Vilanova returns Elsewhere , Barcelona welcomed coach Tito Vilanova back from cancer surgery with a comfortable 4-0 win over city rival Espanyol . Vilanova underwent an operation to remove a tumor from his lung after suffering a recurrence of a problem on his parotid gland -- located at the back of his mouth . Is Barca boss Vilanova coach of the year ? "  I would like to thank everyone for their support , " Vilanova told reporters . "  This club has had a lot of knocks in the last couple of years but I always want to take the positive approach . What has happened to me could have happened to anyone . "  This is not over yet and there will be days that I can take training and others I ca n't , but I want the media to realize that this illness is mine and it is private . " Pedro Rodriguez hit a double with Xavi Hernandez and Lionel Messi also on target as Barca made it 17 league wins from 18 games . Atletico Madrid sits 11 points adrift in second following a 1-1 draw at Mallorca , while Celta Vigo eased its relegation worries with a 3-1 win over Real Valladolid . Llorente opens talks with Juventus In Italy , Juventus suffered a shock defeat after going down 2-1 at home to Sampdoria . Sebastian Giovinco had given Juve a 24th minute lead from the penalty spot , but a classy double from Emanuel Icardi allowed Samporia to snatch all three points . Juventus sits five points clear at the summit with Lazio in second following its 2-1 win at Cagliari on Saturday . Juve 's defeat will have come as a relief to Inter , which is already nine points off the pace and was beaten 3-0 by Udinese in Sunday 's early game . Antonio di Natale scored twice and Luis Muriel was also on target as Udinese eased to victory . Napoli crushed Roma 4-1 thanks to a stunning hat-trick from Uruguay international Edinson Cavani . Elsewhere , AC Milan claimed a 2-1 win over Siena thanks to goals from Bojan and Giampaolo Pazzini , while there were also wins for Chievo , Genoa and Parma . Chelsea striker Sturridge joins Liverpool In the English FA Cup , arguably the most famous domestic knockout competition in world club football , Premier League giant Liverpool was given a scare by fifth tier side Mansfield . The minnow put up a brave fight before going out 2-1 with Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez scoring for Liverpool , which faces third tier Oldham in the next round . In the day 's other tie , Swansea and Arsenal finished level at 2-2 following a frantic second half . Spain striker Michu gave the home side the lead before goals from Lukas Podolski and Kieran Gibbs appeared to have put Arsenal through . But Danny Graham popped up with a late equaliser to ensure the teams meet again in a replay . Demba Ba debut double fires Chelsea into fourth round The winners of the tie will face Gus Poyet 's Brighton & Hove Albion in the next round . Other notable ties in the fourth round will see Premier League champions Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace or Stoke , West Ham or Manchester United host Fulham or Blackpool , while Chelsea will go to minnow Southend or local neighbors Brentford . Meanwhile , Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel insists he will be fit to play for Nigeria at the Africa Cup of Nations , despite missing the club 's past three games with a knee injury . "  I 'm okay , " he told reporters . "  I had a knock two weeks ago and was told to rest for some time , but now I am fit and I actually started training two days ago with the Chelsea first team . "  So there should be no fears about any injury . I 'm ready for the Nations Cup . " Love and romance flourishes in France After Lyon 's shock defeat to amateur side Epinal , league leader Paris Saint-Germain was given a scare of its very own in the French Cup . Minnow Arras took PSG all the way to the wire before eventually falling to a 4-3 defeat in a thrilling cup tie .	Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho hits back at criticism Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real win 4-3 against Sociedad Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova returned to the dugout following cancer surgery Juventus stunned at home by Sampdoria , Inter lose at Udinese
CNN  -- Radical Islamist fighters seized control of the seat of Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government Monday , raiding the parliament building and demanding that several lawmakers publicly surrender , according to a journalist who witnessed the spectacle . Members of the Somali Transitional Federal Parliament are meeting in the neighboring country of Djibouti . Al-Shabab fighters took over the parliament building and the presidential palace in Baidoa , in the southwestern part of the country , a day after the Ethiopian troops who had backed up the transitional government left the country . The insurgents captured five members of parliament and paraded them through the city streets , with hundreds of residents looking on , the reporter said . The five were released after publicly surrendering . The situation left Somali lawmakers stranded in the neighboring country of Djibouti , where they often convene and where talks on forming a new government are under way . "  We have nowhere to return to , " Parliament Speaker Aden Mohamed Nur told fellow lawmakers there . Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government took office after Ethiopian troops invaded the country at its request in December 2006 . The Ethiopian invasion ousted the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamist movement that had claimed control of the capital Mogadishu earlier that year . Ethiopia 's invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . But various Islamist groups -- including the hard-line Al-Shabab , which the United States has designated a terror organization -- rejected the presence of Ethiopian forces and mounted an insurgent campaign against the Ethiopians and the transitional government . Ethiopia announced on Sunday that all its forces have left Somalia . Last week , as Ethiopian troops began pulling out of the Somali capital , forces from different Islamist groups -- including Al-Shabab -- took control of bases the Ethiopians abandoned around Mogadishu . The transitional government maintained very little control outside of Baidoa , even with the support of the Ethiopian forces . It has also been wracked by an internal power struggle between Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein and President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , who resigned in December . In Washington , the State Department said U.S. officials are working to independently confirm the reports from Baidoa . But State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said members of one of the major Islamic factions , which signed a peace agreement in October in Djibouti , are already joining the transitional government . Duguid said the Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia , another offshoot of the ICU , will choose up to 200 new members of the transitional parliament . Another 75 members will be drawn from other opposition groups , and the expanded parliament is expected to elect a new president soon . "  We remain deeply concerned about the ongoing violence in southern Somalia , which continues to claim innocent lives , " Duguid said . "  Lasting peace and stability in Somalia can only be established through the reconciliation process underway through the Djibouti Agreement and rejection of extremism . " With Monday 's takeover of Baidoa , the transitional government only has control of the presidential palace in the Somali capital of Mogadishu and the road to the airport in the capital city , which it holds with the help of African Union forces . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalists Mohamed Amiin Adow and Omar Faruk Osman contributed to this report .	Islamist fighters seize control of Baidoa , Somalia Baidoa is headquarters of Somalia 's U.N.-backed government Town 's seizure leaves country 's lawmakers stranded in nation of Djibouti
As a multi award-winning chef , bestselling author , TV channel proprietor and hugely successful syndicated show host , Sanjeev Kapoor is arguably the world 's most revered exponent of Indian cuisine . For the past 18 years he has concocted a handful of new recipes every week as the host of "  Khana Khazana , " said to be India 's most watched , and Asia 's longest-running , cookery program . As if that were n't impressive enough , Kapoor has penned 36 cookbooks , while his website consistently attracts a hungry audience of 25 million users a month . Suffice to say , the man has a distinguished rep in the venerable tradition of Indian cuisine . But the myriad blend of spices and stimulation of the senses that characterize his country 's culinary heritage could n't be more at odds with the restrained subtlety that dominates contemporary cooking in northern Europe . So it is perhaps testament to Kapoor 's desire for a challenge that he chose Copenhagen , Denmark , as the location for his "  Fusion Journey . " See more Fusion Journeys Here he would meet with , and learn from , Rene Redzepi , head chef and proprietor of Noma , the two Michelin-star restaurant ranked best in the world by Restaurant magazine , where fresh ingredients and simplicity reign supreme . His mission was to synthesize the two divergent culinary traditions , and ultimately combine them into a completely original dish of his own . In his own words , Kapoor looks back over his Fusion Journey . Sanjeev Kapoor : When you 've been in the profession for as long as I have , it 's imperative to keep making new discoveries , to go beyond your particular area of expertise . And the best way to do that is to travel . So I could n't resist the chance to fly to Copenhagen . With its Scandinavian climate and classic European architecture , it 's a world away from Mumbai -- and the style of our cuisines are just as contrasting . The challenge is that from an Indian perspective taste is paramount . Our savory dishes are more salty , our hot dishes are more hot , our sweet dishes are more sweet , our sour things are more sour . This is all because the use and blend of spices is very bold -- the objective is to embellish and we often have 15 to 20 contrasting herbs and spices in a single dish . But Rene and his Nordic cuisine is all about simplicity . It 's all about passion and appreciation for the ingredients themselves . This philosophy was immediately apparent as soon as we journeyed out to the farms around Copenhagen , where Rene buys most of his food directly . This emphasis on sourcing fresh ingredients , having a relationship with the producers , knowing the history of the food , is something I admire and relate to -- but not something that I 'm able to practice very often in my country . It 's an irony that the act of going to back to nature , as it were , is something that is so easy to do in India , and yet we have been going in the opposite direction . Unlike a lot of the industrialized West , we 're generally much closer to our environment , but we do n't focus on it . Instead , it is all becoming very commercial in nature . The food deliveries arrive at your kitchen and you wo n't know where it 's come from , how far its traveled , who the supplier is , what relationship they have with the grower and so on . This is a shame because you ca n't then guarantee the quality of the product and , on top of that , you lose the emotional connection to the food ... it becomes more like a commodity . See also : Ballet star takes inspiration from Chinese dance Watching Rene work at Noma was a fascinating experience . He has so much reverence for the food and tries to keep the natural essence of his ingredients intact . So for instance , a simple carrot might be slow-roasted for hours , allowing it to soak in its own juices -- really bringing out its essential flavor . In India , we 're quick and explosive in the kitchen -- we 'd rarely cook a vegetable for longer than 15 minutes -- and the culture is about pleasing every taste sense on just one spoon , adding layers of flavor so that they all blend together . But then , of course , the individual ingredients are somewhat hidden . So , how to bring these two very different styles together in one dish ? I took the best of both . While Rene and I had been foraging , I 'd come across some wonderfully fresh and fragrant mustard leaves . It 's not too sharp yet it 's pungent and very mustardy ... something that I have grown up with as it 's very popular in traditional North Indian cooking . I decided to blend this beautiful Norwegian salmon -- coating it with the mustard leaves and some lime , a little seasoning and let it cook gently . The result was a dish that had a distinctive Indian aroma , but with more of a Nordic approach to the style and philosophy of preparation . The respect for the ingredient -- focusing on Mother Nature , one leaf to the next -- has enabled me to return home with a new appreciation for what Indian cuisine still has to offer .	Celebrity Indian chef Sanjeev Kapoor travels to Copenhagen to create fusion of culinary styles Kapoor teams up with Danish chef Rene Redzepi , owner of two Michelin starred "  Noma " Kapoor is inspired by Nordic emphasis on fresh , locally sourced food and simplicity of flavors
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Budgets spiraling out of control ; cast and crew on the verge of collapse ; sets destroyed : Just a few of the catastrophes to afflict the ill-fated productions in The Screening Room 's Top 10 movie shoots from hell . Robert Duvall and Francis Ford Coppola on the set of "  Apocalypse Now . " A typhoon destroyed the sets during this notoriously difficult production . From "  Cleopatra " to "  Apocalypse Now , " these infamous productions have all been struck by extreme weather , tragedy , illness and sometimes death . Amazingly , despite the setbacks , these shoots did n't always result in failure . Some of these films are cinematic gems -- although this list has its fair share of flops as well . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Let us know in the SoundOff box below . 1 . ` Apocalypse Now '  Francis Ford Coppola , 1979  A typhoon that destroyed sets , illness and madness , all marred this notoriously difficult production in the Philippines . With no ending , an overweight Marlon Brando and his reputation on the line , Coppola withdrew into himself and the shoot spiraled out of control , according to his wife Eleanor , whose footage was used in making-of documentary "  Hearts of Darkness . " The shoot drove Coppola to breaking point and also took a toll on the cast -- star Martin Sheen suffered a heart attack aged 38 . 2 . ` Heaven 's Gate '  Michael Cimino , 1980  A disastrous Western that nearly brought down United Artists , the studio founded by Charlie Chaplin . Given free rein , Cimino overspent massively and the original budget of $ 8 million ballooned to a whopping $ 36 million . The historical drama eventually clocked in at three and a half hours . It was slammed by critics and bombed at the box office , paving the way for the sale of United Artists to MGM . Shaken by the extent of the failure , which is still considered one of the biggest in Hollywood history , studios clamped down on the freewheeling excesses of the 1970s and a new , more conservative era was born . 3 . ` Fitzcarraldo '  Werner Herzog , 1982  During this life-threatening shoot , Herzog made cast and crew haul a steamship over a mountain to tell the story of an music fanatic who wants to build an opera house in jungle . Herzog , who did n't want to use special effects , hired local Indians to achieve the feat . As if the challenge of pulling a 320-ton boat was n't enough to deal with , the production was plagued by heavy rains , casting problems -- lead actor Jason Robards had to be replaced by Klaus Kinski due to illness , while Mick Jagger dropped out due to a Rolling Stones concert -- and a border war that broke out between Peru and Ecuador . 4 . ` Twilight Zone : The Movie '  John Landis , 1983  Tragedy hit the production of John Landis ' feature film version of the TV series when a special-effects explosion caused a helicopter to lose control during a Vietnam War scene . Lead actor Vic Morrow and child actors Renee Chen and My-ca Dinh Le were killed when the helicopter crashed on them . Landis and other crew members were charged with involuntary manslaughter . All plead not guilty and were acquitted of the charges . 5 . ` Cleopatra '  Joseph Mankiewicz , 1963  The historical epic starring Elizabeth Taylor , Rex Harrison and Richard Burton nearly bankrupted 20th Century Fox . Shooting dragged on for years , with production being halted several times due to Taylor 's illnesses . At one point , she nearly died after catching pneumonia and had to undergo an emergency tracheotomy . The movie had its fair share of scandal too , thanks to the affair Taylor and Burton started during filming . By the time the movie was finally finished , it had a new director  Joseph Mankiewicz signed on after Rouben Mamoulian resigned  , was over schedule and way over budget . Some estimates put the final cost at $ 60 million , making it one of the most expensive movies ever made if translated into today 's dollars . 6 . ` The Man Who Killed Don Quixote '  Terry Gilliam , unfinished  Terry Gilliam 's attempt to bring Cervantes 's hero to the big screen began unraveling from the first day of filming . Lead actor Jean Rochefort immediately fell ill , and if that was n't calamitous enough , a flash flood washed away the entire set in northern Spain . Rochefort eventually ended up in the hospital and since co-star Johnny Depp had other commitments and could n't wait for Rochefort to recover , Gilliam was forced to abandon the film . The whole shoot is chronicled in 2002 documentary "  Lost in La Mancha . " The ambitious director recently told movie magazine , Empire , that the project is up and running again and that shooting will begin next spring . No word yet though on who will play the man of La Mancha . 7 . ` The Crow '  Alex Proyas , 1994  This ill-fated production took a tragic turn after lead Brandon Lee died on set in 1993 . He was shot by a misloaded prop gun . The untimely death of Brandon Lee , the son of martial arts legend Bruce Lee who suffered a bizarre death of his own in 1973  father and son are buried side-by-side in Seattle  , added an eerie dimension to the already dark film about a man who comes back from the dead . 8 . ` Aguirre : The Wrath of God '  Werner Herzog , 1972  It 's no surprise that controversial director Herzog makes this list twice . While filming "  Aguirre , " he threatened to shoot Klaus Kinski when the actor tried to bail on the film . Herzog has said that as Kinski was packing this things into a speed boat to make his escape , he told him very quietly that he "  would have eight bullets through his head before he reached the next bend of the river . " While Herzog denies wielding a gun at the time he made the threat , he has said he did have a gun on set . 9 . ` Dancer in the Dark '  Lars von Trier , 2000  Lars von Trier has a reputation for being hard on his actors and for Icelandic singer Bjork 's acting debut , he certainly did n't pull any punches . It 's rumored that Bjork became so unhinged during the shoot that she ate her own cardigan . Von Trier has claimed that every morning Bjork would say , "  Mr. von Trier , I despise you , " and spit at him . The experience was so traumatic for Bjork that afterwards she insisted she 'd never act again . 10 . ` Three Kings '  David O. Russell , 1999  Director David O. Russell and actor George Clooney are reported to have physically confronted each other on the set of this Iraq war drama over the filmmaker 's treatment of an extra . Five years later , Russell famously blew up at veteran actress Lily Tomlin after she berated him while filming "  I Heart Huckabees " in 2004 -- an episode that became a hit on YouTube . "  I felt bad for Lily , " Clooney said about the "  Huckabees " incident to EW.com in 2007 . "  But I also felt a little vindicated for anyone that thought that that had anything to do with me on -LSB- "  Three Kings " -RSB- . Russell , for his part , says he is not the biggest fan of movie stars . "  Clooney went a long way towards that , " he told UK broadsheet The Daily Telegraph in 2004 .	These shoots endured a string of disastrous setbacks before calling it a wrap Werner Herzog threatened to kill an actor who tried to leave the set of "  Aguirre " "  Heaven 's Gate " is considered one of the biggest failures in Hollywood history Tragic deaths occurred during the filming of "  Twilight Zone " and "  The Crow "
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski , arrested in Switzerland over the weekend , will fight extradition to the United States where he faces sentencing for having sex with a 13-year-old girl , his California lawyers said Monday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . "  An issue related to the Swiss extradition matter is presently being litigated before the California Court of Appeal , " attorneys Douglas Dalton and Chad Hummel said in a prepared statement . Separate legal counsel will represent Polanksi in any legal proceedings in Switzerland , they added . Meanwhile , prosecutors in Los Angeles , California , released a detailed timeline of the Polanski case , which dates to 1977 . It indicated that prosecutors had tried to have Polanski arrested and extradited from Israel in 2007 . It also shows that prosecutors obtained a "  provisional arrest warrant " upon learning on September 22 that Polanski planned to travel to Switzerland to participate in a film festival . The warrant was obtained through the U.S. Department of Justice 's Office of International Affairs , and Swiss authorities executed it on Saturday . Watch Polanski 's victim speak out " The DA 's timeline revealed that multiple attempts have been made over the years to take Polanski into custody for extradition . Those attempts involved Polanski 's planned travels to England , Canada , Germany , Denmark , Sweden , Brazil and Israel . Earlier on Monday , French authorities expressed solidarity with Roman Polanski 's family and outrage over the arrest . French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said he hoped authorities would respect Polanski 's rights "  and that the affair  will  come to a favorable resolution , " the Foreign Ministry said in a statement . The French culture and communications minister , Frederic Mitterrand , said he "  learned with astonishment " of Polanski 's arrest . He expressed solidarity with Polanski 's family and said "  he wants to remind everyone that Roman Polanski benefits from great general esteem " and has "  exceptional artistic creation and human qualities . " Investigators in the United States say Polanski drugged and raped a 13-year-old girl in the 1970s . Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 to having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , but he fled the United States before he could be sentenced . He settled in France . U.S. authorities have had a warrant for his arrest since 1978 . Police in Switzerland arrested Polanski on that warrant Saturday after the 76-year-old tried to enter Switzerland to attend the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to Polanski this year . Filmmakers have reacted with outrage at the arrest . "  As a Swiss filmmaker , I feel deeply ashamed , " Christian Frei said . "  He 's a brilliant guy , and he made a little mistake 32 years ago . What a shame for Switzerland , " said photographer Otto Weisser , a friend of Polanski . The Polish Filmmakers Association posted a letter on its Web site Monday from the European Film Academy secretariat that protested "  the arbitrary treatment of one of the world 's most outstanding film directors . " The letter , which was read aloud at the festival , was signed by directors Wim Wenders , Volker Schloendorff and Bertrand Tavernier ; actress Victoria Abril ; cinematographer Peter Suschitzky ; and screenwriter and actor Jean-Claude Carriere . Mitterrand said he has spoken with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and that Sarkozy "  shares his hope for a rapid resolution to the situation which would allow Roman Polanski to rejoin his family as quickly as possible . " Mitterrand said he "  greatly regrets that Mr. Polanski has had yet another difficulty added to an already turbulent existence . " Polanski won an Academy Award for best director in 2003 for "  The Pianist . " He was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . A spokesman for the Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was arrested upon arrival at the airport . A provisional arrest warrant was issued last week out of Los Angeles , California , after authorities learned he was going to be in Switzerland , Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office , told CNN on Sunday . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalized , " ministry spokesman Guido Balmer said in an e-mail . Watch what happens now for Polanski " Gibbons said the extradition process will be determined in Switzerland , but said authorities are ready to move forward with Polanski 's sentencing process , depending on what happens in Zurich . Polanski was accused of plying the then-teenage girl , Samantha Geimer , with champagne and a sliver of a Quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was there . She said Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in a probation report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski 's lawyers tried this year to have the charges thrown out , but a judge in Los Angeles rejected the request . However , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the teen avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February 2009 hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film , "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , " that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Geimer is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . She filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . CNN 's Morgan Neill , Frederik Pleitgen , Brooke Bowman , Karan Olson and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Polanski was arrested en route to Zurich Film Festival , which was honoring him The Oscar winner pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl in 1977 He has lived in France for decades to avoid arrest if he enters the U.S. Polanski won Oscar for best director for "  The Pianist " but did not attend ceremony
ULAANBAATAR , Mongolia  CNN  -- Standing slightly more than 4 feet tall , 9-year-old Tuguldur proudly stated the greatest challenge he faced in a horse race across the Mongolian plains in the country 's annual Naadam Festival was serenading his horse . Young wrestlers cheer on teammates during the opening round at the Naadam Festival . "  The hardest part of the race was singing to my horse while riding , " said Tuguldur , wiping perspiration from the July sun off his face . The long-distance horse race is exclusively for children , ranging in ages from 6 to 12 . Riding up to 30 kilometers  19 miles  , these children maneuver their galloping steeds on a thin saddle pad that often does not have stirrups . "  Mongolians believe they can communicate with their horses through singing , and their horse will go faster , " said Tamir , a senior at Mongolian University . "  This is why the kids must keep singing during the race . " Singing to racing horses is just one part of Mongolia 's Naadam Festival , an annual event believed to have existed for centuries , and rivaling the Olympics as the premier sporting event in the central Asian nation . "  For us Mongolians , the Naadam Festival is what we look forward to all year , " said Dashtsogtsol Erdenetuya , who has competed in the Naadam Festival for the past 22 years . "  It is our tradition and a reminder of an ancient way of life . Getting gold in this festival brings as much honor as any Olympic medal . " Held every July , the Naadam Festival was possibly founded as long ago as 800 years ago by Genghis Khan . The festival is believed to have started as a way for Mongols to train for military and hunting expeditions . Today , it formally commemorates the 1921 revolution when Mongolia declared itself a free country . Many of Naadam 's customs , which include wearing traditional clothes and singing hymns once sung in battle , are still followed , a sign of the importance of the festival . "  In the Naadam Festival , everyone knows who you are ; many companies will sponsor you , and if you win , you can become the face of the country , " said Nasanbat Oyunbat , director of the Mongolian Olympic National Team . "  The Olympics are only now becoming popular in Mongolia and were televised for the first time in the 2004 Games in Athens . " "  The horses in the Naadam Festival have higher endurance than the horses that will compete in the Olympic Equestrian events in August , " bragged Edward Rochette , an American lawyer who married a Mongolian woman and is living in Ulaanbaatar . "  Most thoroughbreds would die if you ran them for 30 km . The Mongolian horses have been running across these plains for hundreds of years and have developed the correct body type for this kind of sport . " Rochette 's wife 's family lives in a yurt  round animal skin tent  , owns more than 1,500 and entered 20 horses in the three-day race competition this year , which was visited by thousands of tourists . "  I was overwhelmed watching the clouds of dust rise across the prairie as the horses galloped to the finish line , " explained Miep Thulijls , a tourist from Holland . "  I could not believe these tiny kids could ride for so long and was terrified when I saw one of the children fall off his horse like a rag doll . " The age limit was raised from 4 to 6 after a child was killed in a race a few years ago . Only small children are allowed to compete in this event because they are particularly light . The kids are generally rewarded with warm mare 's milk and candy while the horse owners get money and sometimes even cars . Wrestling without weight limits Mongolian wrestling has no weight divisions ; a time limit was only introduced after a match went on for more than four hours . Wrestlers compete in single elimination events and are weeded down from 512 participants during nine rounds of competition . "  It is more difficult to wrestle the little guys because they are so quick , " complained Gantogtokh , who at 130 kilos  286 pounds  is an eighth-generation wrestler . His father placed second in Judo in the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico . Dressed in tight blue shorts and a half shirt , which is usually red or blue , the wrestlers dance around the judges in slow graceful sways and then pay homage to the nine flags dating back to Genghis Khan before and after each match . It is rumored that the dress code , which requires wrestlers to compete without shirts was imposed after a female participated in the event disguised as a man . Many of the male athletes who compete in the free style wrestling and judo events in the Olympic Games were once Naadam Festival winners . But , the Olympic gold medal hopeful this year is a female Judo wrestler . "  Each generation of wrestlers gets stronger as they have more opportunities to work out , " Gantogtokh said . "  I hope this year we will bring home a gold in Judo and wrestling . But , the competition is going to be tough . " Arrows to anklebones Other athletes participated in archery and anklebone shooting . "  This has always been my dream , " beamed Dashtsogtsol Erdenetuya , 36 , who has competed in the Naadam Festival for the past 22 years . "  I placed second the past three years and finally came in first this time . My mother was a champion in 1969 and 1975 and taught me everything I know about archery . " Archery is usually the only event in which women compete . Men shoot from 75 meters and women from 65 meters . Mongolians sing to the archers and stand on either side of the targets . The singers , dressed in elaborate decor , sing three different types of songs , including an invitational song and songs that recognize a good or bad shot . Famous for his ability to shoot backward on horseback , Genghis Khan created the sport of anklebone shooting to strengthen the middle finger of his soldiers , so they would be better skilled in archery . Anklebone shooting is the newest event in the Naadam Festival , only becoming an official sport in 2000 . "  The game is becoming more modern now , " explained Khatanbator , 56 , an anklebone participant . " Competitors now use pieces of deer antler instead of anklebones . It is easier on the wrist to flick than anklebones . But , everyone still refers to the sport as anklebone shooting because it has been this way for hundreds of years . " The competitors are divided into teams of eight who compete against each other . The first to knock all the deer chips down wins . "  People cheer for the other competitor like fans would in a soccer game , " explained Berkfat Tumenjin , a Mongolian tour guide . "  While the singing in other events is used to encourage competitors , the singing in this event is used to distract them . "	Naadam Festival is held every July in Mongolia Competition 's events have origins in military , hunting training Naadam in the most widely watched festival in Mongolia
Tuesday is Veterans Day , and there will be speeches and parades . "  Thank you for your service , " the phrase that 's come to define how America expresses gratitude for its men and women in uniform , will be said , a lot . But what does a holiday -- a single day -- really mean to the 19.6 million veterans it 's meant to honor ? CNN asked a few of them . Their answer : Go beyond the holiday . They encouraged a constant , creative and sensitive focus on veterans ' needs , like improving access to jobs and health care , particularly at Veterans ' Affairs facilities . On Monday the Department of Veterans Affairs ' new secretary announced massive restructuring at the scandal-plagued agency . But the most productive thing anyone outside the military can do is actually very simple and easy , they say : Strike up a conversation with a veteran . Get to know one of them in a meaningful way . There is a wide cultural gap between Americans who have no relationship with the Armed Forces and those who 've served their country . Closing that gap is as necessary as it is long overdue . Here are five ways to connect with veterans all year round . Check your assumptions "  Veterans are very often stereotyped into two stock characters : the crying wounded or the guy who jumps the White House fence to get to the President , " said Paul Rieckhoff , the executive director of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , a national nonprofit with more than 200,000 members . "  Do n't treat us like victims , " said Rieckhoff , an Amherst College graduate and former Wall Street investment analyst who led an Army platoon in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 . "  We 're not broken . We 've been through a lot , but we 're rising out of it . " While national discussion and media coverage of post-traumatic stress disorder has chipped away at some of the generations-old entrenched stigma associated with mental illness , many of these stories involving PTSD make headlines because they involve violence , Rieckhoff said . It 's critical for everyone to remember that having PTSD does n't mean a person will be violent , and not every veteran has PTSD . Each veteran has a unique story . Their military service has probably shaped them in profound ways , but they are not the sum total of that time . Take the time get to know one of them . They have a lot of lessons to share . Five things you may not know about post-traumatic stress disorder Invest in veterans -- it 's good business One of the biggest hurdles service members face after leaving the military is finding a job . About 77 % of veterans have struggled through unemployment and more than a quarter have searched for more than a year for a job , according to Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . But there 's reason for hope , judging by recent figures from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . The unemployment rate for post 9/11 veterans peaked in January 2011 at 15.2 % , CNNMoney reported . In October 2013 , there was 10 % unemployment . Last month , the job picture for veterans improved as unemployment hovered around 7 % .  The national unemployment rate is 5.8 % . Many corporations have launched new hiring initiatives for veterans . In April 2013 , Walmart pledged to give 100,000 veterans jobs within five years . In November 2013 , Starbucks launched a nationwide initiative to hire 10,000 veterans and spouses by the end of 2018 . Uber is driving programs to hire veterans . Want to hire a veteran ? The Returning Heroes Tax Credit should provide a financial incentive . For veterans who need jobs , the veterans job bank and resources on the VA website might help . Trouble traveling ? The Veterans Recruiting Service will host a virtual career fair on Tuesday . Thanks for your service , vets ! Now trying finding a job Help veterans ' families , too While it 's well known that 22 veterans a day kill themselves , a CNN investigation revealed that many military family members also have attempted or contemplated suicide . "  The Uncounted " examined how war 's trauma can wrack entire families . Family members have endured unprecedented multiple deployments during two wars , in Afghanistan and Iraq , lasting more than a decade . That means financial and emotional stress for relatives . If a family member returns from war , it 's often the relatives who must care for them . "  If we ca n't figure out a way to provide better support for families , the public will pay one way or another , " said Kristina Kaufmann , executive director of Code of Support Foundation , which tries to bridge the gap between military and civilian communities . Kaufmann : I was a military spouse who knew wives who killed themselves Every family member interviewed for "  The Uncounted " expressed the same need to be understood by those whose lives had nothing to do with the military . They did n't want to be thought of as "  the other . " "  Do n't be afraid to approach us . This heartache I have -- it makes other people uncomfortable . It hits them in a place that scares them , " said New Jersey parent Bill Koch , whose son Steven died in Afghanistan in 2008 . His daughter committed suicide two years later , an act her parents believe was inextricably tied to losing Steven . "  It can hurt so much more when we feel like we 're making other people uncomfortable by talking about our kids , " Koch said . "  Do n't push military family members away because you 're afraid you 'll say the wrong thing . Just asking us means you care , and that means everything . " Volunteer with veterans ' programs Whether it 's a simple conversation with a veteran or their family member or volunteering , get involved . Figure out what you do best and offer that skill . If you 're a mental health professional , donate your services to Give an Hour , which connects counselors to service members , veterans and their families . Reach out to TAPS , Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors , which connects family members who have lost service members and veterans in similar ways . For instance , if someone 's brother died of an IED attack in Iraq , TAPS links that person with a peer who has lost a sibling in Iraq . The National Military Family Association and Blue Star Families also connects military families with leaders in the civilian community . "  The Uncounted " highlighted an innovative New York clinic that broke from the traditional approach by linking the VA and a private hospital system so both could operate in a single shared office space . Patients , including one Iraq veteran and his wife , credit the clinic for saving their marriage . The RAND Corporation has recently secured funding for a yearlong study of the clinic 's efficacy to see if the program should be replicated across the country , said senior adviser to the project Terri Tanielian , whose career has been focused on veterans issues . An overwhelming number of nonprofits and community groups have popped up over the past decade , making it harder to find a good one , she and others say . Tanielian recommended Welcome Back Veterans , which is intended to help people in the community link to veterans . The effort spans the country , and is based at medical and academic institutions in Boston , Atlanta , Los Angeles , Chicago , New York , Ann Arbor , Michigan , and Durham , North Carolina . Read an in-depth analysis of the program . Pressure the Department of Veterans Affairs The VA is the second largest agency in the U.S. government , rivaled in size only by the Department of Defense . Since November 2013 , CNN has been investigating and reporting about the department 's failures to adequately treat veterans . Records of dead veterans were changed or physically altered in an effort to hide how many people died waiting for treatment at a Phoenix VA hospital , CNN reported . Investigators issued a scathing report that outlined 24 recommendations for change , including a firm determination of how soon a veteran should be treated and a total overhaul of the VA 's appointment system . Part of the shake-up spelled the end of Vietnam veteran and former Army chief of staff Eric Shinseki 's job as VA secretary . He was replaced by Robert McDonald , a West Point graduate who led Procter & Gamble to incredible success . McDonald told "  60 Minutes " on Sunday that he plans to make it much simpler for veterans to get care ; they 'll have to search only one website , not dozens as they must now . Management will change and people who do n't share the VA 's core values wo n't work there anymore . Rieckhoff , the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans ' organization leader , told CNN that McDonald has shown himself to be far more active and aware of the VA 's problems and has showed an eagerness to work with veterans to change the agency . But he also urged people to write their members of Congress to make sure addressing the VA 's problems remains a priority . "  We feel like  McDonald  is different because he 's actually taken the time to meet veterans and ask them what they need , " said Rieckhoff . "  But there has to be much more . Everyone in this country -- beyond us , beyond veterans -- must make sure that the people who can fix the VA stick to their promises and make it happen . "	Do something to help veterans all days of the year , not just on Veterans Day Major needs for veterans include better access to jobs and health care Get to know a veteran to help bridge the cultural gap "  Do n't treat us like victims , " veteran says
With New Delhi 's iconic Red Fort as a backdrop , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced Wednesday his country has set its sights on the Red Planet . In a Wednesday speech marking India 's independence day , Singh said his government has approved plans to put an unmanned probe in orbit around Mars . The mission "  will be a huge step for us in the area of science and technology , " he said . It 's an ambitious goal , with a planned launch in November 2013 for a 10-month flight , said Kiran Karnik , a former official with the Indian Space Research Organization . "  By the time the mission gets there , Mars will be comparatively the closest , " Karnik told CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN . "  So there 's a small window in which we need to make a launch and that 's the reason the mission has to go up next year . " NASA 's Mars rover set for test drive The goal of the mission is to search for clues to the "  geology , origin , evolution and sustainability of life " on Mars , according to an ISRO report published earlier this year . India 's space program launched its first Earth satellite in 1975 and put an unmanned probe into orbit around the moon in 2008 . It plans to launch its first manned spaceflight in 2016 , though an Indian cosmonaut , Rakesh Sharma , flew aboard a Soviet space mission in 1984 . Mars ` Mohawk Guy ' inspires Obama The announcement comes as the U.S. space agency NASA is basking in the successful landing of its Curiosity rover August 6 . If the 2013 mission is successful , India would become the first Asian country to reach Mars : A 1998 attempt by Japan failed to insert itself into martian orbit , while a Chinese probe was lost along with the Russian Phobos-Grunt mission in January . But Karnik said India should n't be concerned with stunts . "  My only concern , if anything , is not the risk of failure , " he said . "  It 's the risk that the program should not get diverted to these high-visibility , somewhat prestige-related events . " Should Mars exploration be a priority for India , in light of the recent infrastructure issues raised by power outages ? Comment below .	Indian Mars probe will be "  a huge step , " Indian PM Singh says The probe has a "  small launch window " in November 2013 India has been launching satellites since 1975 It plans to launch a manned space mission in 2016
CNN  -- Global debate over the Syrian crisis is expected to ratchet up this week , with Russian and European Union leaders grappling with the thorny issue and U.N. members reassessing whether to take further action . Kofi Annan , joint envoy to Syria for the United Nations and the Arab League , will meet Friday with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington to discuss Syria , sources told CNN . The crisis that has killed thousands over 15 months was expected to dominate the agenda at the EU-Russia Summit in St. Petersburg , Russia , on Monday . World leaders have accused Russia of supporting and selling arms to the Syrian regime -- assertions that Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied . China , meanwhile , assumed the revolving presidency of the U.N. Security Council . China and Russia are the only members of the council that have repeatedly barred attempts to formally condemn the Syrian government . But a commentary in China 's state-run People 's Daily newspaper held out hope for a struggling peace plan and warned against military intervention in Syria . "  The international community should support Annan 's peace plan instead of losing confidence and patience , " the paper said . If the Annan plan is blocked , "  then it will most likely push this country into the abyss of full-scale war . " A full-scale civil war would trigger Western military intervention and severe consequences , the People 's Daily said . "  Mass civilian casualties , enormous property losses , an increasingly turbulent society ... the lessons learnt from mistakes made in Libya are still fresh , " the paper said . In Syria on Monday , 42 people were killed Monday , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The LCC posted a letter on its Facebook page slamming Russia and China for blocking tougher action against Syria , and criticizing the U.N. observer mission in the country . "  Based on our own investigation , we have determined that the U.N. observer mission has consciously provided the regime with political cover . Therefore , the U.N. observer mission is not substantively different from that found in the Arab League 's observer mission . The practices of the U.N. observers on the ground confirm that their current mission has been convoluted with political goals , and this is tantamount to putting the cart before the horse . " "  Since the beginning of the uprising , the regime has systematically resorted to lies , claiming the existence of Islamic fundamentalists , Palestinian gunmen and terrorists as part of a vile foreign conspiracy to change the power structure and its relationship to society , " the LCC wrote . "  The regime 's survival , in fact , has become completely dependent on foreign forms of political , economic , military and technical support . " It called on the Security Council and Annan to "  take note of the need for the U.N. observers ' mission to evolve to include a role for the International Criminal Court to undertake an investigation and verify who is responsible for the gunfire and violence . " Syria , meanwhile , said on state-run media that 30 "  army and law enforcement martyrs " were buried Monday . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said about 100 government soldiers have been killed by rebel fighters during the past three days . Al-Assad denied Sunday that government forces were behind the recent "  outrageous " massacre of more than 100 civilians , including dozens of small children , in the town of Houla . "  Truthfully , even monsters do not do what we saw , especially in the Houla massacre , " he told lawmakers . "  The criminal or criminals who committed this crime and others are not criminals for an hour or criminals for a day , they are constant criminals and are surely planning other crimes . " Speaking before the newly elected People 's Assembly , al-Assad decried what he called terrorists and the conspiracy against Syria . "  At this time , we are facing a war from abroad , " al-Assad said in his first public speech since January . "  Dealing with it is different from dealing with people from inside . " His speech came more than a week after the U.N. Security Council condemned the Houla massacre , with members casting blame on government forces for the deaths . Opinion : Is Syria unsolvable ? Al-Assad 's remarks stand in stark contrast to what the opposition and many world leaders have said for more than a year : that al-Assad 's forces , not "  terrorists , " are behind a sustained slaughter stemming from the regime 's crackdown on dissidents . As the president spoke , shells rained on the anti-government bastion of Homs , the LCC said . Thirty-seven people were killed Sunday in Syria , five of them children , the group said . Al-Assad 's address came a day after Annan said that "  the specter of all-out civil war , with a worrying sectarian dimension , grows by the day . " Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister , Saud Al Faisal , said the Syrian regime is pushing for a sectarian crisis . "  The Syrian opposition lacks the means to defend itself , and the regime is getting weapons from everywhere , " he said Sunday . "  For a while now , we noticed that the regime has been trying to turn the crisis into a sectarian conflict . " He added that , while Syria had agreed to Annan 's peace plan , the regime has not implemented it . "  The regime just wants to buy time , " Al Faisal said . At a meeting of Arab League foreign ministers Saturday , Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabor Al Thani said Annan 's peace initiative should be placed under Chapter VII of the U.N. charter , Qatar 's news agency reported Saturday . Such a move would allow the U.N. Security Council to take action that could include military force . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Sunday that he had taken note of the Arab League leaders ' suggestions , including requests to increase the number of U.N. observers and to set a time limit for the effort . "  All these are very important recommendations , and I hope these will be discussed by the Security Council members . At this time , I would welcome the wider international discussions on the future course of action , " Ban told reporters . The crisis in Syria began nearly 15 months ago , when a tough government crackdown on protesters spiraled out of control and spawned a national anti-government uprising . Al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for 42 years . The United Nations for months has said more than 9,000 people have died in Syria . But death counts from opposition groups range from more than 12,000 to more than 14,000 . Tens of thousands have been displaced . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or violence from Syria because the government restricts access to foreign journalists . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Holly Yan , Tian Shao , Tracy Doueiry and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition says 42 people were killed Monday ; Syria says 30 "  martyrs " were buried A Syrian opposition group pleads for criminal court action Envoy Kofi Annan is to meet Friday with Clinton , sources say Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says Syria is facing "  a war from abroad "
CNN  -- The great director Alfred Hitchcock used to describe the distinction between surprise and suspense in terms of a bomb placed underneath a table . A bomb specialist  Jeremy Renner  finds more than he bargained for in "  The Hurt Locker . " If two people sit at the table and the bomb suddenly goes off , Hitchcock explained , that 's surprise . But if an audience watches the bomb get placed under the table , and the people at the table have an innocuous conversation , and the bomb is set to go off in a few minutes , and time ticks away while the audience fidgets -- that , said Hitchcock , is suspense . "  The Hurt Locker " director Kathryn Bigelow had plenty of both to work with . "  The Hurt Locker , " which opens in limited release June 26 and wider throughout July , concerns a Baghdad-based American bomb disposal unit in the Iraq war . It 's the job of the unit , and particularly Staff Sgt. William James  Jeremy Renner  , to find and defuse the bombs set around the city , a constant battle during the film 's 2003-04 time frame . The IEDs  improvised explosive devices , planted by insurgents  the unit must deal with are a constant presence -- and cunningly planted . One is in an abandoned vehicle outside a government building . Another is implanted in the chest cavity of a murdered youth . Others are left in trash heaps , buried in the ground and attached to an unwilling suicide bomber . Watch a clip from the movie " Bigelow , who directed from journalist Mark Boal 's script , gives the film a documentary style , shooting from the perspective of bomb-finding robots , the windows of nearby apartments and even the inside of James ' heavy-duty high-tech protective suit , which resembles nothing so much as a real-life military version of the spacesuits worn by the astronauts in "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " The cast and crew primarily shot in Amman , Jordan , as well as near the Iraqi border , heightening the realism . The bombs are n't in some remote desert ; they are placed on city streets , among people and soldiers trying to go about their business . "  I wanted to create a real you-are-there , boots-on-the-ground feeling , " Bigelow  "  Point Break , " "  K-19 : The Widowmaker "  said in a joint phone interview with Boal . "  But I wanted to humanize the film , ground it in geography using the canvas of the city . " "  The Hurt Locker " -- the expression refers to the pain of explosions -- is based on Boal 's reporting for Playboy . The journalist and screenwriter , who also wrote the story on which "  In the Valley of Elah " was based , was embedded with a bomb squad for several weeks . He observed that although the units have the latest technology -- along with the suits and robots , the men communicate through helmet microphones and protect one another with various guns and ordnance -- bomb disposal still comes down to experience and wire cutters . "  The technology is only useful up to a point , " he said . "  It does n't cure everything . You only have to open up the newspaper to see how much damage -LSB- bombs -RSB- can do . " In the film , James is an adrenaline-fueled expert who joins an Explosive Ordnance Disposal squad after its previous leader , played by Guy Pearce , is killed in action . James has to win over a by-the-book sergeant  Anthony Mackie  and a despairing specialist  Brian Geraghty  while trying to get through the five-plus weeks until the company 's tour is over . The movie does n't gloss over the challenges of the duty -- Geraghty 's specialist regularly meets with a therapist , while Renner and Mackie 's characters lock horns over the safety of James ' methods -- but also showcases the heroism of men doing a thankless job in a war zone . Indeed , the film barely scratches the surface in showing the sheer volume of IEDs : A bomb disposal unit could face a dozen a day , Boal said . "  The Hurt Locker " also proved a showcase for its performers , some of whom ended up in the film almost by accident . Along with its film stars -- there are cameos from Ralph Fiennes , David Morse and Evangeline Lilly -- the movie gave screen time to actors forced out of Baghdad during the war . "  A great surprise was , of the hundreds of thousands of refugees living in Amman , many were actors . There was a fairly big theatrical community in Baghdad , " Bigelow said . "  They were really grateful for the opportunity to act again . " "  The Hurt Locker " has its own challenges . It 's being released during summer movie season , a time when people welcome the fake explosions of action films but may find the tense struggles of real bomb disposal experts too much to take . But the film also has much in its favor  including , for studio bean counters , a low budget  . It 's won a number of prestigious awards  including four honors at the Venice Film Festival  , and it 's received glowing reviews . " ` The Hurt Locker ' is a near-perfect movie about men in war , men at work , " wrote Time 's Richard Corliss . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- one of the rare war movies that 's strong but not shrill , and sympathetic to guys doing an impossible job . " Bigelow , who says the film fits comfortably in the war-movie adventure genre , said she was drawn to the "  opportunity to look at the heroism of these men , " what that bravery costs and what it saves . She hopes she 's succeeded . "  The film , " she said , "  does n't let you forget . "	"  The Hurt Locker " is about a bomb squad in Baghdad in 2003-04 Film tries to capture human side of thankless job Though bomb defusers have latest technology , job is still experience and wire cutters Director Kathryn Bigelow : Film was "  opportunity to look at the heroism "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than one-third of all weapons the United States has procured for Afghanistan 's government are missing , according to a government report released Thursday . U.S.-issue M249 squad automatic weapons are shown at a camp in Kandahar in December . The U.S. military failed to "  maintain complete inventory records for an estimated 87,000 weapons -- or about 36 percent -- of the 242,000 weapons that the United States procured and shipped to Afghanistan from December 2004 through June 2008 , " a U.S. Government Accountability Office report states . "  Accountability lapses occurred throughout the supply chain , " it says . The Defense Department spent roughly $ 120 million during that period to acquire a range of small arms and light weapons for the Afghan National Security Forces , including rifles , machine guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers . The military also failed to properly account for an additional 135,000 weapons it obtained for the Afghan forces from 21 other countries . "  What if we had to tell families -LSB- of U.S. soldiers -RSB- not only why we are in Afghanistan but why their son or daughter died at the hands of an insurgent using a weapon purchased by the United States taxpayers ? But that 's what we risk if we were to have tens of thousands of weapons we provided washing around Afghanistan , off the books , " Rep. John Tierney , D-Massachusetts , chairman of the House Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs , said at the start of a congressional hearing on the report . The military is unable to provide serial numbers for 46,000 of the missing 87,000 weapons , the report concludes . No records have been maintained for the location or disposition for the other 41,000 weapons . The report urges Defense Secretary Robert Gates to "  establish clear accountability procedures for weapons while they are in the control and custody of the United States " and direct those "  involved in providing these weapons to track  them  by serial number and conduct routine physical inventories . " The GAO review comes as numerous senior officials -- including President Obama -- are expressing serious concern over the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan . On Wednesday , eight Taliban suicide attackers struck Afghan government buildings and a prison in Kabul , killing at least 19 people in a coordinated attack that the Taliban said was in retaliation for the mistreatment of prisoners , according to Afghan officials . The attacks raised new questions over the effectiveness of the ongoing $ 16.5 billion U.S. effort to train and equip Afghan security forces . Officials from the State and Defense departments intend to request an additional $ 5.7 billion in assistance for the Afghan army and police in fiscal year 2009 , according to the report . The Obama administration is conducting a top-to-bottom review of U.S. policy toward both Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan . The president will likely make a decision on sending additional troops to Afghanistan "  in the course of the next few days , " Gates said Tuesday .	87,000 U.S. weapons bought for Afghan government unaccounted for , report says General Accountability Office cites "  lapses " in supply chain 135,000 weapons bought from other countries also missing , report says
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates has refused to grant a visa to a female Israeli tennis player , preventing her from competing in the Sony Ericsson World Tennis Association Tour in Dubai , the WTA said in a statement Sunday . The UAE has refused to grant a visa allowing Shahar Peer to compete in Dubai . Shahar Peer would have been the first Israeli athlete to participate in a professional sporting event in the UAE , CNN Sports correspondent Pedro Pinto said . The UAE has no diplomatic ties with Israel . Peer told CNN on Sunday evening she was "  very , very disappointed " to be denied access to the tournament . "  Any player that qualifies should attend , and I was prevented , " she said from Israel . "  I 'm glad the WTA support me . A red line was crossed for every athlete in the world -- politics should be kept separate from sports . " The governing body of women 's tennis said it was "  deeply disappointed " that Peer was being denied entry to the country hosting the tournament , but it did not cancel the competition , which began Sunday . The move runs counter to WTA policy , which says no player should be barred from competing in a tournament for which she has qualified . Dubai could lose its membership in the WTA tour next year over the ban on Peer , according to WTA rules . That would mean professional players could compete only in exhibition matches in Dubai , the results of which would not count in pro rankings . Government officials in Dubai have not responded to CNN 's request to comment over their refusal to allow Peer to compete in the event . "  Ms. Peer has earned the right to play in the tournament , and it is regrettable that the UAE is denying her this right , " said Larry Scott , chairman and chief executive of the tour . Watch Scott express disappointment " "  Following various consultations , the tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the tour 's board of directors . " The patron of the Dubai Tennis Championships is Dubai 's ruler , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Makhtoum . Two million dollars in prize money is on the line . Al-Makhtoum told CNN in 2004 that Dubai would accept Israeli students to a school dedicated to students from the Middle East who are talented at sports . In 2003 , Dubai hosted World Bank and International Monetary Fund meetings , which Israeli government officials attended . The Israeli flag -- among other member states ' flags -- is still part of a globe monument in Dubai . Peer , 21 , is ranked 48th in the world among female tennis players . She was allowed to compete at the Doha tournament in Qatar last year , where she received a warm welcome , according to Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz . Qatar , another Gulf Arab state , froze diplomatic ties with Israel after Israel 's military offensive in Gaza last month . Peer downplayed the political undertones of her participation in last year 's Doha tournament , telling Haaretz that she did n't come to Qatar "  to help the politics of course . " But she added that if her playing in the tournament "  can help for peace or anything , I 'd be really happy . " Scott said the tour will "  review appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer " as well as "  appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Peer was advised Saturday by tournament and WTA officials of the denial of her visa while she was participating in a tournament in Pattaya , Thailand , according to a WTA statement . The Dubai Tennis Championships runs through February 28 . CNN 's Shira Medding in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	NEW : Shahar Peer , female Israeli tennis player , says she 's "  very , very disappointed " United Arab Emirates refuses to grant a visa to Peer Peer needed the visa to play in the Dubai Tennis Championships World Tennis Association unhappy , says move runs counter to its policy
Buchanan , New York  CNN  -- The chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission got a firsthand look Tuesday at the Indian Point nuclear plant on a visit organized by two members of Congress from New York who want the plant shut down . Chairman Gregory Jaczko toured the plant with longtime Indian Point opponents Rep. Nita Lowey and Rep. Elliot Engel , who have been raising concerns about the safety of the plant following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan that seriously damaged the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . "  As I have repeatedly stressed to  plant owner  Entergy and the NRC , I continue to have serious concerns about several specific issues related to Indian Point , " Lowey said at a press conference following the tour . Indian Point is on the Hudson River , 35 miles north of midtown Manhattan . Among the chief concerns raised by Lowey and Engel is the feasibility of evacuating such a populated area in the event of an emergency . Currently the NRC requires plants to have plans in place to evacuate a 10-mile radius around their facilities . But , pointing out that the NRC urged Americans within a 50-mile radius of the damaged Japanese reactors to leave , Lowey said that "  evacuating 20 million people within a 50-mile radius of Indian Point would be a near-impossibility . " "  The bottom line , " said Engel after the tour , "  I still believe Indian Point should be closed . " Jaczko said the visit was a good opportunity to hear firsthand from the representatives about their concerns . "  I think it 's so important that we continue to have a very open and transparent dialogue , " he said . Asked whether the proximity of the plant to such a densely populated area was sufficient reason to close the plant , as many New York officials have argued , including Gov. Andrew Cuomo , Jaczko said he could n't comment since Indian Point is undergoing a formal relicensing effort right now . There are two reactors at Indian Point . One is due to be relicensed in 2013 and the other in 2015 . Jaczko said the agency closely monitors the operation of all nuclear facilities "  to ensure that they meet our very stringent safety and security requirements . " Indian Point , he said , meets those requirements . Lowey and Engel have introduced a bill that would require the NRC to use the same standards it uses to license new nuclear plants when relicensing older plants , "  including evaluating terror threats , seismic risk , population density and evacuation concerns , " Lowey said . Engel , who first called for the plant to be closed following the 9/11 terrorist attacks , said , "  If this plant were being built today , in 2011 , I can tell you it would not be sited here in Buchanan , New York . " Lowey said new data showing that Indian Point is located at two fault lines means the NRC should also evaluate whether a seismic event could affect the power supply or cause the spent fuel pools to leak . Jaczko said as part of relicensing , the NRC looks at the seismic qualifications of plants to ensure that all systems will continue to operate safely . A task force of "  top-notch experts " at the agency is looking at all the challenges and issues that emerged following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan , he said . "  I expect that we 'll learn some good lessons , and I expect there will be some changes to our requirements as a result of that , " he said .	2 New York members of Congress want nuclear plant closed Lowey , Engel say too many people live too close for evacuation NRC chairman praises "  dialogue "
CNN  -- CNN has learned from two senior Democratic sources that former President Bill Clinton will attend the Senate Democrats ' weekly luncheon Tuesday to address the caucus about health care . A notice obtained by CNN went out to Senate Democrats saying , "  All Senators should be aware that former President Clinton will be making a presentation on Health Care at tomorrow 's caucus lunch . Senator Reid has requested that all Democratic Senators attend . " A constant refrain from Democratic leaders is that wavering Democrats must heed what they say is a lesson of the Clinton administration : fail to pass a health care reform bill , and congressional Democrats will suffer on Election Day . With this visit at a critical time for health care in the Senate , the former president will be able to deliver that message in person . Democrats in the House of Representatives approved a health care bill over the weekend . If the Senate passes a bill , a congressional conference committee will need to merge the House and Senate proposals into a consensus version requiring final approval from each chamber before moving to President Obama 's desk to be signed into law . The House bill is more expansive -- and hence more expensive -- than the Senate Finance Committee bill . The House bill , projected to guarantee coverage for 96 percent of Americans , will cost more than $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . CNN 's Dana Bash , Brianna Keilar , Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Clinton will attend Senate Democrats ' weekly luncheon Tuesday , sources tell CNN Clinton will push message that failure to pass health bill will have election consequences House of Representatives passed health care bill over the weekend
CNN  -- When the dust settled on LinkedIn 's IPO on Thursday afternoon , the company was valued at $ 8.9 billion , making it worth more than household names like JC Penney , Electronic Arts and Chipotle . As the biggest Internet IPO since Google and the first pure social networking site to go public , its jaw-dropping opening-day surge of 109 % will also go down as a watershed moment for the Web , as historically significant as the debuts of Netscape in 1995 , TheGlobe.com in 1998 and Google in 2004 . Whereas Netscape 's IPO symbolized the dawn of the dotcom boom , TheGlobe.com 's epitomized the height of irrational exuberance and Google 's ushered in a renaissance of tech innovation after the Internet bubble burst , LinkedIn 's debut will be remembered as social media 's arrival on the capitalist stage known as Wall Street . For starters , LinkedIn 's lofty valuation by most anyone 's standards  at Thursday 's closing price of $ 94 , it 's trading at 36 times its 2010 revenue ; Google trades at five times  will have venture capitalists scrambling to take their Internet investments public . As venture capitalist Albert Wenger put it on Twitter , "  LinkedIn is Netscape of this decade . IPO window blown wide open . " Further , the social dynamics that companies like LinkedIn thrive on offer something completely different from the first-generation Internet companies : incredibly rapid and organic growth . Whereas in the 1990s , Web companies shelled out tens of millions of dollars on advertising to find users , today 's social media leaders like LinkedIn acquire new users through network effects -- their services become more valuable to users when their friends sign up . This trend is n't going away , and there are undoubtedly dozens if not hundreds of little-known or yet-to-be-founded startups that will go from zero to publicly traded juggernaut in remarkably shorts periods of time . Add to that the fact that Internet companies with a lot more sex appeal than LinkedIn -- including Facebook , Groupon , Pandora , Yelp and Zynga  makers of FarmVille  -- are all likely to go public within the next year , and you have LinkedIn taking the pole position in what will be a tidal wave of social media companies entering the public markets . Aside from the almost inevitable historical significance , however , is the new dynamic that will be created for social media companies that IPO . As entities that depend on their users to grow through word of mouth , there will suddenly be a need for community-centric services to balance the needs of their members with the expectations of Wall Street . There are only a few examples to draw on to predict how this may play out . In their "  Founders ' IPO Letter " in 2004 , Google 's Sergey Brin and Larry Page wrote that their goal was , "  to develop services that significantly improve the lives of as many people as possible . In pursuing this goal , we may do things that we believe have a positive impact on the world , even if the near term financial returns are not obvious . " Indeed , the company 's stock has been punished at times when investments in businesses that have become enormously important to Google -- like Android -- were n't showing results on the bottom line . In the long run , of course , this philosophy has helped Google 's stock price increase by more than five times since going public . While some of today 's soon-to-be-public social media companies might not be quite so aspirational , they certainly will face similar challenges . Will Pandora play more ads on its Internet radio service to beef up its numbers ? Will the quality of Groupon 's daily deals diminish as it looks to keep its tremendous growth rate intact ? Will Facebook finally push the privacy envelope too far in the name of meeting earnings estimates ? These are the types of decisions that the current generation of Internet companies will have to make when they enter the public markets . We 've already seen one prominent example of a company not finding the right balance and the dire consequences that can result . While MySpace 's fall from grace can be attributed to a variety of factors , there is no disputing that innovation and user experience languished after its 2005 acquisition by News Corp. , paving the way for Facebook to swoop in and take the social networking crown . Returning to LinkedIn , while today 's story about its IPO may be about whether it represents a new financial bubble in the Internet sector , the story in years to come will be its symbolism in changing the world in which social media companies operate . Let 's hope , as Sergey and Larry put it so well in 2004 , that the change leaves a positive impact on the world .	LinkedIn 's stock market debut is the biggest Internet IPO since Google IPO may inspire little-known startups to become publicly traded juggernauts LinkedIn 's example will create a new dynamic for social media companies that IPO
Renacimiento , Mexico  CNN  -- As raging floodwaters swept away half of his timber shack , Saturnino Medina climbed to the roof . He pointed Thursday to the place where river waters broke through a container wall and washed away his kitchen . Medina and his family have almost nothing left now , after the wind and rain of Manuel hit the town of Renacimiento , located about 20 km northeast of the resort city of Acapulco . Days after the storm made landfall as a tropical depression in the Mexican state of Guerrero , thousands of tourists are still trapped in Acapulco and thousands of families are struggling to recover . Medina and his family were left to eat eggs and tortillas donated by neighbors and drink expired cartons of juice they found in a nearby trash dumpster . So far , he said , they have n't gotten any government aid . "  The truth is , I do n't even know what to tell you , " he said . "  The government ignores us . They help everyone else , but they 've forgotten about Renacimiento . " The town is one of many across Mexico ravaged by multiple storms that have been battering the country . Federal officials say at least 97 people were killed across Mexico by Manuel , which plowed into the country 's Pacific coast , and Ingrid , which hit the Gulf coast . Rescue efforts continued throughout the country Thursday . In one Guerrero town ravaged by a mudslide , authorities said 68 people remained unaccounted for . An aerial survey revealed many more mudslides , Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said , and there are additional reports of disappearances that authorities have not yet confirmed . In Renacimiento , one of the hardest-hit areas , Alma Rojano said neck-high floodwaters washed by her home . Days after the storm hit , bulldozers and cleanup crews finally arrived in the town on Thursday . In a press conference Thursday night , federal officials said that climate conditions had made it difficult to reach more remote parts of the country , but pledged that government aid was on the way . "  Right now we are facing a truly extraordinary condition , " President Enrique PeÃƒ Â± a Nieto said , noting that the extent of the heavy rains over such a large part of the country had reached "  historic " proportions . Tourists stranded Ana Benavides , a stranded American tourist in nearby Acapulco , tried to leave by car . She did n't get more than a mile before blocked roads stopped her . Then she waited for 12 hours in a line along with thousands of other stuck tourists hoping to get on a flight out . While more than 10,000 tourists had been evacuated in this way , there was no guarantee that Benavides would be one of the lucky ones to board a plane . Some people , in their desperation , slept in the line . Benavides kept her situation in perspective : "  You know , we 're a lot better off than a lot of people , " she said . Manuel left about 40,000 tourists stranded in Acapulco . As of Thursday , more than 10,000 were able to board military or commercial flights out of the storm-ravaged area . Authorities said they hope to reopen the highway leading out of Acapulco on Friday , which would allow for thousands more to leave and quicken the flow of food and other aid to the area . The worst of a deadly storm has passed , but tension and confusion remain as the extent of the damage continued to emerge . The weather in Acapulco has improved . And the storm -- Manuel -- weakened Thursday from a hurricane to a tropical storm . But it was still expected to produce 5 to 10 inches of rain over the northern state of Sinaloa , with some places getting as much as 15 inches , forecasters said . Ingrid batters Gulf coast In addition to Manuel , those living on Mexico 's Gulf Coast were recovering from the remnants of Hurricane Ingrid , and in the south , a storm system over the Yucatan Peninsula was likely to become a tropical cyclone . On the Gulf Coast , in the state of Veracruz , Ingrid and its remnants claimed 11 lives . About 32,000 people had to be evacuated from their homes . Residents there sent photos to CNN showing streets that looked like rivers , with the tops of cars sticking out of the floodwaters . Another major concern in the Gulf Coast was that the new storm system brewing in the south could bring more rain to the already saturated area . More than 1 million residents across Mexico have been affected in some way by the storms , Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong told reporters . 18 stranded in New Mexico ` ghost town ' amid flooding In violence-ravaged state , another devastating blow In Guerrero state , the storms were yet another devastating blow to a part of the country already suffering from some of the country 's fiercest drug-related violence . When government cleanup crews arrived in Renacimiento on Thursday , a security detail accompanied them . Two pickup trucks circled the area , packed with heavily armed police officers wearing bullet-proof jackets . A woman ran screaming out of her storm-battered home -- not because of the damage -- but because she learned her son had been kidnapped . Nearby , Paulina Bravo and Teodoro Medina were cleaning up storm damage . Their house was still intact , but floodwaters destroyed their stove , refrigerator and beds . "  Now , my husband and I take turns sleeping in this hammock , " Bravo said . Two bags of bread , she said , are the only government aid she 's received so far . Bravo and her husband shoveled mud out of their home , determined to clean up after the storm , whether anyone from the government helps them or not . In Spanish , the town 's name -- Renacimiento -- means rebirth . Shasta Darlington reported from Renacimiento and Acapulco , Guerrero . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis , Catherine E. Shoichet , Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico contributed to this report .	NEW : In one town , 68 people remain missing after a mudslide NEW : Residents complain that government aid has been slow NEW : Officials say help is on the way after "  historic " rains Storms have killed at least 97 people in Mexico
CNN  -- When blogger Andrew Sullivan began urging readers to support his online venture , I could hear journalists everywhere slapping their foreheads and saying : Hey , why do n't I try that ? Lots of luck . But all the chatter about whether Sullivan can get his followers to part with $ 19.99 a year to read his provocative posts on politics and life misses the larger point . He is doing what most journalists must do to survive in this digital age , and that is building a personal brand . Sure , few are as well known , as prolific and as possessed of sheer writing talent -- not to mention a taste for picking fights -- as Sullivan . But in ways that are starting to look inescapable , he is determined to turn his relationship with readers into cash flow . Watch : Does Oprah still have the cultural clout to save Lance Armstrong ? First , the back story . Sullivan , a former editor of the New Republic , was blogging 's first breakout star a dozen years ago , when the term was still associated with strange people in their pajamas . I followed him closely because I was , at the time , the first blogger at the The Washington Post . Sullivan has since taken his Dish site to Time , the Atlantic and , most recently , the Daily Beast , where I work . His decision to leave the Beast when his contract expired at the end of 2012 has drawn plenty of attention , especially since he says he has already raised $ 440,000 from his fans . Watch : Did Brent Musburger go too far in praising Alabama quarterback 's girlfriend ? "  We felt more and more that getting readers to pay a small amount for content was the only truly solid future for online journalism , " Sullivan writes . He plans to use the money not only for himself but also to pay his small staff . As a British , Catholic , gay writer with HIV who has morphed from a conservative intellectual to an Obama-boosting intellectual , Sullivan crosses lots of lines and has an unusually passionate following . He is n't putting most of his content behind a pay wall , so he 's essentially asking folks to pay up out of loyalty . And he does n't plan to accept advertising . In a very real sense , though , most journalists these days are advertising themselves  and yours truly is no exception  . When you see them on Twitter , posting thoughts and witticisms and links to their work , they are doing more than representing their employers in public . They are promoting themselves . When they pop up in cable news segments or on radio shows , sounding off about their stories , or just sounding off , they are promoting themselves . Watch : How mainstream media fell for Twitter hoax about Justin Bieber We are seeing the rise of hybrid journalists , like Ezra Klein , who blogs for The Washington Post , is an MSNBC contributor and writes a column for Bloomberg News . Or Andrew Ross Sorkin , who writes a column for The New York Times , runs its DealBook blog and co-hosts CNBC 's Squawk Box . But below the level of the brightest stars , there is a survival strategy at work . Newspapers and magazines are shrinking . I 've lost count of the number of reporters , columnists and critics who have been laid off or taken buyouts , only to launch blogs , join websites , churn out e-books or otherwise seek a foothold in the digital economy . News organizations used to frown on this sort of thing ; now they have bookers to get their folks on TV and social media editors to push their stars on Facebook and Twitter . The Times once discouraged its people from going on television ; now , like most newspapers , it has its own studio . If there was once a line that stopped journalists from engaging in blatant self-promotion , it long ago vanished . But here 's why that 's not a bad thing . Most print journalists were once viewed as remote figures engaged in one-way communication . Now they 've been forced to engage in a dialogue with their readers , responding to tweets , posting pictures , sharing more of themselves with those who consume the news . The walls of the fortress have been breached . "  There 's nothing tawdry about offering your wares on the street . It 's how magazines and newspapers started , " Sullivan told The New York Times . Sullivan has been a trailblazer on this front . And while it 's hard to imagine that many others could get people to pay for their scribblings , it was once unthinkable that millions would buy individual songs on iTunes or pay for online access to a newspaper . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Blogger Andrew Sullivan switched to independence and charging a fee for content Howard Kurtz : It 's all about branding , turning a relationship with readers into cash As papers fail , journalists advertise themselves on Twitter , cable , radio , he says Kurtz : Will people buy blogs ? Well , selling songs on iTunes was improbable once
Northern Syria  CNN  -- Syrian troops at a besieged military base just north of Aleppo fired out in three directions on Sunday in the face of a rebel onslaught , part of a high-stakes battle for a city where a top regional leader claimed war crimes are being committed . For days , anti-government forces have been trying to take over the northern Syrian city , where many residents appear to support their cause , only to be answered by fierce fighting by the Syrian military . The fight for the military base is one of many hotspots of violence raging around Aleppo , which is the commercial and cultural center of the Middle Eastern nation and its largest city . CNN 's Ivan Watson inside Syria Yet it is indicative , in many ways , of what 's going on , with the rebels attacking from seemingly many different directions and scores of troops inside firing back furiously with machine guns -- oftentimes straight into neighboring villages . Rockets and shells routinely land in residential communities , many of which are largely deserted as civilians flee the area . On Sunday , families continued to use motorcycles , cars and whatever other means to escape the city . They are among the roughly 200,000 people in Aleppo and surrounding areas to flee shelling and heavy weapon fire over the past two days , according to Valerie Amos , the U.N. 's under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs . Nabil Elaraby , the head of the Arab League , said Sunday in a statement that his group supports calls from the Syrian opposition for an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting to address the situation in Aleppo . Elaraby added that the group believes war crimes are being committed in the city . Officials from the Arab League are planning visits to Russia and China hoping to persuade the superpowers , which have vetoed several resolutions over Syria , to change their stance , he said . The regional group 's statement came hours after Syria 's top diplomat delivered ominous words about the battle for Aleppo , vowing that rebel troops would not gain control of the city . "  Since last week ,  opposition fighters  planned for whatever they called the ` great Damascus battle , ' but they have failed after one week , " Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said during a trip to Iran , one of his nation 's few remaining allies , in referring to a rebel offensive beaten back earlier this month . "  That 's why they moved to Aleppo , and I can assure you that they will fail . " But U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , speaking aboard a military aircraft Sunday traveling to North Africa and eventually the Middle East , predicted that government forces ' violent crackdown in Aleppo will prove "  a nail in Assad 's coffin " by turning even more people against President Bashar al-Assad and his government . U.S. increasing contacts with Syrian rebels Aleppo was just one area hit by violence on Sunday . The city saw 11 deaths out of 114 nationwide , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . At least 41 people were killed in Damascus and its suburbs , a figure that includes 18 unidentified bodies found charred on farms in Moadamiyeh , where a total of 36 people were reported dead . Another 33 died in the province of Daraa , and nine apiece were slain in the provinces of Homs and Deir Ezzor , the group said . State media and activists reported violence elsewhere as well , including clashes in suburbs near the southwestern city of Daraa and the northwestern city of Idlib . That said , Aleppo has gotten much of the attention in part because controlling it is considered key for the embattled regime and the anti-government fighters . Regime forces are preventing fuel and food from entering Aleppo neighborhoods controlled by rebel fighters , opposition activists said . Rebels have had to set up medical clinics in homes . "  The situation in the city of Aleppo is very critical and quite serious , " said activist Abo Hamdi from the neighborhood of Salahuddin , adding the "  Free Syrian Army is preparing for a fierce battle . " Aleppo : Great world city in grip of war Syrian TV reported that "  terrorists " suffered heavy losses after clashes in three neighborhoods . With relentless attacks rocking Aleppo , the head of a prominent Syrian opposition group pleaded for world allies to help arm rebels . "  Our friends and allies will bear responsibility for the terrifying massacres that will happen in Aleppo if they do n't move soon . This regime is planning for a big massacre in Aleppo , " Abdulbaset Sieda , head of the Syrian National Council , told reporters in Abu Dhabi . He urged allies to act outside of the U.N. Security Council , as resolutions there can be vetoed . "  The rebels now are fighting with primitive types of weapons against the killing machine . We need weapons that will allow us to stop tanks and planes , " Sieda said . Libyan rebels move onto Syrian battlefield Meanwhile , Syria 's foreign minister decried what he called a "  vicious " international plot against the Syrian regime . "  I can tell you that we are facing a global war against Syria , and as a proud Syrian I can tell you that it is a great honor to be part of a great country that is facing a ferocious attack by certain countries , " he told reporters in Tehran after a meeting with his Iranian counterpart . Moallem also described a "  media campaign " by the United States and others about chemical weapons in Syria . Iran 's foreign minister accused Israel of being behind "  a conspiracy against Syria . " "  It is completely ridiculous and delusive to believe that there is a possibility of creating a vacuum in the leadership in Syria , " Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi said . "  We call upon the people of the region to be fully aware and not to move in the wrong direction , because there will be severe consequences that will go beyond the borders of the region to the outside world . " The Syrian crisis started in March 2011 , after al-Assad 's regime cracked down on peaceful protests . More than 20,000 people , mostly civilians , have died in the conflict , the LCC said . Last week , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said almost 17,000 people have died . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom and journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Shiyar Sayed Mohamed contributed to this report .	NEW : 114 die in Syria , including 41 around Damascus , an opposition group says Rebels attack a Syrian army base north of Aleppo ; troops fire back in 3 directions Syria 's foreign minister says rebel fighters "  will fail " to take Aleppo , Syria 's largest city Regime 's assault in Aleppo will be "  a nail in Assad 's coffin , " U.S. defense secretary says
The disastrous roll out of the Affordable Care Act raises a litany of questions about President Barack Obama 's leadership and management ability . But it also begs for an answer to who would take the fall . As problems mount , Rep. Nick Rahall , D-West Virginia , said Thursday that "  heads should have rolled " at the White House . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , the woman in charge of implementing Obamacare , took the blame for a flawed HealthCare.gov website , even as calls mounted -- inside and outside of Washington - for her to be fired . Testifying before a hostile congressional committee , Sebelius said she should be held accountable for the online site that stumbled out of the starting gate on October 1 and wo n't be functioning smoothly for most people -- according to Obama , himself -- until the end of the month . "  I 'm responsible , " she told lawmakers . But Obama had her back . White House Spokesman Jay Carney said the President has "  full confidence " in Sebelius . Eric Dezenhall , crisis management expert and CEO of Dezenhall Resources , said that an age-old White House policy is that federal agencies take the blame and the White House collects the props . But as letters started landing in people 's mailboxes , notifying them that their health insurance plans were being canceled , Sebelius might have been in deeper hot water , except that Obama promised when selling Obamacare that people could keep their plans if they like them . That was not true in the end . Obama takes brunt of new storm People were given false assurance . Sebelius shrunk out of the spotlight as Obama 's unkept promise took the brunt of a new storm . It culminated in a public apology on Thursday when Obama -- also talking about the website -- acknowledged that he "  fumbled " the launch of his signature domestic policy achievement . While Obama is taking responsibility publicly , internally he is faced with many questions , including why his staff let him make such a claim if it was n't true . Should Sebelius have known ? She was responsible for overseeing the implementation and creation of the specifics of Obamacare . Additionally , as a former insurance commissioner responsible for approving or rejecting coverage plans for Kansas consumers , it seemed like she would have had an understanding of the impact as federal coverage standards changed to become more robust . And some insurance commissioners are troubled by the President 's proposal to allow a one year extension of individual health plans -- those most likely to be canceled . Sebelius ' successor , Sandy Praeger , said she and her fellow insurance commissioners around the country warned the administration early on . "  We said from the get-go that if you start taking pieces out of this , it will collapse , " Praeger told the Lawrence Journal World . Should someone be fired ? "  I think there is limited utility in just firing people , but if you need to do it for political reasons , it 's always an option , " Dezenhall said . Dezenhall cautioned , however , that this is not an acute problem but a chronic one , and firing Sebelius wo n't make everything magically better . Even if Obama chose to fire Sebelius , he would need to replace her , and that may be the ultimate reason why she may stay on for now . Not only would it take time for a new health secretary to get up to speed , a permanent replacement requires Senate confirmation -- lately an unappealing prospect for Obama . Finding someone else would likely subject Obama to a damaging political fight with Republicans determined to draw as much attention to the problematic components of Obamacare . CNN senior political analyst Ron Brownstein said that a new health nominee would ensure "  virtual certainty " for Republicans to "  use this as kind of a way to leverage more concessions from the administration . " CNN 's chief political analyst , Gloria Borger , said Sebelius ' head would roll at some point . "  He 's very deliberate . In the end , will she go ? Eventually . But there are lots of other issues she 's got to deal with first , " Borger said . But for now , this is Obama 's problem . It is called Obamacare , not Sebeliuscare . "  Hiding ceases to be an option , " Dezenhall said . "  Hiding is an option when you have a place to hide and when no one is looking . It 's not an option when there 's no place to hide and everyone 's looking . "	More trouble for Obamacare puts more pressure on Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius Rep. Nick Rahall , D-West Virginia , said ` heads should have rolled ' over disastrous roll out Crisis management expert says federal agencies take the blame and the White House collects the props
London  CNN  -- More than 20 years after its independence from the Soviet Union , Estonia has become one of Europe 's rare economic success stories . The Baltic state of 1.3 million people joined the eurozone last year , becoming the fastest growing economy within the single currency . Today it has the highest per capita GDP of any of the former Soviet republics . Vesa Kandell is general manager of a plant for ABB , a Swiss industrial group which is one of Estonia 's biggest investors , operating four factories and employing 1000 people . He told CNN 's Richard Quest Estonia has become an important high-tech production hub for ABB during its two decades in the country . This is partly due to having the highly skilled workforce required to produce the company 's generators , used to power everything from wind turbines to electric vehicle chargers . "  We need engineers to design the world class products , we need engineers to run the production , we need a very skilled people to run the operations here on the shop floor , " he said . "  There -LSB- are -RSB- well-educated engineering people , but also well-educated hard working people for the factory operations . " Companies operating in Estonia also received valuable support from the government , which imposed no tax on profits reinvested in businesses . "  The business environment here is very modern and liberal . It 's not as hard and slow as many other countries , " he said . The government here -LSB- has -RSB- a very strong focus on developing the business side . " In Estonia 's capital , Tallinn , Artjom Sokolov , the chief executive officer of Estonian Cell , said that the company had felt the consequences of joining the eurozone during the Greek debt crisis . The business , which produces pulp for the paper industry , had to pay close attention to the currency markets as its costs were in euros and its prices in dollars . The fluctuating exchange rates had been affecting the business . Sokolov said he kept half his savings in dollars to mitigate the risk of the euro failing . "  I believe in a couple of years , maybe four to five years time , there is a likelihood that there is not such a euro as we currently have it , " he said . He said western Europe had something to learn from the work ethic of Estonia and other eastern European countries . "  The welfare state is over , people have to accept that the good life is over . They have to start working in western Europe , because strikes will not help , " he said . "  What is good in the case of Estonia is people have n't forgotten how to work . "	Estonia joined the eurozone last year and is its fastest growing economy Swiss group ABB says it has skilled workers and business-friendly government The head of Estonian Cell is not confident about the future of the single currency He says western Europe needs to adopt a stronger work ethic and farewell the welfare system
CNN  -- In my life , I 've often heard that "  comparison is the thief of joy . " I never really thought much about it until taking on CNN 's Fit Nation challenge . If I were to compare myself to my Fit Nation teammates , I would believe I 'm falling short . Will Cleveland runs something crazy like a six-minute mile ; I 'm steady at a 15 - to 16-minute mile . Tabitha McMahon makes swimming look effortless , while I need an additional swim coach outside of Fit Nation . It would be easy to look at that and think I 'm failing . Some people think comparison is a good thing . "  Why would n't you want to swim as well as Tabitha or run as fast as Will ? " It 's not that I do n't want to . It 's just that I 'm not there yet . When we compare ourselves to others , we ca n't be objective . When we look at those who seem to have it all , we beat ourselves up . But we do n't have all the details of their situation . Get fit and others will follow During my runs , I 've noticed three sets of people : Those I 'm faster than , those I 'm slower than and those who run at a similar pace . Running allows me to stop all the noise of day-to-day life and focus on me . It 's a time to cleanse my mind . If I started comparing myself to the other runners , I would n't be able to enjoy "  my time . " Inevitably when we compare ourselves to others , negative thoughts enter our consciousness . The negative thoughts might be directed toward ourselves or at the people to whom we are comparing ourselves . It 's my experience that negativity only breeds more negativity , and that 's where comparison leads . I 've decided my motto for the rest of this triathlon journey , and my life , is going to be "  no comparison . " When I say "  no comparison , " it reminds me to be present in the moment and not be defined by another 's opinion because I 'm the only one who knows me . It 's more than a race to me I 'm getting ready to attend my 15-year high school reunion in a week , and I 'm truly looking forward to it . I know some former classmates will be comparing themselves to the rest of the class , and some will even compare themselves to me . It 's already happening . Daily I hear , "  I wish I had your dedication " or "  your willpower " and so on . Stop it people ! Do n't compare yourselves to me because you only see what I let you see . Every day is not smooth sailing . Even though I 've lost more than 185 pounds , I still see glimpses of the old me . When I get stressed , I still want to go to food for comfort . I admit that I have broken down a couple times recently and had a piece of cake or an order of French fries . At first I beat myself up and felt guilty . Then I told myself what 's done is done ; get back to obtaining the life you 've been dreaming of . This 198-pound me has more confidence , strength , happiness and love in her life than the 385-pound me did , and I know the 150-pound me will have even more of that than the 198-pound me . You may lose friends when you lose weight There is a fine line between inspiration and comparison . I have many people I admire , but I do n't want to be them or be like them . I 've have a couple of special personal trainers in my life . Seeing them help people , including myself , become the individuals they 've only ever dreamed of being has made me realize I have something to offer other than my story . Those people have inspired me to study for my personal trainer certification . I 'm not setting out for Jillian Michaels status ; I genuinely want to help others the way my trainers and friends have helped me . Each of us are unique and have something different to offer the world . The only person we have to be better than is the person we were yesterday . I challenge you , dear reader , to starting living a life of "  no comparison . " When you take the pressure off yourself to live up to the image of who you think defines success , you will be surprised at who you can become . Follow Annette on Twitter @trihardannette	Fit Nation member Annette Miller 's new motto for life is "  no comparison " There is a fine line between inspiration and comparison , she says Miller : Comparing ourselves to others makes objectivity impossible
CNN  -- CNN is among a handful of news outlets partnering with Facebook on a feature that will help share data about what users are talking about on the social network . On Monday , the site rolled out two new tools . The first , Public Feed API , lets users display a real-time feed of public posts that contain a certain word . So , for example , it could be used to show how quickly new references to "  Syria " were appearing on Facebook during coverage of the conflict there . The other , Keyword Insights API , breaks down the number of posts that mention a term during a given time frame . So , in the previous example , it could show how many people had posted to Facebook about Syria in the past day , week or month . Keyword Insights also lets users display anonymous results by gender , age and location . So , for example , it might show that 65 % of chatter about Syria is coming from men , or that people talking about Miley Cyrus are overwhelmingly under age 34 . "  We are committed to building features that improve the experience of discovering and participating in conversations about things happening in the world right now , including entertainment , sports , politics and news , " Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president for media partnerships and online operations , wrote in a blog post . The first wave of media partners is CNN , Buzzfeed , NBC 's Today Show , BSkyB , Slate . and Mass Relevance . Facebook says it has begun discussions with other media partners and marketing developers and will make the tools available to more partners in the coming weeks . The partners are able to begin using the tools starting Monday . In his post , Osofsky noted that , with more than 1 billion accounts , Facebook is a useful way to gauge how widely topics are resonating . "  If there is something interesting going on , people are talking about it on Facebook , " he wrote . "  From favorite television shows to sporting events to the latest news ; the conversations are happening on Facebook . Last week 's kick-off of the NFL season garnered over 20 million likes , comments , and shares on Facebook by over 8 million people . "	Facebook rolls out tool to help media outlets crunch its data CNN among first few to access Public Feed API , Keywords Insight API The tools can show how popular certain topics are on Facebook
CNN  -- Welcome back , Frank Ocean . It 's been two years since the Grammy-winning artist made a stellar debut with his album "  Channel Orange , " and on Friday he quietly delivered a new song called "  Memrise . " While many musicians would roll out the PR red carpet for a new track , Ocean unveiled the meditative "  Memrise " without any fanfare on his Tumblr . You can listen to the single on his site , frankocean.tumblr.com . The mood of "  Memrise " feels similar to some of Ocean 's work on "  Channel Orange , " but it 's experimental in his delivery . Rather than simply singing all of the song 's lines , Ocean employs a more staccato , spoken-word delivery , saving his distinct vocals to close out the song . The lyrics themselves are intimate , telling the story of a sensual relationship . "  I memorized the wayward expressions/Never look down/Never let you see me down . I memorized the way no directions , " Ocean says in the song . "  Can I come over now , I 'd like to stay a little while . I memorized your body exposed/I could f *** you all night long/From a memory alone . " It 's unclear if "  Memrise " is a sign of what 's to come on Ocean 's highly anticipated second album , but it 's a relief for fans who 've been eager to hear more . In 2012 , "  Channel Orange " was a critical success , winning the Grammy for best urban contemporary album , and rumors of what 's to come from the artist have been circling ever since . What we do know is that Ocean has been hard at work . Billboard reports that he 's been clocking studio time with producers such as Hit-Boy and Rodney Jerkins .	Frank Ocean unveiled a new song Friday It 's been two years since his acclaimed debut album , "  Channel Orange " The artist presented the song with no fanfare He 's reportedly been in the studio working on another album
Rome  CNN  -- The captain of the Costa Concordia did not "  fall " into a lifeboat after the ship hit rocks , as he contends , a crew member testified . Instead , Francesco Schettino "  jumped into the lifeboat , " Stefano Iannelli said . Schettino is on trial in Grosseto on charges of manslaughter and abandoning ship after 32 people died in the shipwreck off the Tuscan island of Giglio on January 13 , 2012 . Iannelli , who was on the bridge when the ship hit the outcropping , testified that Schettino 's reaction was , "  What have I done ?! " As part of his defense for the abandoning ship charge , Schettino has maintained that by the time he left the crippled vessel , the inclination made it impossible to stay on the ship . He told the court at a hearing in October that the ship was literally falling on top of him and he fell into the lifeboat . The ship ended up lying on its side . INTERACTIVE : How ill-fated cruise liner was raised from Italian seabed Iannelli , who followed Schettino off the ship , testified Monday that he did not see passengers when they left the vessel , even though more than 1,000 people were later rescued from the ship . In a taped conversation between the captain and the port authority in Livorno , the port authority ordered Schettino to "  get back on board " while passengers were still being rescued from the other side of the ship . Schettino , who admits that he was in command when the ship veered off course and hit the rocks , also blames a malfunction of the ship 's watertight doors for making the situation worse . His defense lawyers say that created a new emergency after the initial accident . On Tuesday , the court heard testimony from Hugo Di Piazza , a technician who was working in the engine room when Schettino hit the rocks . The court heard a taped call from Di Piazza and the bridge in which he is heard saying that "  something " had ripped a 70-meter  230-foot  gash in the hull and warning that the engine rooms were flooding . "  A 10-foot jet of water hit my back , " Di Piazza told the court . He said he then closed the watertight doors but the "  water infiltrated " the seals . If the watertight doors had functioned , Schettino 's defense maintains , the ship would have stayed upright and afloat despite the fact that it had picked up an 80-ton boulder from the seabed . After losing power , the Costa Concordia glided past the port of Giglio and then made a 180-degree turn back toward the port before capsizing . Di Piazza said he narrowly escaped the flooded engine rooms . "  I opened other doors but the water kept rising , " he told the court before describing how he and another technician escaped to the upper control platform and the engine room flooded . The court also heard an intercepted telephone conversation a week after the accident in which Di Piazza said that Schettino seemed oblivious to the gravity of the situation . "  He did n't understand the situation . We were idiots and he did n't give a damn if we died , " Di Piazza said . After Tuesday 's testimony from crew members , the trial will resume next week with testimony from traumatized passengers who survived the incident . Schettino is expected to testify before the end of the year . Schettino argues that he is a hero who saved the lives of more than 4,000 people , not a villain whose negligence led to the deaths of 32 . In addition to blaming the watertight doors , the captain 's attorneys also say the ship would not have crashed had the helmsman turned it in the direction that Schettino told him to 13 seconds before impact . The helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin , and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements .	Stefano Iannelli says Capt. Francesco Schettino said , "  What have I done " The crew member says he saw no passengers on the ship when he , Schettino left Engine room technician testifies that "  10-foot jet of water hit my back "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British woman won a major legal victory Thursday in her fight to die with her husband by her side if she travels abroad for assisted suicide . Debbie Purdy has said she wants to die next to her husband , Omar Puente . Debbie Purdy , 46 , who has multiple sclerosis , has been waging a lengthy legal battle to clarify Britain 's ambiguous laws on assisted suicide . The House of Lords , Britain 's highest court , ruled in her favor on Thursday , ordering the country 's director of public prosecutions to spell out the criteria under which it will seek to prosecute someone who helps another person commit suicide . "  I 'm ecstatic , " Purdy said in a statement issued by the campaign organization Dignity in Dying . "  I want to live my life to the full , but I do n't want to suffer unnecessarily at the end of my life . This decision means that I can make an informed choice , with Omar  Puente , her husband  , about whether he travels abroad with me to end my life . " Watch Purdy react to the ruling " Purdy had been suing to force the British authorities to specify exactly when someone would be prosecuted for helping another person commit suicide . What 's your view ? When is assisted suicide acceptable ? Doing so is technically illegal under a 1961 law , and anyone found guilty faces up to 14 years in prison . But the Director of Public Prosecutions has the discretion to choose whether or not to prosecute . The law does n't make clear at what point a person has broken it -- whether it is illegal to sit with a person on the plane to the clinic , open the door of the car to the airport , or even help them arrange the trip . No one has ever been prosecuted for the crime in the United Kingdom . Lord James Hope of Craighead , in his ruling on the case , emphasized that the verdict did not grant Purdy 's husband immunity from prosecution . The court did not rule on the 1961 Suicide Act at all , he pointed out . "  It is no part of our function to change the law in order to decriminalize assisted suicide , " he wrote . "  If changes are to be made , as to which I express no opinion , this must be a matter for Parliament . " Purdy had spent more than two years fighting the case through Britain 's courts , arguing that the lack of clarity in the law violated her human rights . The House of Lords ruled in her favor , in its final case as Britain 's highest court . A new Supreme Court will come into being in the fall , replacing the old system under which some members of the House of Lords , the Law Lords , rule on cases on behalf of the entire chamber . Purdy has said she wants to die next to her husband . Before the ruling in her favor , she had said she would travel abroad on her own to die if she lost the case , so her husband would be sure not to face prosecution . That would have meant Purdy would die alone . The courts ruled the other way in a similar case eight years ago . British and European courts refused to guarantee that the husband of Diane Pretty would not be prosecuted for helping her to travel abroad to end her life . She died in England after motor neuron disease , an incurable degenerative disease , caused respiratory failure in May 2002 .	British woman wins case over traveling abroad for assisted suicide . Before ruling , husband faced jail for taking her to where assisted suicide legal Purdy challenged High Court judgment that refused to say when he 's breaking law
CNN  -- It is the one event in the golfing calendar where Hollywood stars add some gliltz and glamor to golf 's premier European Tour pro-am event . But this year , the great and good from America might be forgiven for keeping their distance from Europe 's Ryder Cup royalty in Scotland . Several of the pivotal members of the victorious European team are back to the day job after one of the greatest sporting comebacks of all time in Chicago . Both actor Bill Murray and 18-time Olympic gold medal winning swimmer Michael Phelps were at Medinah Country Club , as the United States sunk to defeat from a seemingly unassailable position . But though Martin Kaymer , who holed the crucial putt that meant the U.S could not win back the Ryder Cup , Paul Lawrie and Peter Hanson were playing , Phelps was still delighted to be involved . "  With all the history that is around you here , on these great courses , it is just an honour for me to play in this tournament , " Phelps told the European Tour 's official website . "  I was a bit nervous on the first tee , but it was n't too bad . To be honest , it was more nerve-wracking watching the Ryder Cup last week ! "  My partner Paul Casey was awesome to play with , and there were some good comments going back and forth between us during the round . He gave me some great tips and , by the end , was just telling me to hit it hard ! " As well as the trio of European players all four of Jose Maria Olazabal 's vice captains were playing , including 2011 British Open Darren Clarke and Paul McGinley , who was playing with Paralympic 400m champion Oscar Pistorius . The South African , known as ` Blade Runner ' , birdied the second hole at the notoriously difficult Carnoustie course and has two more rounds to come , at Kingsbarns and St Andrews ' famous old course . "  It was very stressful for me this morning , " said Pistorius . "  It was a nervous time on that first tee , and I was just glad to get the ball past the ladies ' tee ! But then I got that net birdie and overall the day was an unbelievable experience for me . "  To play with Paul and to be in a four-ball with  2010 European Ryder Cup captain  Colin Montgomerie and  five-time Olympic gold medalist  Steve Redgrave was brilliant , especially as Steve and I have known each other a long time and we are good friends . "  But we did n't have a bet -- we kept it clean ! There was a bit of a competitive spirit between us , so perhaps we 'll have a little match later in the tournament . " Of all the Ryder Cup contingent it was Kaymer who fared the best , the German shooting a two-under-par round at Carnoustie . The 27-year-old has had a hectic week after his famous putt in Chicago , but said he was glad to be back out on the course . "  There have been plenty of congratulations , " he said . "  It 's a very nice feeling to come to St Andrews and to come here to Carnoustie , and a lot of people were rooting for us on Sunday obviously and they were watching . It 's very nice to hear . "  If you put everything in consideration : we won last week The Ryder Cup , this week I get to play with my manager and friend , Johann  Elliot  , my brother is caddying for him , we 're playing some of the best golf courses in the world , it 's nice weather ; so it 's tough to beat . " Kaymer 's solid round was nothing compared to tournament leader Branden Grace , who made an eagle and 10 birdies to break Lee Westwood 's Kingsbarns course record with a round of 60 . The South African is on 12-under , two shots clear of Frenchman Victor Dubuisson , who broke the course record at St Andrews with a round of 62 -- topping Rory McIlroy 's feat from the 2010 British Open .	Hollywood stars mingle with Ryder Cup royalty at Alfred Dunhill Championship Actor Bill Murray and record breaking Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps on show Ryder Cup heroes Martin Kaymer , Paul Lawrie and Peter Hanson also playing Branden Grace leads tournament after shooting course record at Kingsbarns
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's fired chief justice was reinstated in a flag-raising ceremony at his house Sunday after the government bowed to protesters ' demands following days of massive demonstrations . Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry will not renew his oath of office . The flag-raising was ceremonial . Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry will not renew his oath of office because his firing by former President Pervez Musharraf was deemed illegal . About 100 people gathered outside Chaudhry 's residence , some dancing , some beating drums in a boisterous celebration . A growing protest movement had demanded that Chaudhry and other judges that Musharraf fired be re-seated . Buckling under pressure , the government of current President Asif Ali Zardari agreed . Along with Chaudhry , most of the sixty others who had been fired have also returned to their posts . Watch people cheer after Chaudhry is reinstated " Two unresolved matters will immediately test Chaudhry on his return to office : Some experts have surmised that one reason Zardari delayed acting on Chaudhry 's return is because the Supreme Court wanted to look into the amnesty . Both Zardari and his late wife , one-time Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , had been granted amnesty by Musharraf so they could return from exile in 2007 and participate in elections . The couple faced numerous charges of corruption . Bhutto was assassinated during a campaign rally . Her husband became head of her party and the new president of Pakistan . Zardari promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office . The deadline came and went . The political turmoil in Pakistan came just a year after the country celebrated a return to democracy . It has forced the government 's attention away from a deadly fundamentalist insurgency in its tribal areas and an economy that is on the verge of collapse . The Obama administration Monday praised the Pakistani government 's decision to reinstate Chaudhry , with the State Department saying the move "  brought Pakistan back from the brink . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Celebrations outside chief justice 's home mark reinstatement All judges fired by Pakistan 's former President Pervez Musharraf to get jobs back U.S. said the move "  brought Pakistan back from the brink "
CNN  -- Federal agents are conducting a criminal investigation that could affect the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others accused of plotting the 2001 terrorist attacks , Justice Department lawyers told a U.S. military court Monday in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The lawyers , in a filing with the court Monday , acknowledged for the first time that the inquiry existed but also requested more time to determine its scope and how it could affect the planned 9/11 trial . That request came after preliminary proceedings for the planned military commissions trial were halted recently when defense attorneys for defendant Ramzi bin al Shibh said a member of the defense team was approached by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents and asked to become a confidential informant in an ongoing probe . Defense lawyers said they believed it was related to what military prosecutors said was the unauthorized publication in January of a manifesto written by Mohammed . The defense viewed the FBI 's involvement as causing a potential conflict of interest that could prompt defense lawyers to resign . Such a move could force even more delays of a trial not expected to start until next year , 14 years after the terror attacks . In the Monday public filing , a special team of Justice Department lawyers set up specifically to handle the dispute said only that the ongoing FBI "  preliminary investigation " includes "  classified information " but has nothing to do with the publication of the Mohammed manifesto . The lawyers said that they provided more detailed information in a separate filing with the court but that document would not be made public to preserve the investigation . "  Contrary to the apparent belief of defense counsel ... and the  military  commission ... . the FBI preliminary investigation does not pertain to the disclosure of Mr. Mohammed 's written communications to third parties , " the public court filing said . The government lawyers asked the military court for 30 days to provide "  more complete " information to the military court to address the conflict claims .	The FBI is conducting a criminal investigation that may affect the 9/11 trial , lawyers said Defense lawyers for Ramzi bin al Shibh said the FBI asked a team member to be an informant The defense said the inquiry could be a conflict of interest ; Justice lawyers disagree Bin al Shibh , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and 3 others will be tried in Guantanamo Bay
CNN  -- A federal court jury in Florida convicted seven people of participating in a global child pornography trafficking enterprise , according to the Department of Justice . Jurors convicted the seven Wednesday of multiple counts of child exploitation , pornography and obstruction of justice . Members of the organization used Internet news groups to swap and share "  illegal images and videos depicting prepubescent children , including toddlers , engaged in various sexual and sadistic acts , " prosecutors said . An indictment filed in the case detailed interactions between group members as they swapped and commented on images . "  My thanks to you and all the others that together make this the greatest group of pedos to ever gather in one place , " Freeman wrote in response to one posting , according to the indictment . And a posting from Castleman , cited in the indictment , read , "  Thanks to all for the wonderful material that has been posted . " An Australian constable who infiltrated the group in August 2006 was among 50 witnesses testifying at trial . He told the jury that the group traded more than 400,000 images and videos of child sexual abuse before being dismantled by law enforcement , according to the Justice Department statement . Each defendant faces a sentence of 20 years to life in prison , fines and the possibility of supervised release for the rest of their lives , authorities said . The seven will be sentenced April 14 . During the six-day trial , evidence showed the seven participated in what prosecutors called a "  well-organized criminal enterprise whose purpose was to proliferate child sex abuse images to its membership during a two-year period . " "  This was a wide-scale , high-volume , international trafficking enterprise that used sophisticated computer encryption technology and file-sharing techniques , " Matthew Friedrich , acting assistant attorney general , said in the statement . The seven defendants were James Freeman of Santa Rosa Beach , Florida ; Gary Lakey of Anderson , Indiana ; Marvin Lambert of Indianapolis , Indiana ; Neville McGarity of Medina , Texas ; Warren Mumpower of Spokane , Washington ; Daniel Castleman of Lubbock , Texas ; and Ronald White of Burlington , North Carolina , according to the Department of Justice . The charges included engaging in a child exploitation enterprise ; conspiracy to advertise , transport , ship , receive and possess child pornography ; advertising child pornography , transporting child pornography , receiving child pornography and obstruction of justice , prosecutors said . Seven additional American defendants previously entered guilty pleas , prosecutors said .	Jurors convict seven people of multiple child pornography charges Australian constable infiltrated porn ring , testified Members shared "  illegal images and videos " of preteens engaged in sex acts The seven will be sentenced in April
The Obama administration has framed its defense of the controversial bulk collection of all American phone records as necessary to prevent a future 9/11 . During a House Intelligence Committee hearing on June 18 , NSA director Gen. Keith Alexander said , "  Let me start by saying that I would much rather be here today debating this point than trying to explain how we failed to prevent another 9/11 . " This closely mirrors talking points by the National Security Agency about how to defend the program . In the talking points , NSA officials are encouraged to use "  sound bites that resonate , " specifically , "  I much prefer to be here today explain these programs , than explaining another 9/11 event that we were not able to prevent . " On Friday in New York , Judge William H. Pauley III ruled that NSA 's bulk collection of American telephone records is lawful . He cited Alexander 's testimony and quoted him saying , "  We could n't connect the dots because we did n't have the dots . " But is it really the case that the U.S. intelligence community did n't have the dots in the lead up to 9/11 ? Hardly . In fact , the intelligence community provided repeated strategic warning in the summer of 9/11 that al Qaeda was planning a large-scale attacks on American interests . Here is a representative sampling of the CIA threat reporting that was distributed to Bush administration officials during the spring and summer of 2001 : -- CIA , "  Bin Ladin Planning Multiple Operations , " April 20 -- CIA , "  Bin Ladin Attacks May Be Imminent , " June 23 -- CIA , "  Planning for Bin Ladin Attacks Continues , Despite Delays , " July 2 -- CIA , "  Threat of Impending al Qaeda Attack to Continue Indefinitely , " August 3 The failure to respond adequately to these warnings was a policy failure by the Bush administration , not an intelligence failure by the U.S. intelligence community . A case of missed opportunities The CIA itself also had its own spectacular failure in the run up to 9/11 , which was n't a failure to collect intelligence , but a failure of information sharing . The CIA had quite a bit of information about two of the hijackers and their presence in the United States before 9/11 , which the agency did n't share with other government agencies until it was too late to do anything about it . The government missed multiple opportunities to catch al Qaeda hijacker Khalid al-Mihdhar when he was living in San Diego for a year and a half in the run up to 9/11 , not because it lacked access to all Americans phone records but because it did n't share the information it already possessed about the soon-to-be hijacker within other branches of the government . The missed opportunities in the al-Mihdhar case are well-documented . The CIA failed to "  watch-list " al-Mihdhar and another suspected al Qaeda terrorist , Nawaf al-Hazmi , whom the agency had been tracking since they attended an al Qaeda summit in Malaysia on January 5 , 2000 . The failure to put Mihdhar and Hamzi on a watch list meant that immigration and law enforcement authorities were not alerted to their presence when they entered the United States under their real names . Ten days after the meeting in Malaysia , on January 15 , 2000 , al-Hazmi and al-Mihdhar flew into Los Angeles . The CIA also did not alert the FBI about the identities of the suspected terrorists so that the bureau could look for them once they were inside the United States . An investigation by the CIA inspector general -- published in unclassified form in 2007 -- found that this was not the oversight of a couple of agency employees but rather that a large number of CIA officers and analysts had dropped the ball . Some 50 to 60 agency employees read cables about the two al Qaeda suspects without taking any action . Some of those officers knew that one of the al Qaeda suspects had a visa for the United States , and by March 2001 , some knew that the other suspect had flown to Los Angeles . The soon-to-be hijackers would not have been difficult to find in California if their names had been known to law enforcement . Under their real names , they rented an apartment , got driver 's licenses , opened bank accounts , purchased a car and took flight lessons . Al-Mihdhar even listed his name in the local phone directory . It was only on August 24 , 2001 , as a result of questions raised by a CIA officer on assignment at the FBI , that the two al Qaeda suspects were watch-listed and their names communicated to the bureau . Even then , the FBI sent out only a "  routine " notice requesting an investigation of al-Mihdhar . Nothing substantive came of this request . A month later , al-Hamzi and al-Mihdhar were two of the hijackers on American Airlines Flight 77 that plunged into the Pentagon , killing 189 people . The CIA inspector general 's report concluded that "  informing the FBI and good operational follow-through by CIA and FBI might have resulted in surveillance of both al-Mihdhar and al-Hazmi . Surveillance , in turn , would have had the potential to yield information on flight training , financing , and links to others who were complicit in the 9/11 attacks . " It 's about the sharing These multiple missed opportunities challenge the administration 's claims that the NSA 's bulk phone data surveillance program could have prevented the 9/11 attacks . The key problem was one of information sharing , not the lack of information . Obama administration officials who defend the NSA bulk collection of phone records program cite the failure to detect al-Mihdhar 's presence in San Diego before 9/11 as a reason to justify the program . Then-FBI Director Robert Mueller argued before the House Judiciary Committee on June 13 that bulk collection of telephone records might have prevented 9/11 . "  Before 9/11 , there was an individual by the name of Khalid al-Mihdhar , who came to be one of the principal hijackers . He was being tracked by the intelligence agencies in the Far East . They lost track of him . At the same time , the intelligence agencies had identified an al Qaeda safe house in Yemen . "  They understood that that al Qaeda safe house had a telephone number , but they could not know who was calling into that particular safe house . We came to find out afterwards that the person who had called into that safe house was al-Mihdhar , who was in the United States in San Diego . If we had had this program in place at the time , we would have been able to identify that particular telephone number in San Diego . " As documented above , however , the government missed multiple opportunities to catch al-Mihdhar , and the failure was one of information sharing inside the U.S. intelligence community . Since we ca n't run history backward , all we can say with certainty is that it is an indisputable fact that the proper sharing of intelligence by the CIA with other agencies about al-Mihdhar may well have derailed the 9/11 plot . And it is merely an untestable hypothesis that if the NSA bulk phone collection program had been in place at the time that it might have helped to find the soon-to-be-hijackers in San Diego . Indeed , the overall problem for U.S. counterterrorism officials is not that they do n't gather enough information from the bulk surveillance of American phone data but that they do n't sufficiently understand or widely share the information they already possess that is derived from conventional law enforcement and intelligence techniques . An unfortunate pattern of cases What was true of the two 9/11 hijackers living in San Diego was also the unfortunate pattern we have seen in several other significant terrorism cases : -- Chicago resident David Coleman Headley was central to the planning of the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people . Yet , following the 9/11 attacks , U.S. authorities received plausible tips regarding Headley 's associations with militant groups at least five times from his family members , friends and acquaintances . These multiple tips were never followed up in an effective fashion . -- Maj. Nidal Hasan , a military psychiatrist , killed 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 . Yet intelligence agencies had intercepted multiple e-mails between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S.-born cleric living in Yemen who was notorious for his ties to militants . The e-mails included a discussion of the permissibility in Islam of killing U.S. soldiers . Counterterrorism investigators did n't follow up on these e-mails , believing they were somehow consistent with Hasan 's job as a military psychiatrist . -- Carlos Bledsoe , a convert to Islam , fatally shot a soldier at a Little Rock , Arkansas , military recruiting office in 2009 . Shortly before the attack , Bledsoe had traveled to Yemen . As a result , Bledsoe was under investigation by the FBI yet he was still able to buy the weapons he needed for his deadly attack when he was back in the United States . -- Nigerian Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab attempted to blow up Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 with an "  underwear bomb . " Luckily , the bomb failed to explode . Yet , a few weeks before the botched attack , AbdulMutallab 's father contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria with concerns that his son had become radicalized and might be planning something . This information was n't further investigated . AbdulMutallab had been recruited by al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen for the mission . The White House 's review of the underwear bomb plot concluded that there was sufficient information known to the U.S. government to determine that AbdulMutallab was likely working for al Qaeda in Yemen and that the group was looking to expand its attacks beyond Yemen . Yet AbdulMutallab was allowed to board a plane bound for the United States without any question . All of these serious terrorism cases argue not for the gathering of ever vaster troves of information but simply for a better understanding of the information the government has already collected and that are derived from conventional law enforcement and intelligence methods .	NSA and defenders say its bulk surveillance could prevent another 9/11 Peter Bergen : True story of 9/11 was n't a failure to have enough intelligence data He says the Bush administration failed to connect the dots , but they were plentiful Bergen : U.S. officials often fail to properly interpret or share the data the government collects
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry has acknowledged that he killed Taliban insurgents on his latest tour of duty in Afghanistan as a crew member of an Apache attack helicopter . Harry has been serving for four months as a co-pilot gunner  CPG  in southern Helmand province -- considered a Taliban heartland -- and flew on scores of missions with the trigger to rockets , missiles and a 30mm cannon at his fingertips . No one is saying how many insurgents Harry might have killed but toward the end of his deployment , the 28-year-old , known to his comrades as Captain Wales , shared some of his feelings about combat with reporters while on duty in the massive military base known as Camp Bastion . He said it was sometimes justified to "  take a life to save a life . That 's what we revolve around , I suppose . " More : How ` soldier prince ' tore up royal rule book Harry explained how the roles of Apaches and CPGs have changed since his previous deployments in 2007 and 2008 . "  It used to be very much : front seat , you 're firing the whole time . "  Now , yes we fire when we have to but essentially we 're more of a deterrent than anything else . "  Our job out here is to make sure the guys are safe on the ground and if that means shooting someone who is shooting at them , then we will do it , " said the prince , third in line to the British throne . "  It 's not the reason I decided to do this job . The reason to do this job was to get back out here , and carry on with a job . " Away from his helicopter , the prince mixed freely on base , eating in the canteen with everyone else and relaxing by playing video games with others in the 130-strong 662 Squadron , 3 Regiment Army Air Corps  AAC  . With those comrades , he was just "  one of the guys . " More : Harry named world 's most eligible bachelor In contrast to his privileged upbringing in palaces and an education at Eton College , the prince lived in a shared room within shipping containers converted into an accommodation block . He said he was free to stroll around the base , to visit the gym or the laundry . "  It 's completely normal , " Harry added . But he said he still received unwanted attention in more public places . "  For me it 's not that normal because I go into the cookhouse and everyone has a good old gawp , and that 's one thing that I dislike about being here , " he said . Opinion : Cheeky Harry vs. dull brother William "  Because there 's plenty of guys in there that have never met me , therefore look at me as Prince Harry and not as Captain Wales , which is frustrating . "  Which is probably another reason why I 'd love to be out in the PBs  patrol bases  , away from it all . "  But yeah , it 's completely normal . It 's as normal as it 's going to get . I 'm one of the guys . I do n't get treated any differently . " His deployment meant he could step back from the public eye , although he said his father , the heir to the British throne Prince Charles , often reminded him of his position . Harry admitted he had "  let himself and his family down " when he was photographed naked at a party in a Las Vegas hotel last year . Harry on Vegas romp : ' I let my family down ' He also expressed frustration about the media . Referring to the TV producer whom he was addressing , he said : "  I never wanted you guys to be out here , but there was an agreement made to invite you out on the deal that the media did n't speculate before my deployment . That 's the only reason you guys are out here . " Harry appeared happier talking about his military role : building up the Afghan National Army , the ANA , so it can eventually take over . "  It 's great to see the ANA taking more of a lead in things as well . And the professionalism is definitely shining through . " That 's something his superiors in the army might say of the prince himself . What do you think about Prince Harry 's comments ? Leave your comments below .	Britain 's Prince Harry says he killed Taliban militants during tour in Afghanistan Harry , known to comrades as Captain Wales , had served for four months in Helmand province Harry : "  We fire when we have to but we 're more of a deterrent than anything else "
CNN Student News  -- November 29 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : â€¢ North Korea â€¢ Portland , Oregon â€¢ Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : CNN Student News welcomes you back from Thanksgiving break ! Hope you had a great turkey day . Here is your commercial-free news on this last Monday in November . First Up : Island Attacked AZUZ : First up -- things are tense with North Korea . Again . U.S. Senator John McCain says he does n't think the Asian country really wants war , but that 's what it 's talking about as the U.S. and South Korea start military exercises off the coast of the Korean peninsula . Here 's CNN 's Chris Lawrence . CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : You 're talking in the neighborhood of about 7,000 American sailors , 75 fighter jets on board . This is going to be a combination of air and sea , last for about four days . And , so , that 's when we will have to start really keeping an eye on what North Korea 's response will be when those training exercises start . AZUZ : These military exercises have been planned for awhile . North Korea characterizes them as a "  pretext for aggression " that could ignite a war and says they 're creating a state of "  ultra emergency " in the Korean peninsula . Why do some American lawmakers doubt there 'll be a war ? Because North Korea 's done this sort of thing before -- they 've made these threatening statements -- in hopes of getting other countries to pacify North Korea with aid or money . Senator McCain says the U.S. has given North Korea more than a billion dollars in the past 15 years to try to get North Korea to negotiate . So why is that country 's threat still serious ? Because last week , North Korea attacked a South Korean island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . It said that was in response to military exercises being done by South Korea alone . And North Korea has moved surface-to-air missiles to its border with South Korea . Why does all this matter so much to the U.S. ? Well , you know that the U.S. was involved in the 1950s Korean War . Today , America has a defense treaty with South Korea . If war breaks out again between North and South , the U.S. is committed to help defend South Korea . Plot in Portland AZUZ : The place : Portland , Oregon . The event : The lighting of the city 's Christmas tree . The problem : Officials say someone wanted to bomb the celebration , which attracts thousands of people . He failed , as you can see here , the tree shining with lights and the flashes of cameras from the crowd . Those who were here are thankful to the Portland police and the FBI who say this man -- 19-year-old Mohamed Osman Mohamud -- tried to blow up what he thought was a car bomb at the ceremony on Friday night . Police say the Muslim teen was interested in violent religious attacks , but that the people at the event were never in any real danger , because officials had had their eye on Mohamud for a long time . The FBI says it had worked undercover to trap the suspect . This included getting in touch with Mohamud , finding out what he allegedly wanted to attack , and then providing a fake car bomb that Mohamud is accused of trying to detonate several times during the ceremony . Muslim leaders in the Portland area spoke out against the plot and any violence that targets innocent people . Is This Legit ? STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is This Legit ? Haiti 's government is a constitutional monarchy . Not legit ! Haiti is a republic ; its president is elected by popular vote . Haiti Elections AZUZ : So Haiti 's people may choose their leader directly , but did they have the chance to do it fairly ? There were 18 candidates for president in yesterday 's election in Haiti . 11 of them say the vote was tainted by fraud all over the country . The leading politician even asked for the election to be canceled ! Ivan Watson takes you to the political scene in a country crushed by poverty , disaster and disease . BEGIN VIDEO IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Haiti 's presidential palace still lies in ruins , but that has n't stopped these politicians from competing for the top job . Eighteen candidates , mobilizing supporters and money , to win the post of president . Historically , Haitian elections are plagued by violence , allegations of fraud , and logistical problems . This year , election officials say they 've trained staff and carefully prepared ballot counting centers to ensure a smoother election . But 48 hours before the polls were scheduled to open , crowds waited in line to receive identification cards that will allow them to vote . At the beginning of this month , hundreds of thousands of ID cards had yet to be distributed . Election workers , disorganized , struggling to maintain order . At least one woman collapses after waiting for hours . And tempers start to flare . Meanwhile , fresh reports of violence . The United Nations says it deployed peacekeepers and police to one southern town Friday night after supporters of presidential candidate Michel Martelly clashed with members of the outgoing president 's political party . Last week , U.N. Peacekeepers lost control of the streets of Haiti 's second largest city , after a deadly cholera outbreak triggered violent protests . Haitian authorities are n't taking any chances . They 're imposing strict curfews on vehicle traffic on election day , banning the sale of alcohol , and suspending licenses for guns until three days after the vote . END VIDEO Shoutout APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout ! What is the Monday after Thanksgiving weekend known as ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Leftover Monday , B  Online Monday , C  Cyber Monday or D  Manic Monday ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Many stores see Cyber Monday as the beginning of the online shopping season for the holidays ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! More Hype than Sales ? AZUZ : That means today , millions of Americans will be shopping online ; many of them are going to be at work when they do . Consumer Reports says that 17 percent of adult Americans will be surfing for internet deals today , while 13 percent are expected to actually set foot in a store . So you can see the difference between Cyber Monday , and Black Friday , which was last week . Retailers were hoping to get in the black , meaning they 'd be making profits , but this time around , it looks like Black Friday was more hype than sales . The crowds were bigger overall . But the actual increase in Black Friday sales was only slight . In fact , it was about the same increase over last year as last year was over the year before . Football Concussions AZUZ : CNN recently interviewed Fred McNeill . He 's a former Minnesota Vikings linebacker who clearly remembers one of the big plays he made in Super Bowl 11 . That was back in 1977 . But if you were to ask McNeill where he was yesterday and whom he just met , the 58-year-old has trouble remembering . Doctor Sanjay Gupta interviews another football player and tells us what could be the reasons why for these memory issues . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Do you feel like now , in retrospect , you ever stayed in the game or was sort of pushed to stay in the game when you should n't have ? KURT WARNER , FORMER NFL QUARTERBACK : Yes , there 's no question that 's happened . A lot of guys when they get those hits or those concussions , they think , "  OK , I 'm just going to play through it here for the short-term and it 's going to get better . " UNIDENTIFIED ANNOUNCER : He was just lifted up and deposited - GUPTA : Playing through it is part of football says Warner . A big part . WARNER : Probably 100 percent of the guys that played my sport in the NFL have been there . And I think for a long time it was felt like , well , if you did n't get up dizzy or with no memory , then you really did n't suffer a concussion . GUPTA : What does a concussion feel like ? WARNER : It 's like a mental fogginess , where you almost seem like you 're separated from the situation . You 're in it , but you 're kind of looking at it from the outside looking in . GUSKIEWICZ : How many of you have -- by show of hands - had a concussion ? GUPTA : Kevin Guskiewicz , formerly a Pittsburgh Steelers trainer , studies concussions ' impact on the brain in high school players . KEVIN GUSKIEWICZ , BRAIN INJURY RESEARCHER , FORMER NFL TRAINER : This is showing moderate levels of atrophy . GUPTA : And retired NFL athletes . In his study , players who 've had three or more concussions get MRIs . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I 'm going to say three words . GUPTA : And memory tests . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Apple , penny , table . Now you say those . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Apple , penny , table . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Good . GUPTA : Memory problems are not the only thing they are finding . GUSKIEWICZ : The brain has shrunk . GUPTA : Concussions may be shrinking memory and learning centers in the brain , thwarting its ability to transmit signals . END VIDEO AZUZ : We asked the NFL about Kurt Warner 's statement about players staying in the game even if they are hurt . The organization 's response : "  If anything , we are going in the other direction where people sit out until they are totally symptom-free . There are so many protocols now , if a guy gets pulled out in a game , he can not go back until he 's cleared by the team doctor . " Before We Go AZUZ : 'T is the season when you see members of the Salvation Army , ringing bells outside stores . They do n't have to be human . Here 's Tinker , a miniature horse who 's harnessed the heart of the holidays . His owner says she saw too many people passing by the kettle without making donations . So with a little training , Tinker rings a bell and brings money to the pan ! Goodbye AZUZ : Silencing all the neigh-sayers . Hey , Tinker may be a little guy , but he 's still a stud . We 're riding out -- I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News and we 'll see you tomorrow .	North Korea voices anger and threats over international military exercises Haitian candidates say fraud ran rampant during their country 's elections A former NFL quarterback talks concussions and staying in the game anyway Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Today , the day after the tragic shootings near Milwaukee , the fog will begin to lift . Just as after Columbine and Aurora , we will hear the names of the suspect and victims . We will learn more about the motive and imagine the nightmare that unfolded within those walls . In the past , hearing these horrific details would be enough to bring us together in national unity . But that will not be enough today . Today , we are called to do more . We are called to do the hard work of listening . If we really want to unite in response to this national tragedy , we need to know whom we are embracing . For many , this means learning about Sikh Americans for the first time -- and listening closely to what 's at stake . For me , the mass shooting is not just about how to keep guns out of the hands of a murderous few . It 's also about my community 's sacrifice in the struggle to live as free and proud Americans . As a Sikh American whose grandfather sailed by steamship from Punjab , India , and settled in California 100 years ago , my family 's story spans the struggle of Sikhs in America . Donning a turban and long beard , my grandfather tamed the hard floor of the Central Valley on a John Deere tractor in the early 1900s . Sikh pioneers such as my grandfather could not own land or become citizens because of the color of their skin , but they stayed and farmed , weathering race riots and decades of second-class treatment until the law permitted their children and grandchildren to become citizens . Like many Sikhs , I grew up with deep roots in America and also fell in love with the heart of the Sikh faith : devotion to one God , who requires us to uphold equality between women and men and all peoples , and perform seva , service to our community as an expression of our faith . Our house of worship is called a gurdwara , where we recite and sing the poetry of our sacred scriptures.Ã‚ Many Sikhs wear five articles of faith , including kesh , long uncut hair that most men and some women wrap in a cloth turban . Nearly every person who wears a turban in America is Sikh . Tragically , the turban meant to represent a commitment to service and justice has since marked Sikh Americans as targets in hate violence . Our family , alongside Sikh families who arrived in a wave of immigration after the 1960s , became American in law but not necessarily in the eyes of our neighbors . I was old enough to remember racial slurs and shattered windows after the Iran hostage crisis , the first Gulf War and the Oklahoma City bombing . Still , none of this could prepare me for 9/11 . In the hours and days after 9/11 , turbaned Sikh Americans became automatically suspect , perpetually foreign and potentially terrorist -- confused with Muslims , and so immediate targets in anti-Muslim violence . Hate violence swept the country , and on September 15 , 2001 , a Sikh man was gunned down in front of his gas station in Mesa , Arizona . My family knew Balbir Singh Sodhi ; it felt as though an uncle had been murdered . But the killing was not broadcast widely on national news . A few days later , I grabbed my camera , left college and began a journey across America that would last a decade , capturing on film the stories of Sikh Americans profiled , beaten , stabbed , shot but persevering in faith and resilience . The FBI reported a 1,600 % increase in anti-Muslim hate crimes in the year after 9/11 . Over the last decade , I became part of a new generation of Sikh Americans who organized and became lawyers , artists , journalists and elected officials , in part to advocate on behalf of a community repeatedly swept up in waves of anti-Muslim rhetoric , violence and racial profiling . In a poor economy and critical election season , we have recently watched ideologues use anti-Muslim bias to turn a profit in dollars and votes . When discontents can easily access guns , many of us feared more hate violence . Whether or not the shooting in a Milwaukee suburb is a hate crime , the news has reverberated through every Sikh American home . We saw our own gurdwara on the television screen ; we imagined our own aunts and uncles , brothers and sisters , caught in the gunfire . And we shared an all-too-familiar sense of helplessness , grief and the sadness of a community that has long struggled to live , work and worship peacefully in this country . But this time , something new happened : The whole nation paid attention . Thousands of people posted messages of love and support in the face of unspeakable tragedy . They knew that the Sikh community gathered to pray on a Sunday morning just like millions in churches across the country . They knew that the terrible loss of life so recently after the shootings in Aurora shocks the conscience and violates our deepest values . They knew that this is not a Sikh tragedy but an American tragedy . Today and in the days to come , I believe Americans are hungry for the next step . We are ready to come together in a groundswell of healing , hope and renewed commitment to a world without violence . We are ready to come together in true national unity , we are ready to listen . There is a Sikh gurdwara in nearly every city in America . Come this Sunday morning . Listen and be with us . Americans ' support -- every candle , every prayer -- will be felt by Sikh Americans across the country . Together , we can all be Sikhs ; we can all be Americans -- and know what that means . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	Valarie Kaur 's Sikh grandfather faced discrimination when he came to U.S. 100 years ago Sikhs could not be citizens then , she says , and have struggled to live as free Americans Kaur : Turban shows commitment to God and service but marks Sikhs for hate crimes Kaur : Americans are not ignoring violence against Sikhs and are rallying in support
Editor 's Note : Two-time Oscar winner Denzel Washington joined the Mt. Vernon Boys & Girls Club in New York at the age of 6 and remained an active member for the next 12 years . The actor credits his early years spent at the club with changing the direction of his life . Since 1994 , he has served as a volunteer national spokesman for Boys & Girls Clubs of America , appearing in public service announcements on television and in print . He 's also a member of the group 's board . Denzel Washington says America 's leaders need to pay attention to the crisis affecting our children . CNN  -- With the political season in full swing , much is at stake for America . The economy is in a downward spiral . We have an energy crisis . Our jobless rate is on the rise . These are the subjects that generate headlines and much debate among the candidates . But there is an underlying problem that we as a nation have not addressed , a situation that should concern any American with an eye on the future , regardless of party affiliation . It is the crisis affecting our children : â€¢ Nearly 30 percent of this year 's freshman class will drop out of high school , according to the National Center for Education Statistics . That number jumps to 40 percent in some urban areas . â€¢ The obesity rate for our kids has gone up by as much as 300 percent since 1980 , according to the National Center for Health Statistics , triggering a host of health-related problems , from diabetes to heart disease . â€¢ Young people account for more than 20 percent of violent crimes in the United States , according to statistics cited by Duke University 's Center for Child and Family Policy . Violent juvenile crime peaks between 3 and 4 p.m. , at the end of the school day . These facts are grim enough . Factor in persistent patterns of poverty , gang activity , drug abuse and teenage pregnancy , and you have a generation of Americans that will be unprepared -- indeed , unable -- to meet the challenges posed by a complex world . We expect our leaders to lead . But as citizens , we should n't simply sit back and hope that politicians stand up to the test . We can participate in the political process , advocating for policies that will benefit the health , education and well-being of young Americans , because we must do a better job of preparing our youth to lead . It is daunting to think about solving such a widespread crisis . But there are youth-serving organizations that can and do play a key role in effecting positive change -- places such as Boys & Girls Clubs , with a long track record of helping young people turn things around , get an education , lead healthy lives and become effective leaders . I know , because I was one of those kids . Club staff taught me right from wrong and made the lesson stick . They planted the seeds early on that led me to envision myself as a high school graduate , a college graduate and an achiever in whatever field I chose . Boys & Girls Clubs do this today for millions of kids , offering everything from homework help to career exploration , performing a daily miracle that turns hope into opportunity . Urging children and the adults in their lives to "  Be Great , " these clubs communicate the idea that there is potential for greatness in every child . This powerful call to action reminds us that we can all play a role in helping youth realize their dreams . So I ask you to join me in this effort . There are many ways to help : â€¢ Volunteering at a local youth organization . â€¢ Leading by example . â€¢ Donating to charities that make a difference . In partnership with government , schools , community leaders and parents , we can create a network and culture in which everyone embraces the importance of a positive future for our youth . But right now , with Election Day fast approaching , ask your local , state and national candidates what they are doing to help our young people become tomorrow 's leaders . Ask them to make children a top priority and tell them that you hold them accountable . If we all become advocates for our children , elected officials might just take action . We can do better . And if we care about our nation 's future , we must do better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Denzel Washington : In a year of many issues , children are key priority Washington : Voters need to hold politicians accountable for helping young people Education , crime , obesity are all issues relating to youth , Washington says There are many ways to help , including Boys & Girls Clubs , he says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A Swiss diplomat was released from jail Thursday after being arrested on a sex charge , the Iranian media reported . The first secretary of the U.S. Interests section of the Swiss Embassy in Tehran had been in an "  indecent sexual relation " with an Iranian woman in his car , Iran 's Press TV reported , citing Iranian police . Police spotted the car with diplomatic plates in a parking lot and caught the diplomat . The woman was "  improperly dressed and in an obscene situation , " Press TV said . The "  sexual relation " occurred after the diplomat , who was not named , promised he would marry the woman , Press TV reported . Both were released on bail . It was not clear what charges were filed against the woman . Press TV said it had contacted the deputy head of the U.S. Interest Section in Tehran , Elizabeth Bucher , but she would not comment on the report . The suspect is a Swiss diplomat who represents the United States in Iran in the absence of a U.S. presence . The United States and Iran have not had full diplomatic relations since the 1979 Islamic revolution .	Diplomat said to have been in "  indecent sexual relation " with woman in car Swiss embassy staffer was seen with woman "  in an obscene situation " Incident occurred after diplomat promised to marry the woman , reports said
CNN  -- A Kentucky pastor said it was "  easier " that a Mennonite couple that was engaged to be married died together in a car crash Friday instead of one having to live without the other . "  I 'm just thankful that not one of them was left behind . It would be so much easier for them this way , both being able to go , be together in heaven , " Leroy Kauffman , pastor of the Marrowbone Christian Brotherhood Church in Burkesville , said in a press conference Friday . The two were among 11 people killed in a fiery crash Friday morning after a tractor-trailer crossed a median and smashed head-on into a van in what is being called Kentucky 's deadliest vehicle wreck in 20 years . The driver of the tractor-trailer , which was operated by Hester Inc. , from Fayette , Alabama , was killed , a spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday . The passengers in the 15-person van were Mennonites traveling to a wedding in Iowa , Kauffman said . Nine of them were congregants in his church . "  It 's been a tremendous shock , " he told reporters later . "  At the same time , we 're experiencing the grace and peace of God . " Mennonites and Amish trace their roots to the same Anabaptist movement and share some of the same beliefs concerning baptism , non-resistance , and basic Bible doctrines . They differ in dress , technology , language , form of worship , and interpretation of the Bible , according to Third Way Cafe , a Web site run by the Mennonite Missionary Network . WLKY : 10 family members die in wreck John Eshe , a fellow minister in the church and his wife , Sadie , were killed , Kauffman said . So were four of the couple 's 12 children ; a daughter-in-law , a baby grandson and their daughter 's fiance , Kauffman said . CNN affiliate WBKO reported that the 10th person in the van was a friend of the family . Two children , ages 3 and 5 , survived , Kauffman said . They were adopted from Guatemala by the Eshes ' eldest son , Leroy , and his wife , who were both killed , Kauffman said . The couple 's third adopted child , a baby who was likely held by someone in the car when the crash occurred , was killed , Kauffman said . The surviving boys are with their mother 's parents , the pastor said . A trucker who came upon the scene found the two of them alive and put them in his truck , where they fell asleep , he said , and they were "  kept warm " there until the officials arrived . "  They 're very sweet , very intelligent little boys , " he said . The family was "  mission-minded , " the pastor said , explaining that two of the couple 's other children are missionaries in Brazil , and a son , Johnny , died on a mission trip to the Ukraine three years ago , he said . "  You can see that John 's heart was to have his children in the work of the Lord , " Kauffman said . The NTSB will begin an investigation into the wreck Saturday morning , spokesman Peter Knudson said . "  It 's so early in the investigation , so we 've ruled nothing out , but we do know the tractor-trailer did leave the roadway and crossed the barrier . We do know that happened , we do n't know why it occurred , " he said . "  We 've got a lot of work to do . " The wreck happened between 5:30 a.m. and 6 a.m. at mile marker 63 on Interstate 65 , roughly 40 miles northwest of Bowling Green , near Mammoth Cave National Park , said Lt. David Jude , a spokesman for the Kentucky State Police . Authorities briefly closed the southbound lanes of Interstate-65 so medical helicopters could land , but those lanes soon reopened . The northbound lanes remained closed early Friday afternoon , Jude said . Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear offered his condolences . He said his office was in contact with emergency personnel and will follow the investigation . "  Today and the days that follow will be very difficult for these families and the surrounding community , " he said . "  Our entire state grieves with the community and all the families will remain in our thoughts and prayers . " Meanwhile , members of the tight-knit Mennonite community where most of the victims came from were trying to come to terms with the deaths . "  Life will go on , but it 'll be difficult , " said Kai Steinmann , a neighbor and friend of the Eshes . "  For us as a community , I think it 's going to mean that a big piece of us is gone . " Steinmann , 25 , described the Mennonite community as a "  largely construction-oriented " group of about 100 people that formed 10 years ago . The night before the accident , Steinmann said the Eshe family attended a church meeting with other members of the community , expressing excitement over the wedding and requesting prayers for safe travel . "  We will accept it as the will of God , " Steinmann said . "  This is n't an accident , God knew this from the beginning and that will be one of the beginning things that the community will do , accept it as the will of God . " The CNN Wire Staff contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We will accept it as the will of God , " victims ' neighbor from Mennonite community says Tractor-trailer crossed median and struck van , police say ; truck driver killed Two children in safety seats in van survive crash NTSB sending team to investigate
In 2012 , hard-nosed rhetoric from the United States and Israel has accompanied an ever louder drumbeat for a possible "  military option " to combat Iran 's nuclear program . Tehran has responded with threats and escalating rhetoric . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , on the 33rd anniversary of the Islamic Revolution  February 11  , emphasized Iran 's determination for nuclear development , promising to announce new breakthroughs in the near future . And Wednesday he watched as fuel rods were loaded into the core of a Tehran reactor . Is a military strike inevitable ? U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta recently expressed his belief that Israel might strike within the next two to three months . Whether or not he knows for sure , one wonders why such statements were made public . Israel seems to suggest that unless decisive steps are taken to halt Iran 's nuclear plans , the military option may be inevitable . Israel , it should be recalled , did n't threaten Iraq before it attacked its nuclear site in 1981 ; neither did Israel confirm striking the Syrian nuclear facilities in 2007 . Iran has responded by threatening to close the Strait of Hormuz -- the key strategic waterway that is a conduit for more than a quarter of the world 's oil -- so that not a drop of oil will pass through the strait . During the Iran-Iraq War  1980-1988  , Iran often threatened to close the strait but never did , so why is Iran , which is economically dependent on oil exported through the Persian Gulf , again threatening to close the strait now ? There seems to be a thick smoke screen , a tug of war and  rhetorical  arm-twisting aimed at domestic audiences no less than their international adversaries . To be sure , there are serious reasons for Western concern . The International Atomic Energy Association 's November report suggesting Iran had resumed its clandestine nuclear military program has contributed to the current escalation . In fact , possession of nuclear weapons by a regime with Iran 's radical ideology would dramatically change the geo-strategic map of the region and trigger nuclear proliferation throughout the Middle East . Nuclear Iran would also serve as an umbrella for Islamist movements , such as Hamas and Hezbollah , emboldening them and leading to greater radicalism throughout the region . The regional instability following the "  Arab Spring , " Iran 's involvement in Bahrain and Syria , and its meddling elsewhere  mainly in Iraq and Afghanistan  have made the Iranian challenge even more alarming . Moreover , while in the past Iran 's national interest often balanced its radical ideology producing relative pragmatism , it now appears that Iran is primarily concerned with regime survival , which may trigger greater extremism . Imagine what might have happened if Moammar Gadhafi had nuclear weapons just a few months ago or if Iran 's principal ally , Bashar al-Assad in Syria , had them now . U.S. allies in the Middle East  Saudi Arabia , Israel  have persistently pressured the United States to confront Iran . Washington may be trying to reassure its allies and as well as dissuade them  mainly Israel  from taking independent action that could ultimately drag the U.S. into an open confrontation with Iran . The United States also recognizes that Iran is weak and vulnerable and can be pressured to reconsider its nuclear policy . Yet the Iranian nuclear program appears to be progressing , which is also creating a sense of urgency among the United States and its allies . This is also an election year -- the U.S. presidential election in the November and Iran 's parliamentary elections in the spring . There may be elections in Israel as well . The pre-election posturing has also contributed to the tough rhetoric from all sides . In Israel , the recent rhetorical escalation undoubtedly reveals genuine concern . The Iranian calls to "  eliminate and destroy " Israel and its denial of Holocaust , coupled with the Israeli mantra that Iran poses an "  existential threat , " has shaped public opinion . One can question the wisdom of using the term "  existential threat , " which sends the wrong message to Iran  that Israel is frightened  and to Israelis  suggesting that if Iran goes nuclear they should leave the country  . Likewise , equating Iran with Nazi Germany and Ahmadinejad with Hitler only diminishes the historical significance of the Holocaust . Such comparisons may also create the impression that the Iranian nuclear program is mainly , if not exclusively , Israel 's problem , which demands a solution with the trademark "  made in Israel . " Yet this is a convenient way to deliver the message at home as well as abroad . This approach also seems to have awakened Europe to the gravity and urgency of the threat of a nuclear Iran . For its part , the Islamic Revolution is marking its 33rd anniversary in a gloomy atmosphere , facing severe socioeconomic and political-factional challenges . It has been pummeled economically by the cumulative effects of the U.N. Security Council sanctions , and those imposed independently by the United States and European Union . Its currency has been devalued considerably , and growing unemployment and inflation are squeezing the people . Although the riots following the rigged 2009 presidential elections have been crushed , the fire of rebellion rages on . Clearly , the Islamic regime has lost much of its legitimacy among its own youth . Still , thus far , Tehran shows no sign of retreating from its nuclear schemes . In fact , for Iranian hard-liners , a threatening distant enemy is an advantage ; it allows the regime to demonstrate power and rally the people , with the nuclear program as symbol of pride and independence . Still , there are ways to delay the Iranian nuclear program , short of the hazardous military option . In contrast to the regime 's inflated pretensions , Iran today is weak and vulnerable . A unified , uncompromising Western policy may still force Iran to rethink its nuclear policy , even without Russia and China on board . If states of the West put their individual short-term economic interests aside , they would be able to face collectively what seems to be the major geo-strategic challenge of 2012 . Finally , while the "  military option " is already "  off of the shelf " and in play , all parties  with the exception of some radicals , mainly in Iran  are aware of its severe ramifications . Continued rhetoric may lead to further escalation and miscalculation , which may deteriorate to confrontation even if none of the parties actually want it -- the 1967 war in the Middle East is only one such example . Leaders may find themselves trapped in a rhetorical corner with their countries dragged into an unintended confrontation . One can only hope that someone will provide them with the appropriate ladder to get down from the high tree into which they have climbed . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	David Menashri : Parties to the Iran nuclear issue talking tough about what they might do He says the heightened rhetoric increases the possibility of events cycling out of control Menashri : Why warn about bombing Iran sites ? Or closing Strait of Hormuz ? He says leaders need to stop using crisis for political purposes and calm things down
CNN  -- FBI investigators were working Tuesday to discover what caused a small hole in the body of a US Airways jet . A pilot discovered the hole Monday while checking the aircraft before a flight , the airline said . The puncture in the Boeing 737 airliner is the size and shape of a bullet hole , but that does n't mean someone shot at the plane , said Amy Thorenson , a spokeswoman for the FBI in Charlotte , North Carolina . Investigators do n't yet know what could have caused the hole , she said Tuesday morning . The airline declined to comment . "  We 're not speculating on the hole and what caused it , " airline spokeswoman Valerie Wunder said . The aircraft had flown to Charlotte from Philadelphia and was being prepped for another flight when the pilot discovered the hole above a passenger window toward the back of the plane , according to airline officials . The airline pulled the plane from service and called in the FBI . It 's unclear whether the hole appeared before or during that flight or while the airliner was on the ground in Charlotte , but investigators and the airline were operating under the assumption that it happened in flight , Thorenson said . The airline called in the FBI , which Thorenson said has jurisdiction over anything that happens to a commercial passenger airliner in flight . The airline is also investigating , Wunder said . The airplane remained idle Tuesday , she said . The plane -- a 737-400 designated as flight 1161 from Philadelphia -- had landed without incident at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport at about 4 p.m. . The plane holds 144 passengers , according to the US Airways website . It was not immediately clear how many people were aboard that flight , but all of the passengers were accommodated on other flights , a US Airways spokeswoman said . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Airline : "  We 're not speculating " on what caused the hole A pilot discovered a small hole in the exterior of the aircraft An FBI spokeswoman says the hole is bullet-sized , but not necessarily from a gun The plane flew from Philadelphia and landed at Charlotte without incident
CNN  -- The website WikiLeaks has begun releasing what it says are 5 million e-mails from the private intelligence company Stratfor , starting with a company "  glossary " that features unflattering descriptions of U.S. government agencies . In a statement released early Monday in Europe  Sunday evening ET  , the website promises a raft of juicy disclosures about Stratfor , a Texas-based firm that promotes itself to corporate and government clients as a source of intelligence on international affairs . The company has been targeted by hackers who have released private data about subscribers in recent months , prompting the company to offer its clients a year of paid identity-protection coverage . There was no immediate comment on the disclosures from Stratfor , and the authenticity of the documents could not be independently confirmed Sunday night . WikiLeaks , a website that facilitates the leaking of confidential information , says the documents will be released through a network of more than 25 news outlets and activist groups in the coming weeks . The first document out was titled "  The Stratfor Glossary of Useful , Baffling and Strange Intelligence Terms , " featuring brief and sometimes humorous definitions and blunt assessments of U.S. intelligence and law enforcement . Others focused on speculation about the health of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and who was behind a suspected campaign of sabotage against Iran 's nuclear program . WikiLeaks has previously published hundreds of thousands of U.S. military and State Department documents , including field reports from the Iraq and Afghanistan and embassy cables that feature the candid assessments of U.S. diplomats . A U.S. soldier , Pfc. Bradley Manning , faces a court-martial on charges that he leaked the documents to the website . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , meanwhile , is in Britain battling an extradition request from prosecutors in Sweden who want to question him about unrelated accusations of sexual assault . Assange has not been charged with a crime and denies wrongdoing .	WikiLeaks begins releasing what it says is a cache of documents from Stratfor The private intelligence company has been targeted by hackers in recent months The authenticity of the documents could not be immediately confirmed
EW.com  -- It 's official : Emma Stone will make her Broadway debut in the current Roundabout Theatre Company revival of "  Cabaret . " The 25-year-old will replace Oscar nominee Michelle Williams , who made her debut in the role of showgirl Sally Bowles when the revival opened at Studio 54 in April . Stone will take over as Sally beginning Nov. 11  Williams exits Nov. 9  and will play the role until Feb. 1 , 2015 . EW : Full coverage of Broadway Alan CummingÃ¢ $ " who won a Tony Award for his portrayal of the show 's Emcee in the 1998 Broadway production , which serves as the basis of this revivalÃ¢ $ " will extend his run through March 29 , 2015 , thus confirming that yet another actress may get to tread the Cabaret boards before the show 's run is through . EW : Emma Stone in talks to replace Michelle Williams in Broadway 's ` Cabaret ' Stone was linked to the show in 2013 during Roundabout 's initial announcement , but film scheduling conflicts forced her to back out . Last week , word broke that she had entered negotiations to join the show when Williams vacates the iconic role . Unrelated but completely related , Stone 's beau Andrew Garfield made his Broadway debut in 2012 's "  Death of a Salesman . " Again , unrelated ... but completely related . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Â© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stone will replace Michelle Williams Alan Cumming is extending his run Stone 's boyfriend , Andrew Garfield , starred in "  Death of a Salesman "
CNN  -- When Bill Clinton takes the podium at the Democratic National Convention Wednesday evening his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , will be half a world away -- literally -- meeting with the leaders of the tiny nation of East Timor . Hillary Clinton , who has n't missed a Democratic convention in four decades , is on an 11-day swing through the Asia-Pacific region , visiting a number of counties , including China and Indonesia , and standing in for President Barack Obama at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum later this week in Russia . Obama bowed out because of the election campaign . Some Clinton-watchers see an ulterior motive , concluding that the secretary , who waged a hard-fought campaign against Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination in 2008 , still bears a grudge . Obama and Bill : A solid relationship ? But the two have worked closely since then and , what 's more , there 's a less adversarial explanation for her absence from the convention : legally , she ca n't be there . Federal law -- the Hatch Act of 1939 , amended by Congress in 1993 -- specifically prohibits secretaries of state from attending political conventions , and the State Department 's own ethics guidelines also rule out political activity . A senior administration official , speaking on background because the official is not authorized to speak on the record , told CNN , "  The law carved out the State Department as having a unique position in the government in that foreign policy , by its nature , must remain nonpartisan/apolitical . " See tonight 's DNC Schedule "  So State Department officials -- specifically those who are presidential appointees confirmed by the Senate  i.e. the secretary  -- are far more restricted than , say , someone who works at the Education Department . " When Condoleezza Rice was President George W. Bush 's Secretary of State , she did not attend the Republican National Convention . Now that she 's a private citizen , however , she did take part in last week 's RNC , delivering a speech on foreign policy . Will Hillary Clinton try to tune in from East Timor to watch her husband 's speech ? Her staff is n't saying . But if her usual travel schedule applies -- every minute jam-packed with meetings , briefings and news conferences -- she may wait until she gets back home to hear from Bill Clinton directly how it went . CNN Fact Check : About those 4.5 million jobs ... Are you better off now than you were four years ago ? Five things to watch at DNC tonight	Hillary Clinton will be in East Timor when Bill Clinton speaks at the Democratic convention Some Clinton-watchers see an ulterior motive in Hillary Clinton 's absence She and Barack Obama fought for the Democratic nomination four years ago But there 's a less adversarial reason -- by law , the secretary of state ca n't be there
Somalia warned telecommunications companies Saturday not to comply with an Islamist terror group 's order to shut down the Internet nationwide . Al-Shabaab , the rebel group behind years of chaos and violence in the nation , banned the use of the Internet this week . It gave Internet providers 15 days to comply or face attacks . But the interior ministry urged companies to disregard the threat . "  The Somali government strongly condemns such acts which show continued brutality and terrorist tactics of intimidation by trying to ban Somalis from using the Internet , " minister Abdikarim Hussein Guled said in a statement . "  Our constitution guarantees freedom of expression and every citizen has the right to access information without fear . " Main telecommunication companies Hormund and Telsom were not immediately available for comment . "  Al-Shabaab has lost control of the major cities of Somalia and are now trying to terrorize people and stop them using the Internet , " the minister said . "  We will not allow our citizens to be deprived of Internet access and smartphones . " The terror group is notorious for prohibiting recreational activities , and has banned films , dancing and watching soccer in the past . It had also barred foreign aid organizations from southern Somalia , describing them as Western spies and Christian crusaders . Al-Shabaab regularly uses the Internet . It has a major presence on social media , and posted the threat on its Facebook page . The radical Islamist group , which controls parts of Somalia , has said it aims to turn the country into a fundamentalist Islamist state .	Al-Shabaab gives telecom companies 15 days to shut down the Internet or face attacks The terror group regularly uses the Internet , and has a major presence on social media "  We will not allow our citizens to be deprived of Internet access , " interior minister says
Beijing , China  CNN  The son of kung fu movie star Jackie Chan was convicted on a drug charge and sentenced to six months in prison in a Beijing court on Friday . Jaycee Chan , who pleaded guilty to "  hosting others to take drugs , " was also fined 2,000 yuan  $ 320  , announced the Dongcheng District People 's Court . Wearing a black sweatshirt and blue pants , the 32-year-old Chan -- who is an actor like his father -- bowed to the judge and prosecutor after the 90-minute trial . "  I committed a crime and deserve to be punished , " the court 's official microblog quoted him as saying . "  It does n't mean I have received mercy and forgiveness -- I hope to earn them with my future actions . " Reminding him to "  return to the right path " and "  establish a healthy public image , " the prosecutor cited Chan 's cooperation with police as a basis for leniency , according to the court . The Hong Kong native was arrested in Beijing last summer along with a Taiwanese actor , amid a government crackdown on celebrity drug offenders . After both men tested positive for marijuana , police found more than 100 grams of the drug after searching Chan 's apartment . Although he did not attend the trial , Jackie Chan -- who has starred in Hollywood blockbusters like "  Rush Hour " and was named an anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009 -- had expressed anger and disappointment in his son in media interviews . "  I failed to discipline him -- now the state is helping me discipline him and make him get rid all the bad habits , " the elder Chan , 60 , told the state-run Xinhua news agency last month , while denying his son had received special treatment in jail . The younger Chan 's case has put a spotlight on the Chinese capital 's intensifying anti-drugs campaign . By mid-November , the authorities had detained almost 10,000 people for using drugs , nearly double the previous year 's figure . Announcing the numbers , a top anti-narcotics official in Beijing emphasized the government 's "  zero-tolerance " stance on celebrity offenders due to the impact of their behavior on the youth . Last August , dozens of management agencies representing actors and singers signed an agreement with Beijing authorities , banning drug use from the entertainment industry and pledging to fire any artists who break the law . CNN 's Vivian Kam contributed to this report from Hong Kong .	Son of Jackie Chan convicted on drug charge in China Jaycee Chan tested positive for marijuana in August His father was named anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council on Sunday condemned the weekend massacre of more than 100 civilians in Syria , with members casting blame on government forces for the deaths , while violence continued to rage on the ground . U.N. military observers said the toll from the Friday assault on the village of Houla included dozens of women and children . After consultations Sunday afternoon , Security Council members condemned "  attacks that involved a series of government artillery and tank shellings on a residential neighborhood , " as well as the killings of civilians by close-range gunshots and "  severe physical abuse . " "  Such outrageous use of force against the civilian population constitutes a violation of applicable international law and of the commitments of the Syrian government under United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2042 and 2043 to cease violence in all its forms , including the cessation of use of heavy weapons in population centers , " said Azerbaijan 's Deputy Ambassador Tofig Musayev , who presided over the meeting . The members demanded that Syrian troops immediately pull its troops and heavy weapons back from cities in accordance with an April cease-fire . Read Ban Ki-moon 's letter to the Security Council Bashar Jaafari , Syria 's U.N. ambassador , told reporters the statement was n't blaming his government for all the killings , since the statement left the cause of most deaths ambiguous . He said most of the deaths were caused by gunfire , and the council statement did not specifically assign blame for those fatalities . And Russia , a longtime ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , believes "  it still remains unclear what happened and what triggered what , " as Russian charge d'affaires Alexander Pankin put it . But German Ambassador Peter Wettig said there was "  clear evidence " connecting the government to the deaths . "  The evidence is not murky , and there is a clear footprint of the government in this massacre , " Wettig said . And Martin Brines , the French deputy ambassador , said a briefing by the head of the U.N. observer mission in Syria "  clearly shows the responsibility of the Syrian government in failing to protect its civilians as well , as attacking them directly . " U.N. observers in Syria said the toll from the Houla massacre had risen to 108 on Sunday , including 34 women and 49 children under the age of 10 , said Sausan Ghosheh , the observer mission 's spokeswoman . Horrific images of the bodies in Houla spread across the internet , fueling fresh protests by Syrian opposition groups in several cities . Videos posted Sunday on YouTube show demonstrations in cities around the country , including Damascus , Daraa , Idlib , and the suburbs of Hama . "  Oh Houla , we are with you until death , " protesters chanted in Daraa . And a demonstration in Idlib showed a U.N. vehicle among protesters . In the Hama suburbs , demonstrators called for President Bashar al-Assad to step down . But the 14-month-old clampdown continued , with opposition activists reporting another 51 people -- including 11 children and four women -- killed across the country on Sunday . Twenty-five of those deaths took place in Hama , where heavy shelling was reported , they said . Opposition activists said killings began with a mortar bombardment following Friday prayers , followed by a rampage by government-allied militias . Video posted over the weekend showed opposition activists displaying the bloodied remains of more than 10 children , including some with limbs blown off or skulls torn open . In another , medics treated a crying infant whose chest was covered in bandages . Syria has denied its troops were behind the bloodbath in Houla , and Jafaari denounced what he called a "  tsunami of lies " against his government . He called the deaths "  an appalling , horrific unjustified and unjustifiable crime " and vowed Syria 's government had launched a national commission to investigate them . "  Whoever committed these crimes will be held accountable by the Syrian authorities , by the Syrian government 's law , " he said . In state-run media , the Syrian regime said "  al Qaeda-linked terrorist groups committed two horrible massacres against a number of families in the towns of al-Shumariyeh and Taldo in the countryside of Homs province . " The state report also showed gruesome images of children spattered with blood . CNN can not independently confirm details from Syria nor the authenticity of videos , however , as the Syrian government strictly limits access by foreign journalists . But Alex Thomson , a reporter for Britain 's ITV television network who was in Houla , said its residents appeared to be voting with their feet . "  There are lots of civilians in the rebel-held areas . They are not apparently frightened of the fighters . They are speaking openly to the United Nations , " Thomson told CNN . "  In the areas of the town held by the army , there is nobody -- it 's a ghost town . " U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay called for the situation in Syria to be referred to the International Criminal Court . "  There should be an immediate and unfettered investigation of the incident by an independent and impartial international body , " she said . "  The Syrian government has a legal and moral responsibility to fully assist such an investigation , and to take concrete steps to prevent any similar acts . " The New York-based Human Rights Watch similarly demanded an investigation and echoed the call for the U.N. Security Council to refer Syria to the ICC . Citing survivors to the violence in Houla , the group reported that armed men dressed in military clothes attacked homes and executed families , though witnesses did not know whether the men were members of the army or a pro-government militia . The group recounted the experience of a 10-year-old boy , who saw his 13-year-old friend shot . The Syrian crisis began in March 2011 , when peaceful demonstrations modeled on the "  Arab Spring " uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt sprang up across Syria . Al-Assad 's government responded by turning police and troops on demonstrators -- but the protests spread across the country , with defecting soldiers taking up up arms on behalf of the opposition . A cease-fire agreement , brokered by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan 's office , has been in place since April 12 as part of a six-point peace plan . But Col. Qasim Saad Eddine , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army , said Saturday that it was "  no longer possible to abide by the peace plan " after the Houla killings . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people , mostly civilians , have died and tens of thousands have been uprooted since the uprising began in March 2011 . Opposition groups report a death toll of more than 11,000 people . Sunday 's Security Council session came a day ahead of a scheduled meeting between Syrian officials and Annan , the joint U.N.-Arab League special envoy on the crisis . Meanwhile , British Foreign Secretary William Hague was headed to Moscow for talks in hopes of putting Russian pressure on al-Assad . "  We have had many differences of view with Russia at the Security Council , but Russia does support the Annan plan , " Hague said in a statement from his office . "  And so I hope Russia will redouble its efforts to get the Assad regime to implement that plan . It 's not in the interests of Russia , just as it 's not in the interests of anybody in the world , for Syria to descend in to an even bloodier situation and into full scale civil war and that is now the danger . " A U.N. report issued Friday said Syrian forces are still using heavy weapons in many areas despite the April cease-fire , and "  The overall level of violence in the country remains quite high " despite the presence of U.N. monitors . Monitors have heard the sound of shelling in cities and towns and seen the aftereffects , their report states , while Syrian authorities say they were coming under fire from rebel troops . Meanwhile , opposition groups effectively control "  significant parts of some cities " the monitors state . But the government 's stepped-up security crackdown "  has led to massive violations of human rights " by Syrian troops and pro-government militias , the report states . The United States joined the condemnation of the Sunday afternoon . National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said the United States was horrifed by "  credible reports " of the massacre , "  including stabbing and ax attacks on women and children . " "  These acts serve as a vile testament to an illegitimate regime that responds to peaceful political protest with unspeakable and inhuman brutality , " Vietor said in a written statement .	More than 50 people are killed throughout Syria on Sunday , opposition activists say Security Council singles out "  government artillery and tank shelling " in massacre "  Severe physical abuse , " gunfire also blamed Syria says the statement leaves blame ambiguous , promises to investigate
Bangkok  CNN  -- The woman set to become Thailand 's first female prime minister , Yingluck Shinawatra , said Monday that authorities will reopen an investigation into her brother , former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was convicted of corruption after being forced from office . Yingluck Shinawatra 's Pheu Thai party dominated the country 's general election on Sunday , winning 265 seats in the 500-member parliament . It was a major victory for the party once headed by her brother , who was exiled after a military coup threw him from power in 2006 . He left the country two years later , after he was convicted of conflict of interest charges . He was sentenced in absentia to two years ' imprisonment . In her first one-on-one interview with an international media organization after all the votes had been counted , Shinawatra told CNN 's Sara Sidner she would not encourage her brother , who lives in Dubai , to return to Thailand to serve his sentence . She said she did not know whether her brother was wrongly convicted but that a truth and reconciliation commission plans to review the case against him and several others . Thaksin Shinawatra , meanwhile , spoke Monday about his sister 's status as the country 's next prime minister . "  I 'm proud of her and I trust her , " he told reporters in the United Arab Emirates . When asked whether he expects his sister to clear the way for his return , the former prime minister said , "  Going back home is not a major concern . It 's not a top priority . The priority is to bring back reconciliation . " Many hope that Sunday 's general election -- the first since 2007 -- will bring an end to years of unrest between two political factions that climaxed last year with deadly protests . Yingluck won : What 's next for Thailand ? Tensions between the Democratic Party and the Pheu Thai party , which reflect deep divisions within Thai society , erupted in 2010 , with protests against Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva 's government leading to a military crackdown . More than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . After the riots , the Thai government pledged to work toward a process of national reconciliation to heal class and political divisions , though the divide between the two groups remains wide . The other coalition parties include Chart Thai Pattana , Chart Pattana Puea Pandin , Palang Chon and Mahachon . "  Now we have a good number of 299 representatives , " Yingluck Shinawatra said . "  It is enough to have stability to serve  the  Thai people . " Thailand 's Democratic Party won 159 of the seats , the country 's electoral commission said Monday , though the final , official results have not been released . Abhisit , the prime minister , announced he is stepping down as the head of the Democratic Party after its loss at the polls . "  When compared with the result of  the  election in 2007 with this year 's election , we have less MPs , " Abhisit said via the Thai news agency MCOT . "  I think that I need to take this responsibility , so today I decided to resign from the leader position of the  Democratic  party , and I will let the party choose a new leader in 90 days . " Yingluck Shinawatra said Monday that reconciliation is "  the urgent task ahead . " She has also vowed that her first priority would be to "  help people on their economic situation . " Can election promises be kept in Thailand ? Thai stocks jumped more than 3 % , or 33 points , at opening on Monday . The election had more than a 70 % turnout rate , the country 's election commission said . "  We congratulate the people of the Kingdom of Thailand , our long-time friend and ally , for their robust participation in the July 3rd parliamentary elections , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement . Thaksin remains one of Thailand 's most polarizing political figures . Even from afar , he has been a topic of discussion during the election and its aftermath . He still denies the accusations that led to his 2008 corruption conviction . Yingluck Shinawatra 's critics worry she will simply do her brother 's bidding -- something she has denied . Before she even gave a victory speech , her brother shared his comments from exile in Dubai . "  Well , I would tell them that I really want to go back , but I will wait for the right moment and the right situation , " he told reporters . But on Monday , Thaksin Shinawatra said his return would be contingent on reconciliation . "  If I were to go back , I should be part of the solution , " he told reporters . "  I should not be part of the problems . " He stressed that he is no longer head of the party ; his sister is . The Pheu Thai party remains fiercely behind the former prime minister and wants him to return . But the so-called "  Yellow Shirts , " a group that formed to oust him from power , has said it will do whatever it can to stop that from happening . Yingluck Shinawatra said she wo n't give her brother favorable treatment . "  I ca n't do anything special for my brother , " she said , adding she will follow the "  rule of law . " Thaksin said the incoming prime minister 's relative lack of political experience might help with reconciliation efforts . Sometimes , he said , "  you need  a  clean slate . If you were to have the people with a lot of political baggage come to reconciliation , it may be difficult . " But many Thai voters were more concerned with economic issues , wanting their leaders to shrink the gap between what they earn and the skyrocketing cost of living . "  Free education is good , care for  the  elderly is also good . In fact every parties ' policies are all good , the question is if they would ever implement them , " Banorn Achriyawatkul said as she worked outside a polling station . After being laid off from her job as a secretary , the mother of four is now trying to make ends meet as a food vendor in the streets . Despite the animosity between them , the two major parties have made very similar promises to the people : a better economy , free education , and a major increase in the minimum wage -- exactly what many voters wanted to hear . But analysts say the extravagant programs will cost more than Thailand can afford . Supong Limtanakool of Bangkok University 's Center for Strategic Studies said both parties made big promises they just ca n't keep . He said Thailand will "  have to spend somewhere between an additional 1.5 trillion baht to 7.5 trillion baht  $ 49 billion to $ 244 billion  with all the extravagant programs , which is five times the national budget . ... I mean , we 'll be broke in one year , " he said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Leone Lakhani and Benjamin Gottlieb contributed to this report .	Incoming prime minister says case against her brother will be reviewed She says she will not encourage her brother to return to Thailand to serve time Former Prime Minister Thaksin : "  I should not be part of the problems " Yingluck Shinawatra 's party won at least 265 seats in the 500-seat parliament
CNN  -- As Michael Dunn , charged with murder in the killing of an unarmed black teenager , took the stand on Tuesday in his own defense , once again the nation focused on Florida , gun violence , and the evolution of self-defense . His testimony crystallized important points in this case . Dunn is not Zimmerman : We have to stop drawing comparisons between the Dunn case and that of George Zimmerman , accused of killing unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin . About the only thing in common between the two cases is that a human being lost his life , and another human being is the defendant . Oh , and John Guy , the prosecutor , who has had the roulette wheel of high-profile cases pick out his number twice in two years : He has been involved in both cases . But even then , the cases are nothing alike . Zimmerman 's was a strong self-defense case . Dunn 's is a comparatively weak self-defense case . Zimmerman fired one shot and waited around for the police . Dunn squeezed off 10 rounds -- then took off and got a pizza . The differences are so great that they should not be compared . Dunn is more significant for the self-defense issues raised in the case . Should Dunn have taken the stand ? Many were surprised when Dunn took the stand in his defense -- conventional wisdom among defense attorneys is that defendants should not . After all , when was the last time a high-profile defendant did that ? George Zimmerman certainly did not . The rules of evidence and testimony are a one-sided affair , in which the cross-examining prosecutor has all the advantages . If the prosecution can not meet its burden , or the defense can make its case without the defendant 's testimony , then there is often little to gain and much to risk in putting a defendant on the stand . Dunn 's problem is that the prosecution has met its burden , and the defense can not make its case without his testimony . In the Zimmerman case , the defense was able to establish the defendant 's reasonable apprehension of imminent serious bodily harm through photos of his wounds . Sure , Zimmerman could have taken the stand to say "  I was scared , " but the defense team made a risk analysis : If they already established objective evidence of his fear , they could avoid the massive risk of his being torn apart on the stand . In the Dunn case , there is very little objective evidence of an aggressor placing Dunn in fear of his life , so he had to tell the jury how afraid he was . Dunn 's testimony , then , will largely determine whether these jurors find him guilty or not guilty . So what did we learn from his testimony ? Opinion : Florida shooter saw black , thought ` threat ' Preparation helps : Dunn 's attorneys did a good job preparing him for his testimony . If Dunn did a bad job of hiding his preparation , a jury might see through that , but that 's on Dunn -- not his lawyers . Notice how Dunn crowbarred the words "  death " and "  imminent " into his direct testimony . Remember , the jury instructions at the end of the case will have those words in them . The defense hopes the jury will make a connection with the judge 's authoritative instruction on the law , and the defendant 's own words about his state of mind , as in : "  Hey , the judge said he must have fear of ` imminent ' harm , and he said the word ` imminent , ' so he had the reasonable fear ! " Injecting these words also allows his attorneys to argue those facts in closing argument . Of course , merely stating a fear of imminent death does not make it a reasonable fear of imminent death , but words alone can have a subconscious effect . Flight as consciousness of guilt : "  The wicked man fleeth , when no man pursueth . " Proverbs 28 . Dunn left the scene of this crime , and it will be critical to determine why . Flight to avoid prosecution may be considered "  consciousness of guilt " : evidence of guilt the jury may consider along with other evidence in the case . Of course , if he left for another reason , like fear for his life , then the flight is not as damaging . As with many things , we can not look into Dunn 's mind , so we have to evaluate circumstantial evidence , and now his own testimony . Dunn testified about being afraid of vengeance by "  local gangsters . " That 's good strategy by his lawyers , to establish an ongoing fear that explains his fleeing the scene . However , the jury may have heard that instead as him stating his belief that trash-talking men of color are usually gangsters . Dunn may have missed the mark on this point , though his purpose was clear . Also damaging was his weak answer to the critical question : Why did n't you go to the police right away ? His answer ? "  I did n't think I did anything wrong . " Sir , you just shot up a Quik-E-Mart parking lot like the O.K. Corral . You may not think you did anything wrong , but do n't you think the police might at least want to fill out some paperwork ? Perhaps ask you a few questions ? Strangely , Dunn 's flight -- something he did after the killing -- may be the most damaging piece of evidence against him . The car filled with bullet holes : Dunn blasted 10 shots into the car . That 's a problem for him . The jury is very likely to conclude that firing multiple shots is evidence of intent to kill or is a sign of excessive force . This is why Dunn 's testimony needed to put the jury in the heat of the moment , to show them how fast shots are fired ; how close the aggressor was ; that an aggressor can keep approaching after one shot ; and how long it takes in a deadly situation to realize that the threat is over . The defense needs to convince the jury that even after Dunn shot 10 times , really only a couple of seconds had elapsed and he still believed there was a real threat . Consider how different the case would sound to you if Dunn testified that he fired 10 shots over the wide span of a minute -- which he did not . What a contrast . A minute would make Dunn look like a cool , detached serial killer , who took his time executing unarmed victims . The number of shots is tied directly to the time it took to squeeze them off , which in turn is tied directly to the urgency of Dunn 's actions . Dunn needed to score some major points here and bring the jury into the crisis and the moment with him . The verdict will show if he was successful . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : Michael Dunn 's testimony highlights important legal points in his murder case Cevallos : Dunn is not George Zimmerman ; his self-defense case is comparatively weak He says Dunn had to prove he had a reasonable fear of being seriously harmed Cevallos : Also , he had to explain why he fled , why he shot 10 rounds into the teens ' car
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republicans will block Democrats from taking up a White House-backed bill to cap rates on some student loans unless Democrats allow a vote on a GOP alternative , the second-ranking Senate Republican said Monday . Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl predicted such a confrontation could lead to an ultimate compromise on the legislation before rates are set to double in July , something lawmakers from both parties and the White House want to prevent . "  We 'll defeat cloture , " Kyl said , using the legislative parlance for a key procedural vote scheduled for Tuesday that requires 60 votes to succeed . If Republicans prove Democrats ca n't move a bill without GOP support , "  I presume leaders in the House and Senate will get together and find a way to ensure the interest rate does n't double , " Kyl said . An aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said negotiations over the issue are still under way . Interest rates on federal student loans are scheduled to double from the current 3.4 % in July unless Congress acts . But Democrats and Republicans disagree over how to offset the $ 6 billion it would cost to keep the rates down : Democrats want to eliminate a tax break for some corporations while Republicans want to pull funds from a preventative health care fund set up under the health reform law . Each spending plan is opposed by the other party . President Barack Obama has led a high profile , multi-pronged lobbying push to pressure Republicans to support the Democrats ' bill . Kyl said Republicans are "  really disappointed " Reid has not agreed to hold a vote on the Republican funding alternative .	Kyl says Republicans want a Senate vote on their plan Federal student loan rates are scheduled to double July 1 Democrats and Republicans are divided on how to fund an extension of the lower rate
CNN  -- There was so much -- so ! much ! -- to love about Sunday night 's Golden Globe awards . To begin with , Amy Poehler finally won something  much to her astonishment  , and she did it while killing her hosting job with Tina Fey . Over on our Golden Globes live blog , we asked those watching with us how Fey and Poehler were doing , and 81 % voted they were doing A-OK , with roughly half that saying the duo were even better than last year . That 's great news for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , since they 've already booked Fey and Poehler for a third round of Globes . The comedic team were just as sharp as they were last year , although we 're curious who you think had the best one-liners . These were some of our favorite jokes of the night : Tina Fey , introducing "  Gravity " during the opening monologue : " ` Gravity ' is nominated for best film . It 's the story of how George Clooney would rather float away into space and die than spend one more minute with a woman his own age . " Amy Poehler , calling out Netflix for breaking through with its original shows : "  Enjoy it while it lasts , Netflix . You 're not going to be feeling so smug in a couple of years when SnapChat is up here accepting best drama . " Tina Fey , on Meryl Streep : "  She 's  so brilliant in ` August : Osage County , ' proving that there are still great roles in Hollywood for Meryl Streeps over 60 . " Amy Poehler introducing one of Showtime 's new hit shows : " ` Masters of Sex , ' which is the degree I got from Boston College . " When Tina and Amy accused Julia Louis-Dreyfus of becoming a diva : "  Interestingly , Julia has chosen to sit in the film section tonight . Hi , Julia . Hi , Julia ... you know us from TV . " Amy Poehler as Tina Fey 's "  adult son from a previous relationship "  who sadly did n't know his dad  : Amy Poehler 's heartwarming acceptance speech : Tina Fey , introducing Leonardo DiCaprio : "  Like a supermodel 's vagina , let 's all give a warm welcome to Leonardo DiCaprio . " Those were some of the jokes that caused us to laugh the hardest . What about you ?	Tina Fey and Amy Poehler hosted Sunday 's Golden Globes It was their second time leading the awards ceremony The majority of CNN readers approved of their performance Some of their best jokes were about the night 's big stars
CNN  -- The Syrian vice president arrived Friday in Moscow to talk with Russia 's foreign minister about the unrest that has roiled Syria for months , a Russian state news agency reported . Vice President Farouk al-Sharaa was to meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov "  to discuss ways for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in his country , " the Itar-Tass news agency reported . His visit came on the same day that at least 23 people , including four children , were killed across Syria , according to the Local Coordinating Committees , a network of opposition activists that organizes and documents demonstrations . The dead also included four women , the group said . Ten died in Homs , four in Daraa , five in Hama , two in the Damascus suburbs and one each in Idleb and Deir Ezzour , it said . But the official Syrian Arab News Agency said its correspondents had quoted official sources as saying that no casualties had occurred during the day , "  although armed terrorist groups attacked law-enforcement members in some areas . " Are you in Syria ? Share your experiences if you can safely Russia has opposed sanctions on Syria on the grounds that such actions rarely yield results . Russia has also opposed calls for foreign intervention in Syria and has urged that country to accept international monitors . The United Nations says 5,000 people have been killed in months of unrest in Syria , where pro-democracy activists are calling for an end to the rule of President Bashar al-Assad . The Syrian government 's repression of unrest has triggered criticism from Western nations as well as from the Arab League , which expelled Syria last month and has been pushing to send monitors into Syria . At the United Nations , Russia introduced a draft resolution this week that , it says , "  considerably strengthens " previous drafts "  with regard to the interest in violence , with regard to the need to uphold human rights , with regard to expediting reforms . " The resolution "  strongly condemns " violence "  coming from all parties , including disproportionate use of force by Syrian authorities . " It also would "  give a strong message to the Arab League that we encourage them to continue their efforts , and working together with the government of Syria , and to carry out its plans to deploy the monitoring mission in Syria , " Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said Thursday at the United Nations . The draft does not include sanctions or an arms embargo . Germany 's U.N. ambassador , Peter Wittig , described the Russian draft resolution as "  insufficient " but said it could be improved .	NEW : 23 people have been killed in Syria on Friday , activists say NEW : State-run SANA says no casualties occurred The Syrian vice president goes to Moscow for talks Russia has opposed sanctions on Syria , and has proposed a new U.N. resolution
CNN  -- Across the seas and oceans of Asia , islands and the waters around them are frequently a source of dispute and even military confrontation . Japan and Russia squabble over Hokkaido ; Japan and China claim sovereignty over islands in the South China Sea  Senkaku to the Japanese ; Diaoyu to China  . Several nations lay claim to the Spratley Islands . But the coastline of the Yellow Sea -- where North and South Korea meet -- is the most explosive of all . The Demilitarized Zone between the two Koreas has long been settled in the permafrost of a diplomatic cold war . Down to the last inch , the two sides know their limits . That 's not so at sea , where the North and South have long disagreed on whose waters end where -- especially in the Yellow  or West  Sea , which is dotted with islands . The South Korean warship Cheonan was torpedoed in March in this disputed area , leaving 46 sailors dead . The island of Yeonpyeong , the target of a North Korean artillery barrage this week that killed four people , is in the same area . And upcoming exercises involving the U.S. and South Korean navies will take place in this part of the Yellow Sea . At the heart of the dispute is what 's called the Northern Limit Line . In 1953 , after the Korean War , the United Nations unilaterally drew this line three nautical miles from the North Korean coastline . That put five islands close to the coast under South Korean control . It also hemmed in the port of Haeju , the only deepwater harbor in the North that does n't freeze in winter . What was supposed to be a temporary arrangement has become permanent in the absence of a full peace agreement . The Northern Limit Line is still in place today -- running close to the North Korean shoreline for about 100 miles . Pyongyang has never been happy about the arrangement , but only in the 1970s did it begin to challenge it . North Korea has subsequently proposed a different line -- one that would roughly extend the DMZ southwest out into the Yellow Sea , rather than hug the North Korean shoreline . A few years ago , in typically colorful language , the North labeled the NLL "  an illegal and brigandish line drawn by the U.S. on our sacred territorial waters . " But the South has always resisted Pyongyang 's alternative line -- as it would have brought North Korea 's maritime boundary closer to its main port of Incheon . Now add the fact that these waters are important fishing and crab grounds . For North Korean fishermen especially , the blue crab season between June and September is an important source of income . Ironically , those crabs have a habit of migrating south during these months . So these waters are frequently crowded with boats from both countries -- as well as vessels from China , just to complicate the picture . Disputes over fishing rights have resulted in dozens of boat seizures . According to the South Korean Maritime Police , the North seized 36 boats in the Yellow Sea in the 1990s . More recently , the coastal waters have seen armed clashes . The most serious of them were in 1999 and 2002 , which led to loss of life . The North Koreans may not wish to risk a full-scale naval engagement -- its warships came off much worse in the 1999 skirmishes and the technological gap between the two fleets has only widened since . Last year , a South Korean warship fired on and reportedly damaged a North Korean vessel that was alleged to have crossed the Northern Limit Line , leading Pyongyang to condemn what it called "  a grave armed provocation . " So the coastal waters of the Yellow Sea have long been the "  theater " in which Pyongyang could most easily provoke a crisis , and most easily legitimize it . Added to which , such confrontations -- using artillery and patrol boats -- can be contained and managed . Nuclear threats tend to leave less room for maneuver . In the wake of the latest incidents , both sides appear to be hardening their positions . South Korea has strengthened its rules of engagement in the Yellow Sea . Far from reducing the marines stationed on the five islands off North Korea 's coast , as was planned , they will be reinforced . And there 's plenty of pressure in the South Korean media for a hard line , with the conservative Chosun Ilbo claiming Thursday that "  the military has been implementing reforms that weaken defense capabilities " on the islands . Few analysts expect any compromise on the Northern Limit Line in the near future , given the overall deterioration in relations and the complex negotiations that would be necessary to find an alternative to what was meant to be a temporary solution nearly 60 years ago .	Asian islands are a common source of friction between countries in the region The Northern Limit Line was drawn in 1953 North Korea wants to push the line further out to sea The dispute also involves fishing zones
CNN  In the midst of the color debate , there 's one thing the Internet does seem to agree upon . That dress is not cute . Whether folks were team white and gold or team blue and black , the common consensus across social media seemed to be that it is far from the height of fashion . Wired has attempted to explain the science behind the debate that has split us all . The battle , it says , "  is about more than just social media -- it 's about primal biology and the way human eyes and brains have evolved to see color in a sunlit world . " "  Light enters the eye through the lens -- different wavelengths corresponding to different colors , " writes Wired 's Adam Rogers . "  The light hits the retina in the back of the eye where pigments fire up neural connections to the visual cortex , the part of the brain that processes those signals into an image . " Usually this process works fine , Rogers writes , but the image of this particular dress is "  some kind of perceptual boundary . " "  What 's happening here is your visual system is looking at this thing , and you 're trying to discount the chromatic bias of the daylight axis , " Bevil Conway , a neuroscientist who studies color and vision at Wellesley College , told Wired . "  So people either discount the blue side , in which case they end up seeing white and gold , or discount the gold side , in which case they end up with blue and black . " For the record , Conway sees blue and black when he looks at the dress . According to Mashable , the frock can be purchased for $ 77 from the British site Roman Originals . Mashable also collected some of the best Amazon reviews , including one that simply read , "  This dress is why I have trust issues . "	The Internet is arguing over a dress color Some think it 's just plain ugly Wired has tried to explain reactions scientifically
CNN  -- A day after violent protests erupted in the restive city of Daraa , security forces opened fire at protesters in the coastal city of Latakia , witnesses said . Anti-government demonstrations in Latakia had started peacefully before several people were wounded in a hail of gunfire as security forces tightened their control on access to the city , witnesses said . However , presidential spokeswoman Bouthaina Shaaban told state media that an unidentified group of gunmen opened fire at citizens and security forces . Although the group allegedly entered Latakia "  breaking and burning shops , " security forces did not return fire , Shaaban told SANA , the country 's official news agency . The gunmen killed two security force officers and one demonstrator , she said , blaming the clashes on those attempting to "  meddle " in the security and stability of the country . "  The right to peaceful demonstration is guaranteed to any citizen in Syria , " Shaaban said . "  But what is happening is an attempt to ignite an internal strife in the country and to target the security and stability of the nation and the lives of its citizens . " CNN could not independently confirm the accounts as the Syrian government has yet to grant access to the country . Meanwhile , in the southern city of Daraa where dozens of people were killed in violent clashes earlier this week , hundreds of Syrians demonstrated peacefully without security forces present , a witness said . The protest also served as a funeral site for throngs of mourners to remember those who died in earlier demonstrations , the witness said . Friday was marred with reports of casualties in the southern cities of Sanamen and Daraa where government security forces allegedly opened fire on protesters . In Daraa , dozens were shot in the head and neck and hundreds more were wounded on Friday when snipers on rooftops began firing into the crowd , according to a doctor in Daraa who declined to be named for security reasons . The protesters , who were not carrying weapons , chanted , "  We need our freedom , We need democracy , " the doctor said . In the neighboring city of Sanamen , at least 20 others were killed and more than 60 people wounded Friday after government security forces began shooting at demonstrators , the doctor in Daraa told CNN . Thousands in Sanamen marched Saturday in what appeared to be a mixture of political protest and funeral procession as they sought to bury six people killed in violent clashes earlier in the week , another witness said . Women chanted , "  We will sacrifice our blood , our lives for you martyrs " as they walked , the witness said . Presidential spokeswoman Shaaban again blamed "  a group of gunmen and smugglers " who allegedly seized police weapons and began shooting . Their actions compelled security guards to fire back in defense of their post , she said . Syrian state television later broadcast the apparent confessions of foreign nationals arrested in Syria , including an Egyptian with American citizenship who worked in Syria , according to SANA . "  The Egyptian man said he was receiving e-mails from external forces asking him to send pictures and video clips from Syria , " the agency reported , noting that the man had recently vsited Israel through Jordan . By Saturday , security forces had left the city , leaving Sanamen to the Syrian military . The army has since surrounded the city and restricted access to it . Some residents are anticipating a food shortage as a result of what some describe as a blockade . But chants of "  Allah , Syria , and the Army only " seemed to indicate that at least some residents were encouraged by the army 's presence , the witness said . One soldier said "  they would shoot themselves before they would shoot  the protesters  , " the witness added . Meanwhile , international concern over the escalating violence continued . "  The situation in Syria has worsened considerably over the past week , with the use of live ammunition and tear gas by the authorities having resulted in a total of at least 37 people being killed in Daraa , including two children , " Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , said Friday . Among the dead were 15 people who tried to march to Daraa , sources said , and nine others who died when security forces fired on demonstrators in Daraa 's main square , said Wissam Tarif , a human rights activist . There were many casualties in Daraa , said Abdullah , who asked that his full name not be reported due to security concerns . "  Thousands gathered and moved to the governor 's building in Daraa , and there they burned a large picture of Bashar al-Assad , and then they toppled a statue of Hafez al-Assad in the center of the square , " Abdullah said , referring to the current president and his late father , the former president . "  After that , armed men came out from the roof of the officers ' club in front of the governor 's office and started firing at the crowd , " he said . Aman al Aswad , a political dissident , said dozens of people appeared to have been killed or wounded in clashes with security forces in the square , but he could not be precise on the totals . Earlier Friday , thousands attended an anti-government demonstration in the town , according to Kamal Aswad , a political activist in Daraa . There , people ridiculed recent government pronouncements of reforms and an assertion by government spokeswoman Shabaan that the country 's president had ordered "  no live bullets " would be used against demonstrators . One witness said the people chanted , "  Bouthaina , we do not want your bread , we want dignity ! " He said an "  overwhelming number " of protesters showed up in Daraa to support "  martyrs , " people killed in recent clashes . "  The whole of the city was out in the street to bury the dead and demand that those responsible be tried for their crimes against the people of Daraa , " the witness said . "  We broke the barrier of fear today and the security forces could not touch us . " The witness said the security forces had withdrawn from the center of the city and did n't interfere with the demonstrations , which are stoked by a range of political and economic grievances . The government announced a number of measures that apparently addressed protesters ' demands . Among them are decrees to cut taxes and raise government workers ' salaries by 1,500 Syrian pounds  $ 32.60  a month and pledges to provide more press freedoms , increased job opportunities and curbs on government corruption . The government said it will form a committee "  to contact and listen to citizens in Daraa . " It also said it would study lifting the country 's emergency law and adopting new legislation that would license political parties . Syria 's emergency law , which has been in effect since 1963 , allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . It also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . On Friday , state television showed what it said were pro-government demonstrations in Aleppo and Damascus . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said its correspondent in Daraa "  reported that the crowds in the spontaneous popular rallies chanted national slogans highly lauding President Assad 's generous decrees and decisions , pledging their loyalty to his excellency and their unity under his leadership in the face of any conspiracy against Syria . " However , video also emerged of protests in Hama , where the government violently suppressed an uprising in 1982 . And the state news agency reported that an armed gang attacked security forces in the southern city of Sanamen , which "  resulted in the deaths of several attackers . " CNN 's Saad Abedine and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	NEW : Syrian officials blame violence on armed gangs NEW : An Egyptian with U.S. citizenship who worked in Syria has been arrested , state media says Security forces fired at protestors in Latakia , leaving several wounded Syrian state media says an armed group opened fire at citizens and security forces
CNN  -- For most of the 37 years between 1963 and 2000 , Jerry Sandusky was the epitome of a Penn State man . That shining image dimmed over the weekend , when police arrested him on seven counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and other charges , including aggravated indecent assault and endangering the welfare of a child . Sandusky , 67 , allegedly engaged in fondling , oral sex and anal sex with young boys over a period of more than 10 years , according to an investigative state grand jury 's summary of testimony . He maintains he is innocent . Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno spoke for many in the community when he called the string of sexual child abuse charges against Sandusky "  shocking . " The charges put a whole new spin on the title of his autobiography , "  Touched : The Jerry Sandusky Story . " Published in 2001 , the book explores Sandusky 's career and his involvement in children 's charities . A starting defensive end for the Nittany Lions for three years , Sandusky went on to spend all but two years of his coaching career working the sidelines for Penn State , most of them as defensive coordinator . The university has called Sandusky "  largely responsible for Penn State earning the moniker ` Linebacker U , ' with 10 of his linebackers earning first-team All-America honors . " Eleven years ago , he retired to focus more attention on Second Mile , the program he had founded for troubled youth . But he still maintained ties to the university , continuing as a volunteer with the athletic department 's life skills and outreach programs . "  Football coaching has been a wonderful career because it has brought me into contact with so many exceptional young people , " Sandusky said in a statement at the time , released by the university . "  The opportunity to impact the lives of the many student-athletes who 've come through the program has been one of the great rewards for me . Penn State football is special because of the sense of family established by those associated with the program today and those players , coaches and staff who 've been part of it over the years . "  Retiring as an active coach will permit me to devote more time to The Second Mile . As the organization has grown , the demands for my hands-on involvement have increased dramatically . The staff has done a marvelous job of building the organization , which now touches more than 150,000 children annually through eight different programs . I 'm anxious to devote my full-time energies to expanding the reach and influence of The Second Mile in a day and age when more and more kids seem to be at risk . " "  I always felt that Jerry had two loves : One was obviously his ability , his wanting to help younger people in The Second Mile and being a head coach , " Paterno said in a 2008 news conference . "  He could have been a head coach a couple places , but he really he backed away because they were going to ask him to give up some things in The Second Mile . " In his book , Sandusky writes of his "  unusual life . " "  My time on this earth has always been unique , " he writes . "  At the times when I found myself searching for maturity , I usually came up with insanity . That 's the way it is in the life of Gerald Arthur Sandusky . " He writes about people who have touched his life . "  I wish , sometimes , that I could press a button to bring back the times when life was so much simpler with the kids . The times when they did n't worry about what they were missing with drugs , alcohol and sex , " he writes . "  They did n't have to worry about protection from AIDS and HIV . They enjoyed life 's simple pleasures in a naive time ; a time of make-believe . There were simple activities and worthwhile outlets . People just enjoyed each other simply as people . " A search of the text of his book on amazon.com shows no other references to "  sex , " and no references to "  abuse . " Second Mile issued a statement Monday saying , "  The newly released details in the breadth of the allegations from the Attorney General 's Office brings shock , sadness , and concern from The Second Mile Organization . Our prayers , care , and compassion go out to all impacted . " Sandusky 's attorney said Sandusky has known about the allegations for three years . "  Jerry feels like because of his background and reputation it took a long time to reach this conclusion and he 's been ready for it , " Joseph Amendola told CNN affiliate WJAC . CNN contacted Amendola and did not hear back immediately . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	Sandusky is accused of engaging in sex with young boys He maintains he is innocent His autobiography explores his career and work with kids ' charities Sandusky stepped down from coaching in 2000 to focus more on a kids ' charity
CNN  -- Only five months in office and President Hassan Rouhani of Iran secured himself a top speaking slot at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . This feat is in itself full of symbolic significance . Rouhani 's predecessor -- the bombastic Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- never during his 8-years in office made it to the prestigious gathering of world political and business leaders . The organizers of Davos , a forum intended for the exchange of ideas aimed at reaching solutions to pressing global challenges , doubtless felt Ahmadinejad 's policy approach -- "  a locomotive without brakes " to use one of his own favored analogies -- was unseemly for such a gathering . Not so with Rouhani , a man elected on the promise to reach out to the world and overhaul Iranian foreign policy . In Davos , Rouhani was handed another occasion to outline his vision and convince a still somewhat skeptical Western audience . In contrast to his predecessor , President Rouhani 's presentation in Davos was a down-to-earth one . There was no mention of Iran seeking to "  change the global management , " another favored Ahmadinejad mantra and a jab at the United States and other Western powers . Instead , Rouhani explicitly urged Washington to come to terms with the Islamic Republic as a political reality and a regional power . Do that , he seemed to say to the Americans , and we can start working together on a host of issues . And Rouhani had plenty to say along those lines , so much so that the poor interpreter was at times out of breath . He tied the issue of economic development to stability in the Middle East . He spoke of the numerous economic and trade opportunities that could bring Iran and her neighbors closer together . He singled out specific countries such as Turkey , Iraq , Russia and Pakistan but then did not mention Saudi Arabia by name . That was a glaring omission as it is hardly a secret that Iran and Saudi Arabia are engaged in proxy conflicts from Lebanon to Yemen and from Bahrain to Afghanistan . As Rouhani himself stated repeatedly during his election campaign , Tehran and Riyadh need to hit the refresh button or dig themselves into a deeper hole . The other country that Rouhani did not mention by name was Israel , another omission that was notable . Of course , the question of Israel is never far away from Rouhani 's mind . In fact , the Iranian president 's aircraft had ended up awkwardly parked next to that of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Zurich International Airport as the two leaders arrived . Professor Klaus Schwab , the founder of the World Economic Forum and Rouhani 's host , gently nudged the Iranian president to see if Tehran might find it feasible to include Israel in this new outreach to the world but Rouhani dodged the question . This showed that Rouhani , for whatever idealism he might secretly hold , is not willing or able to go down a path that would require him to to shake some of the basic tenants of the Islamic Republic such as its non-recognition of the State of Israel . At least not for now . Meanwhile , one of Rouhani 's key intents in Davos was to sell Iran to the world business community as an untapped market of nearly 80 million people . In his remarks , he mentioned that his government wants to prepare the foundations for Iran to become one of the top 10 economies in the world in the next 30 years . And in that context , his pitch to Western energy firms was blatant . In fact , Rouhani had made sure to bring along his oil minister who has in turn promised that the notoriously sheltered Iranian energy sector will by September launch new attractive projects in the oil and gas fields and open to international bidders . The skeptics will point to Rouhani 's focus on trade and economic reintegration as an indication that Tehran is only after lessening the pains of economic isolation and sanctions brought about by its nuclear program but that it has no genuine intention to transform itself politically . Rouhani 's speech had after all no new compromises to offer , including no signs that Tehran is prepared to change its support for the Assad regime in Syria . Such a reading of Rouhani ignores the political realities in Tehran where his critics are waiting for him to slip . And as a seasoned political player in the Islamic Republic , Rouhani knows he has to choose his battles carefully . Otherwise he will soon have his wings clipped by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei who has out of necessity approved of the idea of seeking a compromise with the United States but shown no sign to date that he is ready to accept any other fundamental adjustments to the Islamic Republic . This is the basic premise confronting Rouhani at home and this has to be recognized in Western capitals as they prepare wish lists for Rouhani . At the same time , a truly transforming President Rouhani should find it in himself to go back to Tehran and repeat something that the Iranian president said in Davos : that no country can live in isolation and that global inter-dependence is a fact of life . By insisting on such an open and frank debate at the highest levels of the Iranian government , Rouhani can truly help bring Iran closer to the international mainstream and reduce the number of the skeptics in the West who believe he is a gimmick put up by the Iranian regime and not a genuine agent for change . But it will invariably be a process that will include reconsideration of some the existing Iranian policies -- including the question of relations with Israel and Saudi Arabia that Rouhani dodged in Davos -- but are not going to go away . Read more : Rouhani says sanctions against Iran ` illegal ' Read more : Iran official says U.S. mischaracterizes interim agreement Read more : Rouhani says Iran 's nuclear program will continue for peaceful purposes Read more : Opinion -- Syria shows peril of Iran 's growing power The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Vatanka .	President Hassan Rouhani addressed the World Economic Forum on "  Iran in the World " Alex Vatanka says Rouhani had plenty to say about reaching out to the world and Mideast But it was notable that he avoided mentioning Israel or Saudi Arabia , he says Vatanka says Rouhani has critics at home and knows he needs to choose his battles
CNN  -- When Rupert Murdoch fired off a tweet Saturday about some "  scumbag celebrities " he did n't mean "  any particular people , " the News Corp boss later tweeted . "  I never referred to any particular people , just some ` dodgy ' self promoting celebrities , " he said , adding the words : "  Repeat apology for language . " Murdoch found himself in trouble on Twitter over the weekend for apparently referring to Welsh singer Charlotte Church , actor Hugh Grant and television presenter Jacqui Hames as "  scumbags " after they met with British Prime Minister David Cameron to discuss the potential reform of Britain 's media laws . It 's not clear whether Grant attended the meeting , but on October 9 British media reported that Church and Hames met Cameron during the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham , England . The meeting came weeks before the Leveson Inquiry is due to report its findings on the culture , practices and ethics of the British press and its relationship with the public , police and politicians . The inquiry heard from Murdoch and former British Prime Ministers , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , along with celebrities , sports stars and even the families of murder victims who claimed that their phones had been hacked by employees of the now defunct , Murdoch-owned newspaper , "  News of the World "  NOTW  . On Saturday , the media baron tweeted : The missive prompted this retort from Church : Hames , a former detective-turned TV presenter who fronted the British crime-fighting program Crimewatch , also demanded an apology , after earlier tweeting : "  I 've been called worse , but admittedly not by CEO of large multinational corp. " Both women , along with actor Hugh Grant -- who is not on Twitter -- have been vocal supporters of Hacked Off , a pressure group that 's fighting for "  a better press that is answerable to the public it is supposed to serve , " according to its website . They were among 60 signatories to an open letter on October 6 that called on Cameron to keep an open mind when considering Leveson 's recommendations on press reforms . It followed British media reports that suggested the British prime minister might be leaning towards self-regulation . Actor Grant told the BBC 's "  The Andrew Marr Show " on October 7 that campaigners had been concerned to hear "  weird rumblings " from government ministers . "  We get these odd articles in The Times saying the government ... close sources or reliable sources at No. 10 say the government has already decided not even to listen to Leveson before it 's published and to go with more , yet more self-regulation of the press , " Grant said . Cameron appeared on the same program to say he did n't want to preempt Leveson 's recommendations , but added , "  we do n't want heavy-handed state intervention . We 've got to have a free press . " Lord Justice Leveson is expected to hand down his findings in early November . Months of evidence included the high-profile grilling of Murdoch , who told the inquiry he did n't believe in journalists using phone hacking or private detectives , calling it "  a lazy way of reporters doing their job . " He painted News Corporation , which owns the Sun and the Times in London , as well as The Wall Street Journal , New York Post and Fox News , as a victim of the cover-up . "  Someone took charge of a cover-up , which we were victim to and I regret , " he said . Last year , at one of two UK parliamentary inquiries into the hacking scandal , Murdoch said his appearance was "  the most humble day of my life . " A number of former News Corp. staff have been arrested and charged with conspiracy to intercept communications including former NOTW editor Rebekah Brooks who 's scheduled to face trial next year . The phone hacking scandal erupted and drew international condemnation when it was alleged that NOTW reporters had hacked the mobile phone of Milly Dowler , a 13-year-old schoolgirl who was abducted in March 2002 and found dead six months later . During her disappearance , NOTW reporters were said to have illegally accessed the teenager 's voicemail , a move her parents said had given them "  false hope " that their daughter was alive . However , a police investigation found that "  it is not possible to state with any certainty whether Milly 's voicemails were or were not deleted . " Despite the lack of conclusive evidence in the Dowler case , dozens of other high-profile victims alleged that private information that could have only come from their mobile phones had been publicly divulged by the British press . In comments published Saturday , Grant said the soon-to-be released Leveson report would be a "  defining " moment for the British public . "  No-one wants a state-run media , but what we have had for thirty-odd years is a media-run state , " he wrote .	Media baron Rupert Murdoch tweets about "  scumbag " celebrities Later tweets that he was n't referring to "  particular people " Celebrities Charlotte Church , Jacqui Hames demand an apology Comes weeks before Leveson Inquiry report on potential reforms of British press
CNN  -- Amanda Bynes has had a rough few days -- some might say , a rough few months -- landing in jail after allegedly tossing a marijuana bong out of her 36th-floor New York apartment window . On Saturday , the 27-year-old actress took to Twitter with a simple message : "  Do n't believe any reports . " And she did n't stop there . The New York police 's story -- as related by spokesman Christopher Pisano -- is that officers were called Thursday to her abode in Manhattan 's theater district after her building manager reported the 27-year-old was smoking an "  illegal substance " in the lobby . Bynes had headed back to her apartment by the time police arrived , but she let officers in when they knocked on the door , according to Pisano . Once inside , the officers noticed a bong and other marijuana paraphernalia sitting on a coffee table , which Bynes immediately started to throw out a window . That account from police , Bynes insists , is "  all lies . " Amanda Bynes in trouble , again Her story is that she was "  sexually harassed by one of the cops the night before last " -- the same police officer who , she wrote , ended up arresting her . Bynes said she had opened her window "  for fresh air " and did n't throw out any drug paraphernalia , claiming the officer "  lied " when he claimed she did . Then , she alleged of the officer in her apartment , "  He slapped my vagina . Sexual harassment . Big deal . " Asked Saturday night about Bynes ' claim the unnamed police officer had sexually harassed her , New York police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said : "  As it would with any such allegation , regardless of its credibility or lack thereof , the NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating it . " The actress had more to add . Bynes said she was handcuffed , "  which I resisted ... then I was sent to a mental hospital . Offensive . " The evolution of Amanda Bynes "  The cop sexually harassed me , they found no pot on me or bong outside my window , " Bynes tweeted . "  That 's why the judge let me go . " Police charged her with tampering with physical evidence , reckless endangerment and criminal possession of marijuana , Pisano said . Bynes was charged with endangerment because the paraphernalia could have hit someone below . According to media reports , she appeared in court Friday and was then released until her next appearance in July . This week 's ordeal is the latest of Bynes ' run-ins with the law . She has a DUI case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run incidents against her were dismissed late last year . Earlier this month , the actress was sentenced to three years probation for driving on a suspended license . Along the way , her once squeaky-clean image -- she was a young teenager when she burst on the scene as the lead in Nickelodeon 's "  The Amanda Show " -- has taken a hit . After that program , Bynes starred alongside Jennie Garth in the sitcom "  What I Like About You . " She later scored roles in movies , including "  Hairspray " and "  Easy A. " In 2012 : Bynes facing hit-and-run charges CNN 's Jordana Ossad , Ed Payne and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Amanda Bynes was arrested Thursday after allegedly throwing a bong out her window She 's charged with tampering , reckless endangerment and possession of marijuana Bynes says "  do n't believe any reports ; " she says the arresting officer sexually harassed her Police are investigating Bynes ' sexual harassment claim , a spokesman says
Washington  CNN  Judge Jeffrey Sutton does n't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days . Sutton , who sits on the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati , penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . His opinion , issued in November , goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans . The split helped pave the way for the U.S. Supreme Court to take up a case on Tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry . And it provides important insight into the legal arguments that could be made before the court by states seeking to uphold bans at a time when the national sentiment is quickly shifting in favor of same-sex marriage . "  It 's an ideal piece of judicial craftsmanship , " said Ryan T. Anderson of the Heritage Foundation , who believes that state bans on same-sex marriage are constitutional . Sutton "  more or less takes each and every argument that the other side has made , and then one by one by one , he explains why it does n't work . " Critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight , considering the number of courts that have overturned same-sex marriage bans in the nearly two years since the Supreme Court struck down the core of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . "  Judge Sutton 's opinion stands alone , " said Jon W. Davidson , legal director of Lambda Legal , a gay rights advocacy group . Sutton , 54 , is the former state solicitor for Ohio , where he handled appeals for the state 's attorney general . He clerked for Justices Antonin Scalia and Lewis Powell -- Scalia once called Sutton "  one of the very best law clerks I ever had . " Appointed to the bench by President George W. Bush , Sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states ' rights . Here are the central arguments from his opinion that states seeking to uphold their same-sex marriage bans are expected to echo on Tuesday . It is "  dangerous and demeaning , " Sutton wrote , to the citizenry to assume that only judges "  can fairly understand " the arguments for and against same-sex marriage . "  Is n't the goal to create a culture in which a majority of citizens dignify and respect the rights of minority groups ? " he asked in the opinion joined by Judge Deborah L. Cook , also a Bush appointee . Critics such as Davidson have roundly condemned such reasoning . "  The people do n't get to decide what the Constitution safeguards , " Davidson said . "  They do n't get to vote to violate the Constitution . " Sutton pointed to the drafters and their views of the 14th Amendment . "  Nobody in this case , " he wrote , "  argues that the people who adopted the Fourteenth Amendment understood it to require the States to change the definition of marriage . " It 's an argument made to enforce the idea that there is no fundamental right to marriage for same-sex couples in the Constitution . "  From the founding of the Republic to 2003 , every state defined marriage as a relationship between a man and a woman , " he wrote , noting that the "  Fourteenth Amendment permits , though does not require , States to define marriage that way . " He said that the same-sex marriage bans rationally advance a legitimate government policy . "  By creating a status  marriage  and by subsidizing it  e.g. with tax-filing privileges and deductions  , the States created an incentive for two people who procreate together to stay together for purposes of rearing offspring . " He said that states should not be accused of "  irrationality , " but only the awareness that same-sex couples do n't have children in the same way as couples of the opposite sex . Sutton pushes back on any suggestion that those who oppose same-sex marriage have negative feelings about gay and lesbian couples . He said that ballot initiatives banning same sex-marriage were not driven by hostility but were passed by "  real people who teach our children , create our jobs , and defend our shores . " Gene Schaerr , a Washington appellate lawyer who help to defend Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage , calls Sutton 's opinion a road map for whoever might write an opinion supporting state bans . "  He 's very much willing both in the result and in his analysis to leave the issue to the people without suggesting an answer one way or another , " Schaerr said . But attached to Sutton 's opinion was a harsh dissent from a third member of the three-judge panel that heard the case in the 6th Circuit . Judge Martha Craig Daughtrey , a Bill Clinton appointee , dismissed the opinion as an "  engrossing TED talk " and a "  largely irrelevant discourse on democracy and federalism . " Daughtrey said that Sutton failed to see the plaintiffs as individuals "  suffering actual harm . " "  These plaintiffs are not political zealots trying to push reform on their fellow citizens , " she wrote , but committed same-sex couples seeking equal status . Her harshest language was for Sutton 's premise that the decision should be left to the democratic process . "  If we in the judiciary do not have the authority , and indeed the responsibility , to right fundamental wrongs left excused by a majority of the electorate , our whole intricate , constitutional system of checks and balances , as well as the oaths to which we swore , prove to be nothing but shams . "	Avalanche of appellate rulings have struck down state bans on same-sex marriage Judge Jeffrey Sutton is behind only recent appellate decision to uphold such state bans "  Judge Sutton 's opinion stands alone , " says official with gay rights advocacy group
CNN  -- With her doe eyes , razor-sharp cheek bones , flowing jet black locks and the most talked-about rump in the business , it 's no wonder she 's on the cover of arguably the world 's most prestigious fashion magazine . But in an unusual twist , the beguiling female bearing all on the front of this month 's Vogue is n't a model , actress , or musician . She 's not even human . Instead , the beautiful creature gracing the landmark Australian edition of the magazine is a six-year-old horse called Black Caviar . Not just any horse , but perhaps the greatest race horse of all time , unbeaten in a staggering 22 consecutive competitions across the globe and worth more than $ 7 million in prize money . Vogue Australia has featured Oscar-winning actresses , princesses and supermodels on its front covers , but now for the first time in the magazine 's 53-year history it will be a four-legged beauty looking out from the publication 's most important page . "  She 's beautiful . And Vogue is about celebrating the beautiful , " Vogue Australia editor , Edwina McCann , told CNN . "  What goes on Vogue 's cover can create news in itself . It was n't just that Black Caviar was on the cover of any women 's magazine . The endorsement of the Vogue brand is a very big statement . " Since demolishing the field in her first win in the 2009 Danehill Stakes , an air of mystique has followed the world champion sprinter . Her unblemished 22-win record is the second highest of all time , only trailing behind Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s . Queen Elizabeth personally congratulated the magnificent mare after her nailbiting win at the prestigious Diamond Jubilee Stakes in July . It was later revealed the thoroughbred had won the esteemed title with a leg injury -- only adding to her mythical invincibility . Unsurprisingly , horse racing-mad Australians have taken the champion thoroughbred to their hearts , with diehard Black Caviar fans even traveling to the other side of the world to cheer her on at Britain 's Royal Ascot . "  Her allegiance level is phenomenal , " Colin Madden , one of Black Caviar 's eight owners , said . "  She 's a powerful horse who just fronts up every time and people really like that consistency . " "  I do n't know if she 'll replace Phar Lap -- the gelding who dominated the Australian racing scene during the Great Depression of the 1930s -- but in the pantheon of equine greats she will stand very tall . " Vogue had wanted to "  celebrate all things Australian " for their December issue , believing Black Caviar vividly embodied the country 's unique "  fighting spirit . " "  Australians are passionate about horse racing . We 're the only country in the world that literally stops for a horse race -- the Melbourne Cup , " McCann said . "  We love a champion and Black Caviar strives to win even when the chips are down -- those principles are very dear to us . " The photo shoot took place in a secret location in the Dandenong Ranges , just outside of Melbourne . Australian photographer Benny Horne captured the thoroughbred alongside compatriot model Julia Nobis in a purpose-built outdoor studio . "  Black Caviar definitely realizes when the camera is on her . Her ears go up , she sticks her head out , it 's almost like she 's posing , " McCann said . "  She 's such a magnificent-looking animal . Her coat is this extraordinary pitch black , almost like velvet , with this handsomely structured face and that awesome rump that propels her so fast . " Black Caviar 's owners have gone to great lengths to ensure her persona is aligned with sophistication and style . Everything from her name , to her salmon-colored silks and even her own line of grooming products are modeled on classy femininity . "  Vogue is synonymous with style , glamor , celebrity and exclusivity . That a horse has appeared on the front cover says something about both horse racing and the horse itself , " Simon Chadwick , professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University , said . "  I think the sports market has now gone beyond simple endorsement , " he added . "  It 's now more a form of strategic collaboration where brands with convergent interests associate themselves with one another . " It is a momentous cover for the magazine which has largely steered cleared of controversial models . Among its more historic front pages was the September 1993 issue featuring Elaine George , the magazine 's first aboriginal model . However , "  This is definitely our most unusual cover , " said McCann . For many aspiring models , gracing the cover of Vogue would be the ultimate elevation to ` It Girl ' status . Galling then , that Black Caviar seems to have beaten them to the post yet again .	Vogue Australia features horse on front cover for first time Champion thoroughbred Black Caviar arguably greatest race horse Winning streak and beautiful physique capture nation 's imagination Photoshoot in secret location to protect horse worth almost $ 7m
