BINGHAMTON , New York  CNN  -- People who knew the suspected gunman in Friday 's shooting at an immigration services center were not surprised by his actions , the police chief in Binghamton , New York , said Saturday . Police tape cordons off the crime scene in Binghamton , New York , on Saturday . "  From the people close to him , the actions that he took were not a surprise to them , " Chief Joseph Zikuski told reporters at a noon news conference . The police chief said that "  some of this behavior on his part was n't a total shock , " but did not elaborate what , if any , previous behavior he meant . A federal law enforcement source identified the suspected gunman as Jiverly Wong . Zikuski said Wong , who was from Vietnam , was 41 and had changed his last name to Voong . "  Apparently people were making fun of him . He felt he was being degraded because of his inability to speak English , and he was upset about that , " Zikuski said . Watch police question whether teasing led to shooting rampage " Wong also was upset about recently losing a job , Zikuski said . He had been taking English language classes at the American Civic Association , the site of Friday 's shooting rampage , until dropping out the first week in March , the police chief said . Watch investigators struggle to make sense of shooting " Thirteen people were slain in the association , which helps refugees and immigrants , before Wong apparently turned the gun on himself , authorities said . Four others were wounded and are in local hospitals . They are all expected to survive , Zikuski said . Angela Leach , a representative of the American Civic Association , read a statement through tears at the news conference . View photos from the scene in Binghamton " "  Whatever drove this individual to do what he did I can not possibly fathom , " she said . "  But we will come out of our grief and sadness more resolute in our mission and more dedicated than ever to help people realize the dream of American citizenship . " Zikuski said Wong was wearing body armor , possibly indicating that he had prepared for a confrontation with police . Zikuski said the suspect was heavily armed and that the victims had "  multiple gunshot " wounds from Friday 's massacre . Watch the latest news from Binghamton " "  He must have been a coward , he decided to end his own life , " when he heard police sirens , Zikuski said . By late Saturday , police had begun the grim work of notifying the family members of the victims . Omri Yigal said one of Voong 's victims was his wife , Dolores , who was taking English classes at the center to better herself . Yigal said he had no anger for the shooter . "  My thoughts are on my wife . I do n't have time for that now , " he said . Yigal said he felt "  grief for my wife and that 's it . " "  She 's come so far , " he said haltingly , his arms crossed and his eyes to the ground . "  So much . " President Obama , speaking in Strasbourg , France , after a NATO summit , said his administration is in communication with law enforcement officials in Binghamton . "  I am heartbroken for the families who survived this tragedy and it just underscores the degree to which in each of our countries we have to guard against the kind of senseless violence that the tragedy represents , " Obama said . Authorities received a 911 phone call at 10:31 a.m. Friday from a receptionist hiding under a desk alerting them to the shooting . The receptionist , who had pretended to be dead before crawling under a desk , said she was shot in the stomach , Zikuski said . Watch Zikuski give a timeline of the shooting " " -LSB- She 's a -RSB- very brave lady , " the police chief said . Police arrived on the scene minutes after the phone call ; by that time , the shooting had stopped . The woman is among the four wounded , he said ; she is in serious condition . Before entering the building 's front door , Wong had apparently used his father 's car to barricade the building 's door , Binghamton Mayor Matthew Ryan said . Wong then entered the building front door armed with two handguns , and without saying a word , began shooting , police said . Ryan said two semi-automatic handguns -- a .45 - caliber and a 9-millimeter -- found at the center were licensed to Wong . Authorities executed a search warrant at Wong 's home in Johnson City , just outside Binghamton , where he lived with his family , Ryan said . "  They took a computer hard drive -- they took an empty long gun case , and some other bags , " he said . State police received a tip in 1999 from a confidential informant who told them Wong was planning a bank robbery , Zikuski said . The information indicated Wong had a crack or cocaine habit and owned handguns , Zikuski said , and he did not provide additional information . Binghamton , a city of about 50,000 people , is close to the Pennsylvania state line and about 140 miles northwest of New York City . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspected gunman 's action "  not a surprise " to those who knew him , police say Mayor : Suspect spoke poor English , "  felt people were looking down on him " President Obama : "  I am heartbroken for the families " Fourteen people , including gunman , died Friday in N.Y. immigration center shootings
PELLA , Iowa  CNN  -- A senior aide to Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee admitted Friday that the former Arkansas governor had "  no foreign policy credentials " after his comments reacting to the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto raised questions . During an event Friday in Pella , Iowa , Huckabee said the crisis sparked by Bhutto 's death should lead to a crackdown on illegal immigrants from Pakistan . The Huckabee official told CNN that when he said that , Huckabee was trying to turn attention away from scrutiny of his foreign policy knowledge . Huckabee 's foreign policy credentials have been under a microscope since the candidate admitted that he was unaware of an intelligence report that Iran had suspended its nuclear weapons program earlier this month . "  In light of what happened in Pakistan yesterday , it 's interesting that there are more Pakistanis who have illegally crossed the border than of any other nationality except for those immediately south of our border , " Huckabee said Friday . Americans might "  look halfway around the world and say , ` How does that affect me ? ' ... We need to understand that violence and terror is significant when it happens in Pakistan , -LSB- and -RSB- it 's more significant if it can happen in our own cities . And it happens if people can slip across our border and we have no control over them . " "  The immigration issue is not so much about people coming to pick lettuce or make beds , it 's about people who could come with a shoulder-fired missile and could do serious damage and harm to us , " Huckabee said , "  and that 's what we need to be worried about . " The Huckabee official said he told Huckabee that his reaction to the crisis in Pakistan will be the story for the next several days , and until he is "  briefed and up to speed " on Pakistan , a good place for Huckabee to draw the line is on illegal immigration . Watch a report about the ` surprising tactic ' " "  Why does Rudy Giuliani get more credentials on homeland security than you do ? You 've been a governor , " the Huckabee campaign official said he told the candidate . The campaign official admitted that Huckabee 's tough immigration talk is also aimed at helping him win male GOP voters in Iowa -- a bloc the official concedes the campaign has been losing ground with . Huckabee said 660 Pakistanis entered the country illegally last year . When asked by a reporter the source for that statistic , Huckabee appeared unsure , saying , "  Those are numbers that I got today from a briefing , and I believe they are CIA and immigration numbers . " The Huckabee campaign later said the figure came from a March 2006 report by The Denver Post . But the Border Patrol told CNN on Friday that it apprehended only "  a handful " of illegal immigrants from Pakistan in 2007 . The number of illegal immigrants from Pakistan deported or apprehended is not mentioned in the latest report from the Department of Homeland Security/Office of Immigration Statistics . In 2005 , the nation did not make the list of the top 10 sources of illegal immigrants . The previous year , Pakistan was the last country listed , but no specific numbers were given . Huckabee is the GOP front-runner in Iowa , according to most polls . A Los Angeles Times/Bloomberg poll conducted December 20-23 and 26 has Huckabee leading former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 36 percent to 28 percent among likely caucus goers . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 7 percentage points . As the campaigns enter the final stretch before the Iowa caucuses on January 3 , Romney has gone on the attack against Huckabee , particularly focusing on his record on illegal immigration issues while he was Arkansas governor . Huckabee 's Friday comments on immigration came after he appeared to make another gaffe Thursday , when he seemed to suggest incorrectly that Pakistan was under martial law . Watch Huckabee 's response to Bhutto 's assassination " While commenting on Bhutto 's death during an Orlando , Florida , press conference , Huckabee told reporters that the United States ' first priority should be to find the responsible parties . "  But the most urgent thing to do is to offer our sincere sympathies and concerns to the family and to the people of Pakistan , and that 's the first thing we would be doing other than , again , trying to ascertain who 's behind it , and what impact does it have on whether or not there 's going to be martial law continued in Pakistan , suspension of the constitution , " Huckabee said . "  Those are concerns that the United States certainly should have . " Later Thursday , at an event in West Des Moines , Iowa , Huckabee told CNN that "  it was not that I was unaware it was suspended , two weeks ago , lifted . ... The point was , would it be reinstated , would it be placed back in ? All of the aspects of martial law have not been completely lifted even now . There 's still a heavy hand Musharraf has used . " Conservative critics immediately pointed out that Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf lifted the country 's state of martial law roughly two weeks ago . The slip "  ought to be really bad news for Huckabee , " said the National Review 's Jim Geraghty , writing on the magazine 's Web site . "  I 'm not sure how big assassination-related news will play in the first primary states . Still , I think those misstatements will exacerbate the Huck/Not Huck divide in GOP circles . " The National Review has endorsed Romney . But CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said the debate over whether Huckabee has command of the nuances of the Pakistan crisis would have little impact on his support . "  Mike Huckabee is a populist . His comments on Pakistan reflect a populist understanding of the crisis , which , is to say , not much , " Schneider said . "  Sure , the political establishment is snickering , but I doubt that his misstatements bother his supporters much . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	NEW : Aide admits that Huckabee has "  no foreign policy credentials " NEW : Campaign official suggested tying Pakistan crisis to immigration issue Huckabee appeared not to know that martial law had been lifted in Pakistan Gaffes will have little effect on support for populist candidate , analyst says
Washington  CNN  This is n't how House Speaker John Boehner wanted to start 2015 . He 's presiding over a historic majority in the House while the Senate is controlled by Republicans for the first time in nearly a decade . But the Ohio Republican is still wrestling with a familiar problem that could threaten his agenda over the next two years : conservative unrest . That dynamic was on display Tuesday when a surprisingly large group of Republicans voted against giving Boehner a third term as Speaker . "  I think a lot of Republicans are looking for a new direction , " Oklahoma GOP Rep. Jim Bridenstine , one of those saying he 'll back another candidate , told CNN . This group , which includes about a dozen lawmakers , is almost certain to fail . But even if they do n't block Boehner from another term wielding the Speaker 's gavel , their opposition is a fresh reminder of Boehner 's struggles to control his rank-and-file just as he and incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell try to prove that Republicans can govern heading into 2016 . And the drama is all playing out amid turmoil in the leadership ranks after revelations that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise once spoke to a white supremacist group , unfortunate news for a party that is trying to expand its reach to minorities ahead of the next presidential election . Although he already got the nod to keep his post by the House Republican conference after the midterms in November , Boehner does n't officially get the gavel again until a majority of members vote for him on the House floor on Tuesday . If 29 GOP members vote for someone else , they can force a potentially embarrassing second ballot -- with the scene playing out on live C-SPAN cameras . The opposition movement is n't entirely unexpected . Two years ago , Boehner faced a similar , poorly organized effort when a dozen House Republicans backed other candidates or declined to vote for him . Some Boehner opponents say their position is n't personal . They just do n't like the way he ran the House . "  This is n't about John Boehner , " Bridenstine said . Republicans looking for an alternative "  just want to make sure that we 're doing the right thing on behalf of our constituents . " Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert and Florida Rep. Ted Yoho , who are tea party favorites , announced they would run for the Speaker . In an interview on CNN Monday , Rep. Steve King of Iowa floated Florida Rep. Daniel Webster as another possible candidate . But even Bridenstine conceded no one can defeat Boehner outright . Kentucky Republican Rep. Tom Massie told reporters he opposed Boehner not because he was n't conservative enough , but because he failed to give members enough input into legislation like the massive spending bill that passed in December . Conservatives were angry that the bill did n't do anything to block President Barack Obama 's immigration executive order . Massie estimated there were between 10 and 50 House Republicans who could back an alternative to Boehner . Still , he said he was only confident that those who have publicly announced they opposed Boehner would actually follow through and vote for someone else on the House floor . Massie declined to tell reporters on Monday night who he was supporting . Indiana Rep. Marlin Stuzman , another conservative Boehner critic , told reporters Monday he was still deciding who to back and was hoping he and others trying to force a change in leadership could agree on a "  consensus candidate . " Boehner 's allies say they are n't worried about him losing his job and GOP members across the ideological spectrum left the first meeting of all House Republicans on Monday night predicting the Speaker would be re-elected . Even Texas Rep. Roger Williams , who told CNN he did n't always support Boehner , said he thought the Speaker would overcome the challenge , and that he deserved a chance to shepherd a conservative agenda through a new session . At a time when GOP leaders want to turn the page on the dysfunction that has dominated Capitol Hill , this latest effort feeds into the familiar narrative that played out over the past four years that Boehner ca n't control his conference . "  This is a last moment sideshow , " Rep Tom Cole of Oklahoma , a Boehner supporter , told CNN . He added : "  the sad thing is it distracts from what our messages ought to be . We ought to be talking about the Republican agenda -- about the possibilities now that we have the Senate -- about Keystone , about fixes on Obamacare , trade regulatory reform . " Michael Steel , a spokesman for the Speaker , said Boehner is "  confident he 'll remain the Speaker . " Indeed , Boehner has laid a groundwork for being re-elected . He reached out individually by phone to House GOP members after the midterms and was the party 's top fundraiser in 2014 , collecting chits along the campaign trail . According to his political staff , the Speaker brought in over $ 100 million over the 2014 cycle , and traveled extensively for members and candidates , attending 150 events . In Monday evening 's meeting in the Capitol basement , Boehner did n't specifically address his critics . But he made a general pitch to his fellow Republicans on the need to stay united in the new Congress , according to several GOP members who attended the session . He noted his party had a real opportunity to get some of their top priorities done if they worked as a team . Still , some outside groups are trying to whip up a grassroots campaign to get conservative activists to call in and demand members vote against Boehner . FreedomWorks , a group with strong tea party ties , is part of this effort , but Boehner supporters say this group and others who have been critical of the Speaker have a history of seizing on internal feuds to raise money . Boehner slammed some of these conservative groups out after the 2013 government shutdown , arguing they are more concerned with their elevating their own profile than helping the GOP govern effectively . South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney , who did n't vote for Boehner in 2013 , would n't say how he would vote on Tuesday . But he appeared to criticize the anti-Boehner forces for not standing up and saying they wanted someone else earlier this fall . "  We had an election for Speaker in November and no one opposed John Boehner . I find it hard to believe that those folks who really do n't like Mr. Boehner today suddenly discovered they did n't like him between November and today , " Mulvaney said . In addition to his own political problems , Boehner is also opening the new Congress grappling with a scandal caused by a top Republican ally . Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise , the third ranking House GOP leader who is tasked with counting votes , admitted last month he spoke to a white supremacist group in 2002 . Scalise apologized and renounced the group , which has ties to former Klu Klux Klan leader David Duke . Boehner stood behind him calling him a "  man of high integrity and good character . " But some Republicans outside Congress are calling on Scalise to step aside , to prevent any damage to the party 's efforts to diversify its supporters . House Democrats are already using the Scalise story -- targeting 30 House Republicans in competitive districts and challenging them to publicly say whether or not they support him remaining in his post . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest , asked Monday whether Scalise should stay , took a jab at the GOP , saying who Republicans choose as their elected leaders "  says a lot about who the conference is and what their priorities and values are . " He also repeatedly noted that Scalise had referred to himself as "  David Duke without the baggage , " but said it 's up to Republicans on who they elect as their leaders . As the former chair of a group of influential House conservatives , Scalise is viewed as Boehner 's bridge to those on the right , so any effort to push him out could hurt the Speaker at a time he needs to hold conservative support to keep his own job . For now , Scalise seems poised to remain in the leadership . Republicans are facing high expectations as they take full control of Congress . Many House GOP members and outside groups are saying they expect many items -- such as changes to banking rules , Obamacare , environmental regulations -- that Senate Democrats blocked to sail through now that McConnell is in charge . That might be easier said than done since Senate Republicans will still have to rely on Democratic votes to overcome filibusters and pass legislation . North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr , who is a close personal friend of Boehner 's said the Speaker will have to guide House members to concentrate on things that are doable . "  I think he has to tap down unrealistic initiatives and focus people on the tools we do have , " Burr told reporters , mentioning using spending bills to strip away money for programs or limit the Administration 's actions . CNN 's Dana Bash , Adam Levy and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	House will vote Tuesday on whether John Boehner will serve a third term as Speaker Boehner is facing conservative opposition but is still expected to win
DUBLIN , Ireland  CNN  -- Jane Orobator lives in a small house in Dublin , Ireland . She 's a full time psychology student at Trinity college and she is single-handedly raising 3 girls aged 9 to 14 . Their smiling faces are framed in photos on the walls at home -- the only ornaments in an otherwise sparsely decorated house . An emotional Jane Orabator said her daughter 's arrest made her world crumble like a pack of cards . But there is one family member missing from these photos : the oldest sister , Samantha , now 21 , in prison in Laos charged with smuggling heroin . "  My life , my world is crumbling like a pack of cards right before me , " Jane Orobator told CNN in an emotional interview . "  Samantha has never given me any cause to worry . " Over the course of a 90-minute interview with CNN , Orobator frequently broke down in tears . At one point , she collapsed to her knees and begged for her daughter 's release . But Jane Orobator is clearly baffled and mystified as to how her daughter ended up in Laos in the first place . Samantha Orobator was born in Nigeria . Her family sent her to London , England , to live with her aunt when she was 8 years old to escape the political strife back home . By many accounts , Samantha was a happy and popular child . She achieved good grades and excelled in biology , hoping to become a surgeon . "  A really nice child , who loved school , good friends , respected the staff , behaved herself and achieved good academic results , " recalls school headmaster Serge Cefai . "  We 're extremely surprised , " he says , "  We 've had some of her ex-friends get in touch with the school saying ` What do you know ? ' Well , we only know what the media has told us and what 's now coming out . And everybody is in the same boat . Samantha could n't be involved in drugs , could she ? " Jane Orobator describes her daughter as quiet , petite and "  fragile . " Her daughter never mentioned any boyfriends and did n't smoke or drink , she says . In fact , Samantha 's life was so trouble-free that when her mother and three sisters eventually moved to Dublin , Ireland , the family decided that she should stay with her friends and school in London . Friends say she was popular and outgoing , but that she also had an adventurous streak . Her former classmate Ronke Oseni describes a fun-loving girl with a passion for travel . "  The thing about Samantha is that she likes to travel and do new things , " she explains . "  She 's very funny , like extremely funny , the weirdest sense of humor , very articulate , very hard working . " But the last time Oseni talked to her friend was in June last year . She did not mention any plans to go overseas . In fact , Samantha was planning a holiday , says her mother . Jane Orobator last talked to her daughter in July when she was traveling with friends in Holland . But Samantha did not mention any details about who she was traveling with or where she was going next . In August Samantha was arrested at the Wattan Airport in Vientiane , Laos , allegedly in possession of 1.5 pounds of heroin -- an offense punishable by death . How did Samantha end up here ? Jane Orobator does n't know . British consular officials contacted her sister , the aunt who raised Samantha , in September , informing the family that she was in jail . When Jane Orobator discussed it with her sister , both women dismissed it as impossible . "  I just did n't believe it . It was totally out of character . " She told us , "  I thought it was her passport that someone else was using . And I was furious that Samantha had lost her passport or given it to someone else . " It was n't until January that British consular officials contacted Jane Orobator directly and confirmed that the woman inside the Phothong prison in Laos was indeed her daughter . And the nightmare got worse : She was told Samantha was five months pregnant . "  I 've not been able to comprehend it . Being there . Samantha ? Arrested ? Five months later she is pregnant ? " she says . "  Because it 's like a puzzle . I 'm still trying to figure out how she got there . I have not been able to figure that out . Suddenly , she 's pregnant . " Oseni and other friends have rallied to her side and support groups have sprouted across the Internet -- hoping public pressure will lead to her release . There is a glimmer of hope : The Laos government said Samantha Orobator will no longer face the death penalty , because Laotian law does not allow the execution of a pregnant woman . Also , a new prisoner transfer agreement signed Thursday between Laos and Britain may allow Samantha to serve her prison term here in Britain . "  It is good news that she might be able to come here and if she 's found guilty and has to serve her sentence here , at least I can visit her because where she is no one can visit her , " said Oseni . "  She 's a strong person . She has a strong character . She can defy any odds . " But for Jane Orobator , the ordeal is not over yet . She still fears that conditions in the Phothong prison may be too harsh for her daughter . "  Technically , they have n't killed her by firing squad . They have killed her the other way around . Because they can never give her the care she needs . Because the circumstances of the pregnancy , the psychological torment she 's going through . " Jane Orobator says she is waiting for her Irish passport . She then hopes to travel to Laos and see her daughter before her trial starts , possibly as early as next week .	Mom : "  Samantha has never given me any cause to worry " Samantha Orobator , now 21 , in prison in Laos charged with smuggling heroin Daughter was facing death penalty , but now wo n't because she 's pregnant Mom happy about deal that would allow daughter to serve time in England
CNN  -- Much of the war crimes trial of former Liberian president Charles Taylor focused on the role played by so-called "  conflict diamonds " in funding rebels in conflict areas . What are "  conflict diamonds ? " Conflict or "  blood " diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas , particularly in central and western Africa , according to the World Diamond council , which represents the commercial diamond trade . The United Nations defines conflict diamonds as " ... diamonds that originate from areas controlled by forces or factions opposed to legitimate and internationally recognized governments , and are used to fund military action in opposition to those governments , or in contravention of the decisions of the Security Council . " They are generally in "  rough " form , meaning they have recently been extracted and not yet cut . At the height of the civil war in Sierra Leone , it is estimated that conflict diamonds represented approximately four percent of the world 's diamond production . What role did they play in the war ? Taylor was accused of arming rebel groups and terrorizing civilians during the decade-long civil war in exchange for uncut diamonds smuggled out to him in empty mayonnaise jars . He was found guilty of aiding the rebels , but a judge ruled that prosecutors failed to prove he was in command of them . During the trial British supermodel Naomi Campbell was summoned as a witness for the prosecution . She told the court she received a gift of "  dirty-looking stones " from two men following a dinner hosted by then-South African President Nelson Mandela in 1997 . The prosecution argued the stones were "  blood diamonds " -- a personal gift from Taylor . That claim contradicted Taylor 's testimony that he never handled the precious stones that fueled the conflict . Who suffers from conflict diamonds ? Apart from the innocent people caught up in the conflicts that the trade fuels , thousands of men , women and children in countries such as Sierra Leone are used as slaves to extract diamonds . They are often forced to use primitive , back-breaking methods such as digging into mud or gravel along river banks with their bare hands . The collected material is then separated using hand-held sieves . What is being done to stop the trade ? Late last year a major international environmental group pulled out of the so-called Kimberley Process designed to guarantee that diamonds do not come from conflict zones . Global Witness said it had refused "  to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds , violence and tyranny . " The Kimberley Process started when Southern African diamond-producing states met in Kimberley , South Africa , in May 2000 , to discuss ways to stop the trade in conflict diamonds and ensure that diamond purchases were not funding violence . The result was an agreement by the United Nations , European Union , the governments of 74 countries , the World Diamond Council -- representing the industry -- and a number of interest groups such as Global Witness . They established the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme  KPCS  , whereby members are required to certify that all rough diamond exports are produced through legitimate mining and sales activities and are "  conflict-free . " Each shipment carries a certificate that details where the diamonds came from , how they were mined , where they were cut and polished , the parties involved , and their ultimate destination . The idea is that members of the Kimberley Process can not trade with non-members . Is it working ? According to Amy Barry of Global Witness , the Kimberley Process has yet to demonstrate itself capable of stopping the trade because of a lack of political will among member states . "  Zimbabwe , for example , is a test case for the KP , " she told CNN in 2010 , alleging that Robert Mugabe 's regime has benefited from the sale of blood diamonds despite it being a member of the Kimberley Process . She said the huge Marange diamond fields of eastern Zimbabwe are operated by military-run syndicates who beat or kill miners who do n't mine for them or pay bribes . The extreme violence perpetrated by the military even included the mass murder of hundreds of miners by helicopter gunships , she added . CNN gets exclusive access to Marange mines But with just one or two member states able to veto any punitive action against abuses or infringements of the KP scheme , no decisive action has been taken against Zimbabwe . "  This consensus decision-making means tough decisions do n't get made , " said Barry . "  Certain countries are putting economic and political interests in front of defending the fundamental principles of the scheme . " Is the "  conflict trade " limited to diamonds ? No . According to Global Witness , rebel fighters and army units have hijacked the trade in mineral ores , used in the production of mobile phones and computers , from eastern Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  , while subjecting the local population to massacres , rape , extortion , and forced labor . The "  conflict minerals " are then laundered into the global supply chain by export houses , before being transformed into refined metals by large international smelting firms . Global Witness says the operations of some of the world 's leading consumer brands are now being scrutinized for evidence of links to this rogue trade .	Much of war crimes trial of Charles Taylor centered on "  conflict diamonds " Conflict or "  blood " diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas Thousands in countries such as Sierra Leone are used as slaves to extract diamonds Group pulls out of process to guarantee diamonds do not come from conflict zones
Washington  CNN  -- Victims and families of those killed in the Fort Hood massacre are asking compensation totaling $ 750 million from the government for failing to stop the attack . Eighty-three administrative claims were filed last week , saying the Army , the FBI , and the Justice and Defense departments are guilty of gross and willful negligence for not recognizing that the man charged in the shootings , Maj. Nidal Hasan , was a threat . "  Although they had clear knowledge and warnings that Hasan posed a grave danger to the lives and safety of soldiers and civilians with whom he came into contact , they did nothing to eliminate the known risk posed by him , " the "  basis of claim " document alleges . "  On the contrary , bowing to ` political correctness , ' the DOD , DOA  Department of the Army  , DOJ , and FBI , in wanton disregard of the safety of military and civilian personnel , intentionally ignored the threat he presented , " says the document , which was attached to each of the 83 claims . Hasan is charged with killing 13 people and wounding dozens more in the killing spree at a medical building at Fort Hood , Texas , on November 5 , 2009 , where soldiers were screened before deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan . His court martial , in which prosecutors are seeking the death penalty , is set to begin March 5 . Hasan has not entered a plea . The lawyer handling the compensation claim , Neal Sher , said the next step depends on the government . "  The Army is taking the lead , " Sher told CNN . "  They have six months either to deny the claim or satisfactorily resolve it . " After that , the case could move into federal court . Since immediately following the attacks there have been widespread questions about how Hasan was evaluated , promoted and transferred to Fort Hood with plans to deploy to Afghanistan despite questions about his ideology and stability . A congressional report labeled him "  a smoking gun , " and ripped into the government for not sounding an alarm . "  Although neither the Department of Defense nor the FBI had specific information concerning the time , place , or nature of the attack , they collectively had sufficient information to have detected Hasan 's radicalization to violent Islamist extremism but failed both to understand and to act on it , " said the report from Sens. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and Susan Collins , R-Maine . "  Our investigation found specific and systemic failures in the government 's handling of the Hasan case and raises additional concerns about what may be broader systemic issues , " it said . The government refuses to confirm reports that U.S. intelligence agencies had monitored Hasan 's e-mail contacts with American-born radical Anwar al-Awlaki , who in September was killed by an American drone attack in Yemen . "  It is a tragic irony that our government sought out and killed al-Awlaki , while Hasan was promoted in the Army and put in a position to carry out his murderous terror attack , " attorney Sher had said in an earlier statement . "  It is a sad commentary on our avowed war on terror that the government deliberately refused to take even minimal steps to neutralize the clear threat posed by Hasan , who made no secret of , and actually boasted about , his anti-American and jihadist views . " Victims and witnesses identified Hasan as the shooter during a preliminary hearing at Fort Hood last year . They described the mayhem inside the building , floors slick with blood as the gunman fired more than 150 rounds and methodically reloaded his handgun . Hasan was shot and partially paralyzed in a shootout with police . A Fort Hood spokesman acknowledged that the compensation claims had been filed . "  We are aware of the cases but are not able to speak to the specifics , " spokesman Tyler Broadway said in an e-mail . "  The cases will be taken seriously and will follow due process . "	83 claims have been filed by those wounded and the families of those killed at Fort Hood They name the Army , the FBI and the Justice and Defense departments The Army has six months to act on the claim before it goes to court , an attorney says A court-martial for the suspect , Maj. Nidal Hasan , is set for March
CNN  -- Baseball 's League Championship Series ' start Friday with the New York Yankees taking on the Texas Rangers for the American League title . The winner will go to the World Series against the victor in the National League Championship series between the Philadelphia Phillies and San Francisco Giants . The Phillies-Giants series starts Saturday and will be televised on Fox . TBS analyst Ron Darling spoke to CNN about compelling people and stories that will interest even the most casual fans and about how the baseball we 'll be watching is radically different than the game we saw just a few years ago . This is an edited transcript : CNN : Has this been an extraordinary post-season for pitching , or does it always improve in the playoffs ? Ron Darling : I think what has been extraordinary is that all the pitchers , whether they came through trades  Phillies with Roy Halladay and Roy Oswalt ; Texas with Cliff Lee  or up through the farm system like the San Francisco Giants , or a free agent like CC Sabathia in New York , the great thing about it is they all deliver . Sometimes the great Braves pitchers would falter during the '90s , but none of these guys has faltered . In fact they 're having some of the greatest games in the history of post-season play . Whether it 's Tim Lincecum 's 14 strikeouts , Cliff Lee and his ability to throw complete games and strike out hitters without walking anybody , and of course Roy Halladay 's no-hitter . CNN : What were your thoughts on the Texas Rangers celebrating their division series win over Tampa Bay with ginger ale instead of champagne because their star , Josh Hamilton , is recovering from drug and alcohol abuse ? Darling : I thought it was one of the special moments of the post-season . There are a lot of people affected by alcoholism and drug addiction in this country , and a lot of people feel alone in their battle against those two addictions . And to see an entire ball club get behind their player 's problem and have empathy and sympathy for his problems was just one of the special things . Remember their manager  Ron Washington  tested positive last season  for cocaine  . They could have abandoned the manager ; instead , it brought them closer together . They 've been one of the great stories and to know that they wanted one of their best players to celebrate in the clubhouse because they knew he could only do it with ginger ale to me is a just a beautiful gesture . CNN : You played with Dwight Gooden and Daryl Strawberry , who both struggled with addiction . How hard has it been for Josh Hamilton to overcome his addiction to play so well ? Darling : I think trying to battle addictions is hard enough if you 're working 9-5 and you 've got a family and you 're trying to stay out of harm 's way . When you 're a young athlete on the road with a lot of free time on your hands , I think it ups it exponentially . I know Hamilton has a caretaker who helps him out on the road , but I think it 's taken a lot of stick-to-itiveness by Josh . You know he 's had a second chance , had a couple of hiccups , but he 's made the most of it . Addiction is a sickness ; we should look at it like that . I think we should welcome what he 's done . He 's not only a great player , but he 's also become a leader on that team and that 's the most interesting part of that to me . CNN : Besides Hamilton , who are some other players people will enjoy watching if they flip on the game ? Darling : In the National League , you have to look at the little guys , Shane Victorino and Placido Polanco , for the Phillies . Sometimes these games allow them to shine when most of the publicity goes to the home-run hitters . On San Francisco , Andres Torres , their centerfielder , had a remarkable season . He 's a player who floundered and later in his career found his role and had a great season . The Giants closer Brian Wilson had a remarkable year . I know he has the funny hair and funny beard , but there 's nothing funny about how he gets saves . The New York Yankees ' Brett Gardner and Curtis Granderson , batting at the bottom of the order , will have a big series . For Texas , the casual fan may not know about Nelson Cruz , but he has about as much pop in his bat as anyone in the game and he 's a good fielder and throws well .  The playoffs  could be a good forum for the country to learn what a good player he is . CNN : Why have there been so many errors in this post-season ? Darling : There have been 31 errors so far , and what we should read into it is that the game has changed . You can overlook an error when a lot of home runs are being hit and a lot of runs scored . That 's not happening as much anymore . Every play is critical , and if you 're talking about this being the season of the post-season pitcher , every time an error is made , it 's going to be crucial in determining the game . There have been errors before , but over the last 10 seasons , you could overcome it with offensive output . But when the games are 3-1 every night , you ca n't afford those errors . And those players that in the past you put in the lineup because of their offensive abilities and you hoped they would catch the ball but figured they 'd make up for it with their offense , those days are gone and those players are gone . If you are in the minor leagues and not working on your fielding , you 're going to have a hard time getting to the major leagues . CNN : Because of steroid testing , do you think these lower-scoring , well-pitched games are going to be the norm going forward ? Darling : Watch these series . There 's going to be lots of steals , bunting and infield hits , all of those things that we saw a lot in the '70s and early '80s that went away . You 're still going to have guys hit the ball out of the ballpark . But how many home runs are guys going to hit off Halladay , Lee , Lincecum and Sabathia ? It 's not gon na happen .	Ron Darling says it 's amazing how well so many pitchers have performed in playoffs He says Rangers ' celebration after winning division series was special moment Rangers celebrated with ginger ale so star Josh Hamilton , a recovering addict , could join Darling says players who can hit but not field well will have a hard time making major leagues
We know you 're starting to panic . With just a few weeks left in the holiday season , you still need Christmas gift ideas for some of the people on your list : the babysitter you want to keep happy , the co-worker you drew in the office Secret Santa exchange , the in-laws who have everything , the new niece or nephew who already seems to have so much for such a tiny person . Stop the freakout : Try this list for inspiration . You can pick up most of these gifts on your way home tonight ! GIFTS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE The infant Gift-giving philosophy : This is the perfect time to give a keepsake . Shopping strategy : Jewelry stores , arts and craft stores , high-end department stores , local gift boutiques , home decor stores and big box stores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Sterling silver keepsakes , personalized shadow box for booties or a rattle , cashmere baby blanket , heirloom quilt , engraved snow globe or jewelry box . The teenager Gift-giving philosophy : Teens are throwing off the trappings of their childhoods , but usually retain a sense of whimsy . Meanwhile , they 're experimenting with some newfound freedoms . Indulge them . Shopping strategy : Young-adult oriented retailers like Urban Outfitters , bath and body stores , technology stores like the Apple Store and Radio Shack , department stores and big box stores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Think about perfume or cologne , a Pocket DJ mixer , department store makeup , cute headphones with animal ears , furniture made out of skateboards , a cardboard unicorn head trophy , a massive nail art kit , leather duffel bag , semiprecious jewelry , zombie survival kit or Swiss Army knife . GIFTS FOR FAMILY AND FRIENDS The distant relative Gift-giving philosophy : You see them maybe once a year . Time to play up your family ties and think outside the normal retail haunts . Shopping strategy : Photo stores and copy stores are useful for reproductions of family heirlooms ; they can help reproduce your photos or old home movies , and often sell items like frames and archival boxes . Monogrammed gifts can also be found in local boutiques , big box stores , kitchen supply stores and home decor stores like Pottery Barn . Examples : Reprint a family photo and frame it for them . Copy Great Aunt Ree 's recipe cards so everyone can eat that fruitcake . Try a monogrammed item with your common name . The in-laws , or your love interest 's parents Gift-giving philosophy : You want your in-laws or significant other 's parents to feel comfortable around you , so give them the gift of comfort . Shopping strategy : High-end department stores , sleep specialty stores , big box stores , bath and body stores , home goods stores like Restoration Hardware and even some drugstores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Try micro-fleece or down-filled robes , cashmere slippers , a heated sofa throw , essential oil or lavender eye pillow or a pajama warming pouch . The people who have everything Gift-giving philosophy : They already have everything they want . So what 's left ? Consumable gifts ! Shopping strategy : Paper and stationery stores , spas and boutiques , gourmet food stores and home decor stores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Look for stationery , imported toiletries , specialty foods , herbal bath tea , exotically flavored sugars , or even a thoughtful calendar or themed cocktail napkins . If it 's a relative , try a family favorite that only they would understand , like baking grandma 's lady finger cookies . The babysitter , housecleaner or nanny Gift-giving philosophy : The people who help you in your home are often as close as family . Give them gifts that remind them of your bond . Shopping strategy : Jewelry stores , big box stores , bookstores , gift boutiques , specialty retailers like Brookstone or even local visitors centers could have the gifts you 're looking for . Examples : Try jewelry with a message -- either symbolic or engraved -- or a digital photo frame with many images loaded of your photos together or a book that mentions inside jokes . Share your last name : gift them with a family tartan or an embroidered state pillow that says something about your family identity . The hairdresser , tailor or mechanic Gift-giving philosophy : Do n't fool yourself : They work hard for a living , you need their services and you know they would appreciate a substantial holiday tip . Examples : Bring them money , usually the amount you spend for their services in one visit , and maybe some of the cookies you 've baked GIFTS FOR WORK The Secret Santa gift Gift-giving philosophy : Think impersonal but useful -- let THEM personalize it . Shopping strategy : Bookstores , office supply stores , big box stores , luggage stores like Mori Luggage & Gifts , organizer stores like The Container Store , high-end department stores and local boutiques will likely have the kinds of gifts you 're looking for . Examples : Consider a small frame for your co-worker 's desk , humorous but useful checklist notepads , keyboard and screen cleaners , an elegant pen , a business card wallet , Moleskin notebooks , designer sticky notes , or perhaps a red Swingline stapler . The boss Gift-giving philosophy : You want to show appreciation , but do n't want to look like a kiss-up . Think current and trendy -- but high style . Shopping strategy : Spas , boutiques , bath and body stores , department stores , big box stores , home decor stores , jewelry stores and outlet stores like T.J.Maxx and Marshalls will likely have the gifts you 're looking for . Examples : Look for a spa toiletry set , an American heritage brand sofa throw , personalized graphic mug , retro or reproduction curio tray , on-trend sculptural book ends , Chinoiserie catch-all box or bowl , money clip . GIFTS FOR CELEBRATIONS The inevitable surprise guest Gift-giving philosophy : Of course you want something under the tree for everyone . Think small luxury -- the sorts of things you do n't often buy , but will help make a house a home . Shopping strategy : High-end department stores , home decor stores , outlet stores like T.J.Maxx or Marshalls , luggage stores or big box stores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Look for Lamp Berger , cut glass or crystal serving dishes , small graphite sculpture , luxury brand key chain , a jewelry box or toiletry bag . The White Elephant party guest Gift-giving philosophy : Think kitsch . It has the widest range of bizarre appeal for these humorous parties . Shopping strategy : Specialty stores like Spencer Gifts , arts and craft stores , big box stores , local antique stores or local gift boutiques will likely have the kinds of gifts you 're looking for . Online , you can count on Archie McPhee and Baron Bob . Examples : A fez , a package of googly eye stickers , elf ears , reproduction post cards  "  Greetings from ... , " or pulp novel covers  , "  World 's best " mug , household utensils shaped as animals . The host and hostess Gift-giving philosophy : Party ! Food and drink or holiday dcor-related gifts are perfect . Shopping strategy : Kitchen and cook supply stores , gift boutiques , high-end department stores , lifestyle and clothing stores like Anthropologie or big box stores will likely have the gifts you want . Examples : Look for intricate Christmas tree ornaments , whimsical corkscrews , themed stacking measuring cups , cocktail picks , fine candlesticks or embroidered holiday tea towels . For Christmas pick gift for everyone else Gift-giving philosophy : Pick up the tradition of the Christmas pickle ornament -- it 's a well-known game in German households . Parents hide a pickle-shaped ornament on the tree , and the children  or adults !  must find it . Whoever finds the pickle gets a gift -- and usually it 's wacky ! Shopping strategy : Drugstores , As Seen on TV stores , local specialty shops and joke stores are excellent hunting ground for this kind of gift . Online stores like ThinkGeek or Amazon.com could also serve your needs . Examples : Start the tradition by giving the pickle ornament , or relish in giving a ceramic nose pencil sharpener , a scarf that looks like a piece of bacon , a talking soap dispenser , perhaps a retro singing "  Billy Bass " fish trophy . What 's the best give you 've ever given the hard-to-shop-for folks on your list ? Share in the comments at CNN Living on Facebook or @CNNLiving on Twitter !	Christmas gift ideas can be hard to find for a long list of people you love and respect Consider these gift ideas for teenagers , in-laws , distant relatives and friends Secret Santa gifts and White Elephant gifts deserve some thought , too
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A former astronaut who was accused of assaulting a romantic rival in the parking lot of the Orlando airport will avoid prison after pleading guilty to lesser charges as part of a plea agreement . Citing Lisa Marie Nowak 's lack of a criminal history , Orange County Circuit Judge Marc Lubet sentenced her to a year of probation . She was given credit for the two days she served in the county jail after her arrest . Nowak , 46 , must also perform 50 hours of community service and have no contact with the victim in the case , former Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman . She must also send Shipman a letter of apology within 10 days , "  a sincere letter of apology , not one of these vanilla things that I see from other defendants , " Lubet told Nowak . "  It 's been almost three years since the events took place that caused this nightmare for Ms. Shipman , and you are 100 percent responsible . " In addition , Nowak must complete an eight-hour anger management course within her first 30 days of probation , Lubet said . Nowak told the judge she had undergone counseling for 1 1/2 years and the counseling is complete , so the judge said he would not order more . Lubet said he was treating Nowak as any defendant would be treated , saying he doubts any judge would send a defendant to prison on a first offense . Shipman delivered an emotional victim statement before Nowak 's sentencing , telling the court she remains convinced Nowak planned to kill her . "  Shortly after I turned 30 years old , Lisa Nowak hunted me down and attacked me in a dark parking lot , " she said , adding that she is "  still reeling from her vicious attack " and attempting to piece her life back together . "  The world as I knew it before Lisa Nowak is gone , " Shipman said . "  Every stranger I see is a potential attacker . Going out in public is exhausting . " She said she has undergone nearly three years of counseling , but suffers from nightmares , anxiety and health problems such as high blood pressure and chest pains because of the incident . Nowak initially was charged with attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon . If convicted , she could have faced a sentence of up to life in prison . Prosecutors accused Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston , Texas , to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from the airport 's baggage claim to the parking lot in February 2007 . Nowak 's attorney , Don Lykkebak , has denied that she wore the diapers . Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein . But Shipman , in her comments Tuesday , called that claim "  at best , ridiculous , " saying that Nowak , whom she did not know , had ample opportunity to talk to her , as she "  stealthily followed me for hours . " "  I 'm a very friendly person , your honor , " Shipman said , adding that she would have welcomed Nowak 's company "  over some hot chocolate , while I was waiting for my suitcase to arrive . " She recounted the incident and her terror as she realized Nowak was following her in the dark parking lot , as she could hear the swishing of Nowak 's pants as she walked . She said she sprinted to her car , and Nowak attempted to open the car door and beat on her window , then spun a tale of being a helpless traveler who was afraid of being in a dark parking lot . Shipman said she cracked her window , and Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray . "  She blasted me with what felt like acid , " Shipman said . " ... I stomped on the gas and wondered if there was a gun pointed at my head . " At a hearing in November 2007 , Orlando Police Detective William Becton testified that in a search of Nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport and its layout , a buck knife and papers , including a letter Nowak appeared to have written to Oefelein 's mother . He testified he found used and clean diapers in the car . Police previously had said they also found a BB gun , a steel mallet , a 4-inch knife and rubber tubing in the vehicle . Shipman said Tuesday she thought she had escaped a carjacking . "  I had no idea that a highly paid , high-ranking military officer had just attacked me . " When she found out she had been attacked by a "  sister in arms , " she said , she was heartbroken . Shipman said the resulting media attention and scrutiny has placed additional stress on her and her family . Before sentencing , Nowak turned to Shipman and apologized . "  I am sincerely sorry for causing fear and misunderstanding and all of the intense public exposure that you have suffered , " Nowak said . "  I hope very much that we can all move forward from this with privacy and peace . " Lubet said he accepted her apology as sincere , but in sentencing her he noted that he was certain her conviction would affect her Navy career and retirement . Still , the judge told Nowak , "  you brought this on yourself , and I do n't have any sympathy for you in that respect . " Shipman has left the military and Oefelein has left the astronaut corps , and the two live in Anchorage , Alaska , where they run a company called Adventure Write as freelance writers and photographers . People.com reported in July the two were engaged . Lubet also ordered Nowak to stay away from Oefelein after Shipman alleged in her remarks she found a book with suggestive notes inside that Nowak had sent Oefelein after the incident despite a no-contact order . "  No books , no messages , no poems , nothing , " Lubet said . "  It 's not a problem , " Nowak responded . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Lisa Marie Nowak , a former astronaut , accused of assaulting a romantic rival Florida judge sentences Nowak to year on probation , community service Prosecutors say she drove 900 miles in diapers , wore disguise , followed woman through airport
CNN  -- A jawbone found on an Aruban beach will undergo forensic testing to determine whether it is human and , if so , whether it belongs to Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , last seen on the island in 2005 , authorities said Tuesday . Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said a part of the bone was sent to the Netherlands Forensic Institute in The Hague , Netherlands . It will be analyzed to determine whether it belongs to an animal or human , he said . If it is human , authorities will attempt to find out whether it belongs to Holloway . "  They are testing for a DNA match , " said Blanken . Investigators could know as early as Wednesday whether the bone belongs to an animal or a human , he added . Inge Oevering , a spokeswoman for the forensic institute , said the length of testing will depend on the condition of the material , but it normally takes about a week . The institute 's findings will be sent back to the prosecutor 's office , which will decide whether to make the results public , she said . Oevering declined to provide a description of the material . Blanken said a part of a jawbone with a tooth was found on Friday by an American tourist near the Phoenix Hotel , a large resort on the western side of Aruba . He took it to the police , Blanken said . Contacted by CNN , the hotel referred questions to local authorities . The Dutch paper De Telegraaf similarly reported Tuesday the jawbone was found near the Phoenix Hotel , a location that has been mentioned by Joran Van der Sloot , who was arrested twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but has not been charged . He has maintained his innocence in her death . The newspaper said a tourist couple found the bone on the beach and turned it in to the hotel clerk , who alerted authorities , offering a slightly different version of events than Blanken . The prosecutor said the bone was initially examined by a forensic expert in Aruba , who determined the bone was from a young woman . But Blanken cautioned the final determination would be made by the forensic institute in the Netherlands . "  I 'm happy that it 's human . And the initial finding is that it 's from a young woman , so maybe we will be able to solve this case . I hope so . But we will wait to see what the findings are , " he said . Holloway was 18 when she was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Sloot , 23 , is jailed in Lima , Peru , awaiting trial on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores . Her body was found in May in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot . The two were seen entering the room on a surveillance camera . Van der Sloot is also charged with a count of wire fraud and a count of extortion in Alabama for allegedly attempting to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Laura Perez Maestro , Brian Walker and CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : An initial test indicates the bone belongs to a young woman , prosecutor says Authorities say definitive testing may take about a week If the bone is human , DNA testing will be conducted The jawbone was found near an Aruban hotel
CNN  -- President Obama said Thursday that watching the arrival of 18 flag-draped cases containing bodies of Americans killed in Afghanistan was a "  sobering reminder " of U.S. sacrifice as he prepares to decide on sending more troops there . At a brief media appearance with visiting Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew of Singapore , Obama was asked whether his unannounced appearance at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware for the pre-dawn dignified transfer of the bodies would influence his decision on troop levels in Afghanistan . "  Obviously , it was a sobering reminder of the extraordinary sacrifices that our young men and women in uniform are engaging in every single day , " the president said . Obama said the burden of war on U.S. troops and their families will "  bear on how I see these conflicts . " "  It is something I think about each and every day , " he said . Also in attendance for the transfer of the bodies were Attorney General Eric Holder and Michele Leonhart , acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration . The bodies included three DEA special agents and 15 U.S. troops who died in Afghanistan this week . The agents were killed Monday as they returned from a raid on a compound believed to be harboring insurgents tied to drug trafficking . Seven U.S. troops also died when their helicopter went down in western Afghanistan . The military transport that landed in Delaware also included the bodies of eight U.S. soldiers killed Tuesday when their vehicles were hit by roadside bombs in two incidents in southern Afghanistan . The soldiers were from the 5th Stryker Brigade Combat Team of the 2nd Infantry Division , based at Fort Lewis , Washington . The DEA identified the agents killed Monday as Forrest N. Leamon , 37 , of Woodbridge , Virginia ; Chad L. Michael , 30 , of Quantico , Virginia ; and Michael E. Weston , 37 , of Washington . Leamon and Michael were members of the DEA 's Foreign-deployed Advisory and Support Teams , and Weston was assigned to the agency 's Kabul office . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	President Obama was on hand as bodies of soldiers who died in Afghanistan returned home DEA agents , U.S. troops were recently killed in helicopter crash Eight U.S. soldiers also killed by roadside bomb in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Suddenly , Europe is talking about growth and not just austerity . The French and the Greeks have followed voters in a series of other European countries in rejecting a pro-austerity government . The Greeks just denied their ruling parties a majority vote in the parliamentary elections , throwing into question the country 's commitment to structural and fiscal reform . And the French elected Francois Hollande , who will be France 's first Socialist president in 17 years . America has a large stake in European prosperity . Twenty-two percent of U.S. exports are sent to Europe and the two economies are stitched together with cross-border investments , interdependent capital markets and a shared view of global economic governance . Our mutual dependence has grown to the point that when either economy catches cold the other one risks more than a mild sniffle . The European elections add a degree of uncertainty for American companies thinking about investing in slow growth economies . But the impact is likely to be short-lived . As Europe goes through the process of finding a way to combine some growth with long-term deficit reduction , U.S. exports are likely to suffer . As expected , the Hollande victory and the political upheaval in Greece triggered strong reaction from markets around the world . European banks that have been harboring reserves are likely to be even more cautious going forward . And again , there is talk of Greece having to leave the eurozone . But for some time now , calls for growth have been heard from Ireland to Italy . The Dutch government suffered recently as it failed to heed calls for policies to foster growth . The new emphasis on growth reflects both a political and economic necessity . Greece has already plunged into high rates of unemployment . In Spain , the overall unemployment rate is approaching 25 % . Almost half of younger Spaniards are out of work . Adding austerity to the mix is simply politically unsustainable in mature democracies , as the election results in France and Greece demonstrate . Moreover , short-term austerity policy does not revive economic growth . Just take a look at Britain . There , the fiscal deficits have grown rather than shrink . The French government will be looked over carefully by international investors . If France was to adopt short-term tax cuts or increases in spending , it will likely be met by investors demanding higher interest rates on government bonds , which would constrain the government in its ability to promote growth . If France pursues a stimulus package , investors will want to see not only how much money is spent but also how the money is spent . For example , investments in infrastructure , technical education and scientific research should produce very different results than traditional policies of tax cuts and added unemployment compensation . What the struggling European countries should really do is learn some lessons from Germany , which has extended the retirement age , made adjustments to the social safety net and kept a tight rein on fiscal deficits . But it 's not easy to emulate the Germans . As France and its neighbors craft out new policies , slow growth in Europe will reduce some pressure on global commodity markets , particularly oil . That could be a plus for the United States . But , a decline in U.S. exports to Europe will drag down an already anemic job market at home . Economic and financial trouble in Europe is not good for the American economy . Neither is the political turmoil caused by too much austerity imposed too quickly . Traders will do well with a period of volatility caused by the changes in governments . Longer-term investors in Europe or the United States will be fine as long as they keep their eyes on economic and corporate fundamentals . The leaders of France and Germany are expected to meet next week , shortly after Hollande takes office . They have every reason to pursue reasonable policies that will benefit everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kent H. Hughes .	French and Greeks reject their pro-austerity governments in elections Kent Hughes : America has a large stake in European prosperity He says that short-term austerity policies do not revive economic growth Hughes : Traders will benefit from market volatility , long-term investors will do fine
CNN Student News  -- September 26 , 2013 After a U.S. senator holds the floor for nearly 22 hours , CNN Student News reports on why he did it , how some of his colleagues reacted , and some of the rules governing this marathon session . We also cover an earthquake in Pakistan , we describe statements from Iran 's new president , and we hear some reaction to a new policy for disabled guests at Disney theme parks . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : When might a world leader give an interview to the media of another country ? In what ways -- positive and negative -- might that interview be perceived by viewers in different countries ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . U.S. Senate floor 2 . company policy 3 . sense of normalcy Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How did a recent earthquake impact the people and geography of Pakistan ? 2 . What caused an explosion earlier this year in West , Texas ? 3 . Who is Scotty McCreery ? What is the purpose of the charity he supports ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why might a lawmaker choose to give a long speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate ? Under what circumstances might this be most and least effective ? Explain . 2 . Why do you think that the international community is taking notice of recent statements made by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani ? Why might some world leaders be skeptical about these statements ? 3 . What is your opinion of the policy shift in Disney theme parks ? Do you think it will affect the experience of Disney 's disabled guests ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Pakistan ; Iran North America West , Texas FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked the No. 1 item on the president 's congressional "  to-do-list , " refusing to allow a vote on a bill that would give tax breaks for companies that "  insource " jobs to the U.S. from overseas while eliminating tax deductions for companies that move jobs abroad . In voting against the bill , Republicans raised both substantive and procedural problems with the measure . The bill fell four votes short of the 60 needed to bring it to debate , with 42 voting against it . Four GOP senators -- Scott Brown of Massachusetts , Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and Dean Heller of Nevada -- voted in favor of the bill . Romney drives a truck through Obama 's ` build that ' remark With job creation the top issue this campaign season , and outsourcing being blamed as a big contributor to the high unemployment rate , Democrats saw the bill as an election-year winner . Sponsored by Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , who is running for reelection , the bill made it to the top of the "  to-do list " for Congress President Barack Obama unveiled earlier this year . The Bring Jobs Home Act would provide a 20 % tax break for the costs of moving jobs back to the United States and would rescind business expense deductions available to companies that are associated with the cost of moving operations overseas . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , had warned Democrats before the vote that his party would want to amend the bill -- possibly with hot-button issues like repealing the health care reform law or extending the Bush-era tax cuts for all income levels . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , responded that those amendments were not germane to the bill and he would not allow votes on them . In addition , Republican aides called attention to opposition by business groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers , who generally support Republicans . Biden knocks GOP over outsourcing In a letter to senators this week , the Chamber of Commerce called the bill "  misguided " and said it "  would hamper American worldwide companies ' competitiveness , increase complexity in the Internal Revenue Code , and threaten economic growth . " The Chamber said it would count how senators voted on this motion in their annual "  How they Voted " scorecard . Need a job ? Move here	Bill was on the top of Obama 's "  to-do list " for Congress Measure would give tax breaks to companies that move jobs back to the U.S. It also would rescind deductions associated with expenses for moving jobs overseas U.S. Chamber of Commerce : It would "  hamper " global firms ' competitiveness
CNN  -- Arizona 's top politicians blasted the Obama administration and federal officials over the denial of aid in the wake of the state 's deadly wildfire . The Yarnell Hill blaze killed 19 firefighters , called "  hotshots , " in late June , when it changed directions and engulfed them . The Federal Emergency Management Agency denied the state 's request for assistance based on insurance rules , it said in a statement Friday . It determined that not enough uninsured private individuals had become victims to warrant a payout . FEMA said it is not permitted to "  duplicate benefits provided by insurance companies or other federal agencies . " The agency also declined to issue a "  major disaster declaration " for affected areas . Solemn 100-mile procession for fallen firefighters Lone survivor pays tribute at Arizona firefighters memorial Fiery response The decision drew criticism from Arizona 's two Republican senators , John McCain and Jeff Flake . "  We are disappointed that FEMA denied the governor 's disaster declaration request for the Yarnell Hill Fire , " they said in a joint statement . "  It is a shame that FEMA could n't find it within their mission to help rebuild their homes and lives . " Republican Gov. Jan Brewer directed her criticism directly at the president . "  I am deeply troubled by the Obama administration 's decision to deny much-needed recovery assistance in the wake of Arizona 's deadliest wildfire , " she said in a statement . In a phone call after the fire , President Barack Obama had pledged support , she said . She felt that he had now backed down . "  With today 's denial of the state 's request , Arizonans are left questioning what help  the president and vice president  were willing to give , " she said . Vice President Joe Biden spoke at a memorial for the fallen hotshots in July . Opinion : Why lasting compassion matters FEMA firefighting aid After they perished in the flames , FEMA issued a grant to the state to help cover the costs of fighting the blaze while it was still active . The fire devoured more than 8,000 acres of woodland . But the Yarnell Hill blaze ravaged two communities , wiping out homes and other buildings . Arizona 's governor and two senators said they want to appeal FEMA 's decision . How you can help CNN 's Adam Aigner-Treworgy and Carol Cratty contributed to this report	Arizona 's top politicians blast the Obama administration over the denial The Yarnell Hill blaze killed 19 firefighters , called "  hotshots , " in June FEMA says it based its decision on insurance rules ; it is not allowed to duplicate private benefits Republican Gov. Jan Brewer criticizes the Obama administration
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Coroner 's investigator Elissa Fleak returned to the stand in the eighth day of the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor Thursday morning to continue her testimony about what she found in searches of the pop icon 's bedroom . The pathologist who conducted the autopsy on Michael Jackson and ruled his death a homicide could testify later Thursday or Friday in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Dr. Conrad Murray . Jurors should also soon hear the two-hour interview Murray gave to police two days after Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death of what the coroner concluded was the result of "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with sedatives . Los Angeles Police Det. Orlando Martinez , who questioned Murray , is expected to testify Thursday or Friday that Murray told him he had been administering propofol to Jackson regularly for two months to help him sleep . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren covered a table with drug vials and medical paraphernalia taken in Fleak 's searches , a visual display of Murray 's in-home treatment of Jackson . Fleak identified a saline bag that was cut open and an empty 100 milliliter propofol bottle inside . The prosecution alleges Murray used it as a makeshift IV drip to administer propofol to Jackson . The defense contends Murray gave Jackson just 25 milliliters of the surgical anesthetic and used a syringe to push it in . Twelve bottles of propofol were found in the bedroom during her first search the day Jackson died , including an empty vial found on the floor next to the bed , Fleak said . Seven bottles of medications were on a nightstand next to the bed , including one with lorazepam pills prescribed by Murray to Jackson . Murray 's defense lawyers say Jackson caused his own death by swallowing eight lorazepam pills and orally ingesting propofol while Murray was out of the room . Although crucial to prove that Murray is criminally responsible for the pop icon 's death , Thursday 's forensic testimony is not likely to match Wednesday 's emotional drama when jurors heard Jackson 's slurred voice telling his doctor "  I hurt , you know , I hurt . " A photograph of Jackson lying dead on a hospital gurney was later projected onto a large screen in the courtroom , a vivid reminder to jurors of why they will listen to a least a month of testimony . While the court camera feed focused on the disturbing image for just five seconds -- the result of an earlier decision to minimize public exposure to such shocking images -- it was displayed on a large screen in front of the jury for about two minutes . Forensic computer expert Stephen Marx , who found the Jackson audio file on Murray 's iPhone , said it was recorded on May 10 , 2009 , when Jackson was preparing for his "  This Is It " concerts set for London two months later . Prosecutors , who played a clip of the stunning audio in their opening statement last week , let the jury hear the entire recording in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial Wednesday . "  Elvis did n't do it . Beatles did n't do it . We have to be phenomenal , " Jackson said . "  When people leave this show , when people leave my show , I want them to say , ` I 've never seen nothing like this in my life . Go . Go . I 've never seen nothing like this . Go . It 's amazing . He 's the greatest entertainer in the world . ' I 'm taking that money , a million children , children 's hospital , the biggest in the world , Michael Jackson Children 's Hospital . Going to have a movie theater , game room . " In the portion never before heard in court , Jackson talked about his life and concern for children : "  Children are depressed . The -- in those hospitals , no game room , no movie theater . They 're sick because they 're depressed . Their mind is depressing them . I want to give them that . I care about them , them angels . God wants me to do it . God wants me to do it . I 'm going to do it , Conrad . " Another voice , which the prosecutor said was Murray 's , is heard saying , "  I know you would . " "  Do n't have enough hope , no more hope , " Jackson said . "  That 's the next generation that 's going to save our planet , starting with -- we 'll talk about it . United States , Europe , Prague , my babies . They walk around with no mother . They drop them off , they leave -- a psychological degradation of that . They reach out to me : ` Please take me with you . ' " At the end , Jackson said he was "  going to do that for them . " "  That will be remembered more than my performances . My performances will be up there helping my children and always be my dream . I love them . I love them because I did n't have a childhood . I had no childhood . I feel their pain . I feel their hurt . I can deal with it . ` Heal the World , ' ` We Are the World , ' ` Will You Be There , ' ` The Lost Children . ' These are the songs I 've written because I hurt , you know , I hurt . " At the end , Jackson told the doctor , "  I am asleep . " His brother Jermaine Jackson wiped tears from his eyes as he listened in court . Prosecutor Walgren said in his opening statement that Jackson was "  highly under the influences of unknown agents " when Murray recorded Jackson . Another recording found on Murray 's phone and played in court Wednesday was a voice mail from Frank Dileo , who was Jackson 's last manager . Dileo 's message to Murray , left five days before Jackson 's death , suggested that he "  get a blood test " from Jackson because "  we 've got to see what he 's doing . " He referred to "  an episode " Jackson had at a rehearsal the night before . "  He 's sick , " Dileo said . Concert producer Kenny Ortega testified about Jackson 's illness in the first day of the trial , which he wrote about in an e-mail sent about the same time Dileo was leaving his phone message . "  He appeared quite week  sic  and fatigued this evening , " Ortega wrote . "  He had a terrible case of the chills , was trembling , rambling and obsessing . Everything in me says he should be psychologically evaluated . " Murray 's iPhone also contained e-mail attachments that appeared to be Jackson 's medical records sent by Murray 's office assistant to the doctor , who was gathering them for a British insurance agent who was arranging cancellation insurance for Jackson 's London concerts . The insurers were concerned about news reports that Jackson was seen "  at various times using a wheelchair " and that he suffered a back injury , lupus , emphysema and cancer , according to an e-mail from the agent to the doctor . Jackson refused to authorize the release of his medical records to the insurance company , Murray wrote back , but he added concerning the news reports of illnesses , "  let me say they 're all fallicious  sic  to the best of my knowledge . " One record shown in court , kept under the alias "  Omar Arnold , " indicated that in September 2008 , Murray diagnosed Jackson with insomnia and anxiety . It showed he treated him with valium and Xanax . Files from the phone suggest Murray was dealing with the insurance agent 's request around the same time he said he was struggling to help Jackson go to sleep with sedatives . The prosecution wants to show jurors that Murray was distracted by a long list of phone calls and e-mails , causing him to neglect Jackson , who stopped breathing and died . Prosecutors argue that Murray , who was Jackson 's personal doctor as he prepared for planned comeback concerts , is criminally responsible for the singer 's death because of medical negligence and his reckless use of the propofol to help Jackson sleep . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license .	Dr. Conrad Murray 's police interview to be played in court The doctor who did Jackson 's autopsy should testify soon Jurors hear Jackson 's voice telling doctor , "  I hurt " "  I did n't have a childhood , " Jackson says in drugged recording
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate focused Wednesday on an energy efficiency bill while House Republicans argued among themselves over funding Obamacare as Congress shifted its focus from the Syria crisis in order to give new diplomatic efforts a chance to succeed . In his nationally televised address Tuesday night , President Barack Obama said he asked legislators to hold off on voting on his requested authorization to attack Syria over chemical weapons while his administration negotiates with Russia on putting Syrian stockpiles under international control . "  Congress will be watching these negotiations very closely , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , warned Wednesday . "  If there is any indication they 're not serious or they 're being used as a ploy to delay , then Congress stands ready to return to that Syria resolution " that would authorize a military strike on Syria . Obama accuses Syrian President Bashar al-Assad of a major sarin gas attack last month on suburban Damascus that killed more than 1,400 people . The president tried to generate an international coalition to attack Syria for violating chemical weapons bans , but Russia blocked any U.N. action and the British Parliament voted against taking part to deny the president a normally reliable NATO ally . He then went to Congress for authorization , but appeared in danger of rejection by legislators reflecting public opposition to military strikes . Analysis : Is Obama a winner or loser on Syria ? However , the sudden emergence Monday of a diplomatic opening by Russia , which proposed having Syria give up control of its chemical weapons , caused Obama to ask Congress for time to pursue negotiations before any vote on military action . So instead of taking up a resolution authorizing a military response to Syria , the Senate considered a bipartisan bill to improve energy efficiency in the United States . Senators agreed to bar any Syria-related amendments to the energy bill , assuring that heated political rhetoric in Washington wo n't corrode the negotiations Secretary of State John Kerry will conduct on Thursday and Friday in Geneva with his Russian counterpart . U.N. blames both sides in civil war Off the Senate floor , however , talks continued behind the scenes among a group of bipartisan senators on changes to the resolution that Reid said would be taken up if the negotiations with Russia fail . New language yet to be finalized takes into account Syria 's recent acknowledgment that it possesses chemical weapons . It would authorize the president to attack Syria for failing to fully comply with the Chemical Weapons Convention and turn its stockpiles over to the international community . "  I think we 've all settled into the fact that until we know what agreement is made with another nation ... it 's kind of hard to craft something , " said Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee . Corker also criticized Obama 's speech to the nation , saying the president failed to effectively make the case that U.S. credibility was on the line in Syria . "  The president just seems to be very uncomfortable being commander in chief of this nation , " he told CNN . On the House side , Republican leaders say they 'll wait for the Senate to act on a Syria resolution before taking up the matter . Meanwhile , Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland said he and colleagues are working on revisions to a resolution that they will propose "  if and when the president determines that it would be necessary to proceed with that kind of legislation . " "  So we agree that we should take a pause , " Van Hollen said . Instead , House Republican leaders dealt with an internal revolt . They postponed a vote scheduled for Thursday on government funding legislation until next week after many conservatives made it clear they would reject the measure because it includes money for Obamacare . The politically charged health care law was approved with no Republican support in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Now conservatives are targeting bureaucratic and funding steps required to get new programs under the legislation running this fall . CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	A resolution authorizing military strikes on Syria is put on hold The Senate takes up energy legislation instead The delay provides time for negotiations on a diplomatic solution Sen. Reid : If negotiations fail , the resolution comes back up
CNN  -- The owner of a company linked to a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak cited his constitutional right to remain silent Wednesday before a congressional subcommittee investigating the firm and 32 deaths nationwide . Barry Cadden , owner and director of the New England Compounding Center , was questioned by Rep. Cliff Stearns , R-Florida , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee 's Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations . Cadden was subpoenaed to appear before the body , his spokesman said . FDA : Problems found at another facility of pharmacy 's sister company "  Let me be clear , Mr. Cadden , " Stearns said . "  Again , are you refusing to answer the questions on the basis of the protections afforded to you under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution ? " "  Under the advice of counsel , I respectfully decline to answer on the basis of my constitutional rights and privileges , " Cadden said . Stearns : "  Will you invoke your Fifth Amendment rights in response to all questions today ? " Cadden : "  Yes . " Stearns then excused Cadden and advised him the subcommittee may recall him . "  Thank you , Mr. Chairman , " Cadden said . The subcommittee is investigating what went wrong at the compounding company and why it was able to continue to function despite a history of problems . More health woes for some meningitis patients The fungal meningitis outbreak has killed 32 people in seven states as of Friday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on its website . It also reports of a total of 438 cases linked to the outbreak . Patients contracted the deadly fungal meningitis after being injected in their spines with a contaminated preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . The New England Compounding Center voluntarily recalled three lots . Meanwhile , federal authorities have launched a criminal investigation into the practices at the Framingham-based company , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick has said . In addition , the state Board of Registration in Pharmacy has voted to revoke permanently the company 's license to operate in Massachusetts as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists , Patrick said . FDA : Drug maker had internal warnings months before outbreak CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Barry Cadden is subpoenaed to appear before a congressional subcommittee He 's owner and director of the New England Compounding Center ' I respectfully decline to answer on the basis of my constitutional rights , ' he tells the panel The subcommittee is investigating what went wrong at his company
CNN  Winter will end . The sun will shine again . But if you ca n't stand another day of toe-numbing temperatures , start thinking about an escape to one of TripAdvisor 's picks for the world 's best beaches . The travel site announced 332 winners of its annual Travelers ' Choice awards for beaches Wednesday . The awards are based on the quantity and quality of traveler reviews for beaches gathered over 12 months . In addition to a global winners list , top beaches are listed by regions and countries , including lists for Africa , Asia , the Caribbean , Europe , South America , the South Pacific , the United Kingdom and the United States . The world 's best beach ? That would be Baia do Sancho on the Brazilian island of Fernando de Noronha . For the second year in a row , the golden crescent hugged by rocky cliffs has earned the No. 1 spot on the global list . Grace Bay in Providenciales , Turks and Caicos , has also retained its ranking as the No. 2 Travelers ' Choice beach in the world . Here are TripAdvisor 's top 10 beaches in the world : 1 . Baia do Sancho , Fernando de Noronha , Brazil 2 . Grace Bay , Providenciales , Turks and Caicos 3 . Rabbit Beach , Lampedusa , Italy 4 . Playa Paraiso Beach , Cayo Largo , Cuba 5 . Playa de Ses Illetes , Formentera , Spain 6 . Anse Lazio , Praslin Island , Seychelles 7 . White Beach , Boracay , Philippines 8 . Flamenco Beach , Culebra , Puerto Rico 9 . Whitehaven Beach , Whitsunday Islands , Australia 10 . Elafonissi Beach , Elafonissi , Crete , Greece TripAdvisor offers booking and rate comparisons at hotels and resorts in each location . World 's most spectacular cliffside beaches On the Travelers ' Choice list for the United States , Florida made huge gains on Hawaii this year . According to TripAdvisor search traffic , interest in top 10-ranked Florida beaches is up on average 69 % year-over-year . Last year 's list featured Hawaiian beaches in seven of the top 10 spots , with only two Florida beaches listed in the top 10 . This year , six Florida beaches ranked in the top 10 , with only three in Hawaii . This year 's No. 1 U.S. beach , Siesta Beach in Siesta Key , Florida , edged out last year 's top ranked Lanikai Beach in Kailua , Hawaii . Here are 2015 's top 10 U.S. beaches : 1 . Siesta Beach , Siesta Key , Florida 2 . St. Pete Beach , St. Petersburg , Florida 3 . Ka'anapali Beach , Lahaina , Maui , Hawaii 4 . Wai'anapanapa State Park , Hana , Maui , Hawaii 5 . Pensacola Beach , Pensacola Beach , Florida 6 . La Jolla Cove , La Jolla , California 7 . Kailua Beach Park , Kailua , Oahu , Hawaii 8 . Clearwater Beach , Clearwater , Florida 9 . St. Augustine Beach , St. Augustine , Florida 10 . Beach at Panama City , Panama City Beach , Florida	A Brazilian beach ranks No. 1 for the second year in a row on TripAdvisor 's beaches list The best beach in the U.S. is in Florida this year , edging out last year 's Hawaii winner
CNN  -- DNA evidence links a now-dead American convict to the murder of a Canadian teenager who disappeared in 1974 , authorities in British Columbia said Tuesday . Bobby Jack Fowler , who died in an Oregon prison in 2006 , is responsible for the murder of 16-year-old Colleen MacMillen , Inspector Gary Shinkaruk of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said at a news conference . Authorities said while the case is closed on MacMillen 's death , investigations continue into the abductions and killings of other women in the same region of Canada , and the search is still on for information in those cases . "  Today 's announcement and public plea for assistance is a significant milestone in our commitment to solving a series of missing and murdered women investigations in British Columbia , " said Deputy Commissioner Craig Callens , commanding officer of the RCMP in British Columbia . New DNA work may offer break in 36-year-old Michigan slayings On August 9 , 1974 , MacMillen disappeared near Highway 97 in Lac La Hache , British Columbia , according to Shinkaruk . She was found dead 47 kilometers  about 29 miles  south of her last known location . A DNA profile of an unknown male was established in 2007 from evidence in her case , but Canada 's National Crime Scene Databank did not turn up a match , Shinkaruk said . A higher-quality sample was submitted to INTERPOL in 2012 , and the new sample was matched with Fowler . The development brings to a close one of 18 open cases in British Columbia involving women who went missing , with some later found murdered , stretching back to 1969 . The cases are being investigated by a task force named Project E-Pana . The mission of the Project E-Pana is to solve the homicides of 13 women and the disappearances of another five women who remain missing , according to Shinkaruk . The name of the task force comes from an Inuit word describing the spirit goddess that looks after souls , according to the RCMP website . Fowler has been ruled out as a suspect in eight of the eighteen cases , though he remains a "  person of interest " in the remaining nine open cases . Fowler also has been named as a suspect in the 1995 murders of two Oregon teenage girls and as a person of interest in a 1992 double homicide , according to the district attorney 's office in Lincoln County , Oregon . "  Our heartfelt sympathies go out to the families of the victims of these crimes , " Canadian Minister of Public Safety Victor Toews said in a statement . "  Anyone with information about this individual should come forward as soon as possible , " he added , referring to Fowler 's movements through the region during the time that the killings and abductions occurred . Fowler , 66 , was arrested in 1995 for a violent attack on a woman in Oregon , and died in a prison there six years ago . Shinkaruk said his office has released photos and a video of Fowler . The RCMP has also created a timeline for Fowler 's movements over the last 40 years , and Shinkaruk called on citizens of Canada and the United States to think back to the 1970s , '80s and '90s and contact the RCMP with any new information in the still-open cases . More from CNN Justice : Suspect in St. Maarten deaths in court High school soccer players accused of hazing , sexual assault Family , volunteers , police search for missing Florida student	16-year-old Colleen MacMillen was murdered in British Columbia in 1974 On Tuesday , Canadian authorities said DNA tied an American man to her death The man , Bobby Jack Fowler , died in a U.S. prison in 2006 But he remains a "  person of interest " in 9 cases of missing or murdered Canadian women
RollingStone.com  -- "  Glee " creator Ryan Murphy is reportedly Sony Pictures ' top pick to direct the forthcoming remake of the musical "  Annie " starring Willow Smith . The movie is being produced by Smith 's parents Will and Jada Pinkett Smith and their partners in a joint venture with Jay-Z . RollingStone.com : The Rocky Horror ` Glee ' show Though it 's too early to tell whether Murphy will be interested in the project , much less have the time for it given his schedule as the executive producer of "  Glee , " Sony 's offer cements him as Hollywood 's top man for musicals . He 's already been courted by Fox to remake the "  Rocky Horror Picture Show " and Universal to make a film adaptation of the Broadway hit "  Wicked . " See the original article on RollingStone.com Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Ryan Murphy is reportedly Sony Pictures ' top pick to direct remake Film is set to star Willow Smith , produced by Will and Jada-Pinkett Smith Murphy may not have time to do the project because of "  Glee "
What a difference two years makes . When Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar in 2012 , there was much fanfare about the country 's political reforms and apparent road to democracy after decades of oppressive military rule . But as Obama and other world leaders gather in Myanmar this week for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  summit , the situation is not as rosy as many had hoped . "  Parts of the reform effort have stalled , parts have moved forward , and parts we 've even seen things move backward , " Deputy U.S. National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said Thursday . "  So I think it 's a mixed picture . " Two years after Obama 's historic visit , Myanmar 's parliament is still largely dominated by the military . And the human rights crisis faced by the Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state is as dire as ever . ` Internment camps ' The crisis in Rakhine state began in May 2012 , when the rape and murder of a Buddhist woman by Muslim men ignited long-standing tensions between the Rakhine Buddhist majority and Rohingya Muslims . In 2012 , clashes between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingyas , a long-oppressed linguistic and ethnic minority in this majority Buddhist country , left hundreds of people dead and more than 140,000 people homeless . Across Rakhine state , more than 130,000 other displaced people are trapped in 67 camps . The majority of them are de facto stateless Muslims , living under apartheid-like conditions . Most have been there since the violence in October 2012 , after their villages were destroyed . They endure wretched conditions , such as frequent flooding and filthy water . Skin diseases and gastrointestinal problems are common . But they ca n't leave without police escort . That rule is "  to prevent further clashes and  ensure  their safety , " Minister of Information Ye Htut told CNN . But the settlements "  have essentially become internment camps " for about 140,000 people , according to a report by the International Crisis Group . "  People have been here two years and they have nothing . Nothing , " a humanitarian worker said . "  The desperation is extremely high , and it 's increasing . " President Thein Sein reportedly told a visiting United Nations delegation that the government did not recognize the Rohingya as citizens of Myanmar , also known as Burma , and was planning to install them in refugee camps until another country could be found to take them . Obama and the Burmese president will meet this week . Joshua Kurlantzick , a senior fellow for Southeast Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations , said Obama should pressure the Myanmar government to push ahead with political changes and rethink its "  racist " plan for the Rohingya . But a senior U.S. official cautioned not to expect any major leaps forward any time soon . "  I do n't think we 're going to see breakthroughs in the short term , " said Tom Malinowski , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for human rights and labor . "  Burma was an opening to a breakthrough , and it 's one that we always knew would take years to move from its starting point to its finishing point . " Stunted democracy On top of the Rohingya human rights crisis , Myanmar is no where near the democratic country that some had hoped for . After decades in power , the country 's military junta stepped down , and a civilian government was sworn in to office in 2011 . But the military still has substantial power . The country 's current constitution stipulates that 25 % of the seats in parliament are held by members of the military , and the military has veto power . Obama will meet with fellow Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi on Friday . The pro-democracy icon spent years under house arrest by the country 's military rulers before becoming a parliamentarian in 2012 . While many democracy advocates want Suu Kyi to run for president next year , the government prohibits it . The Burmese constitution , written by the military in 2008 , forbids anyone married to a foreigner to become president . Suu Kyi 's husband , who died in 1999 , was British . Even Suu Kyi has come under criticism for staying largely silent on the Rohingya crisis .	World leaders are gathering in Myanmar for the ASEAN summit Obama could discuss plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar The government does not recognize Rohingyas as citizens Obama will meet with Aung San Suu Kyi , who has been criticized for her silence on the issue
CNN  -- Serena Williams is through to her ninth Miami Masters final after beating Maria Sharapova at Crandon Park on Thursday . Defending champion Williams trailed early on in the match before powering her way past her Russian opponent in straight sets 6-4 6-3 . Sharapova had worked an early lead , breaking in the fourth game of the opening set and led 4-1 at one stage . But her advantage was short-lived as Williams reeled off five games in a row to close out the set . The fourth seed broke Williams again in the second game of the second set to steal an early advantage , but any momentum gained was immediately lost as the world No. 1 broke back in the very next game . Further breaks in the seventh and finally the ninth game sealed Sharapova 's fate , dashing hopes that she could break her duck in a tournament where she has finished runner-up on five occasions . "  It was n't easy , " Williams said afterwards . "  Obviously Maria plays really well , and she 's done really well here , so I just decided I had to do a little better , stay focused and make more shots . " This latest defeat is the Russian 's 15th in a row against the American -- a sequence which stretches all the way back to 2004 . Williams will play Li Na in Saturday 's final after China 's world No. 2 beat Dominika Cibulkova in a rematch of January 's Australian Open title match . It went to three sets , as did their quarterfinal clash at Indian Wells this month , before Li prevailed 7-5 2-6 6-3 against the Slovakian 10th seed to become the first player from her country to reach the Miami final . The 32-year-old is seeking to end a run of nine consecutive defeats against Williams , the last of which was in the final of last season 's WTA Championships . "  It 's a good challenge , I think , " she said . "  Here we can really see how I 've improved in these three , four months . " World No. 1 Rafael Nadal fought his way into the men 's semifinals , where he will face 2010 runner-up Tomas Berdych . The Spaniard needed to come from behind against big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic , winning 4-6 6-2 6-4 in two hours and 35 minutes . "  For me to be in semifinals after losing early in Indian Wells is very important for my confidence , " said Nadal , a three-time losing finalist in the hard-court tournament . Nadal has a 16-match winning streak against Berdych , who will return to the top five in the rankings after earlier battling past Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-4 7-6  7/3  in the third quarterfinal . It was the Czech 's 450th ATP Tour victory , making him just the ninth active player to achieve that milestone . "  He was a very tricky opponent , " said Berdych . "  Even the conditions were not the perfect way that I really like . It was quite windy , so it was a little bit more difficult . But I handled it quite well . " World No. 2 Novak Djokovic and Japan 's Kei Nishikori , who beat Andy Murray and Roger Federer respectively in their quarterfinal ties , will contest the first semifinal on Friday . Read more : Roger Federer upset by Kei Nishikori Watch : Venus Williams fights incurable disease	Serena Williams advances to Miami Masters final with straight sets semifinal win Defending champion beats Maria Sharapova for 15th time in a row American will next face Australian Open champion Li Na Men 's No. 1 Rafael Nadal sets up semifinal clash with Tomas Berdych
CNN  -- If there is anyone who embodies the fighting spirit of Japan 's disaster-laden year , it is Homare Sawa . The 33-year-old is the captain of Japan 's women 's soccer team who lifted the FIFA Women 's World Cup in Germany last June . Despite being huge underdogs her team made it through to the final of the tournament where they beat the highly fancied United States . Before the competition began the team had little financial backing and was practically ignored by the Japanese public still reeling from the earthquake , tsunami and nuclear disaster in Fukushima . So when the Japanese talk about "  ganbaro "  Japanese for standing firm in the face of unspeakable odds  , Sawa 's success is a shining example of how it 's possible . "  We fought for ourselves and for Japan , " says Sawa . Before the matches at the World Cup , Japan 's coach showed the team images of tsunami-devastated towns where nearly 20,000 people perished . "  It was hard to believe the images were of Japan . I became very sad , even though it was right before our matches . The images urged us to move forward as a team and we strongly felt that we had to get to the finals . We were very thankful that we could play soccer when there are many people affected by the earthquake , " says Sawa . As the team progressed through the competition , the final loomed against the U.S. . Japan had not managed to beat the Americans in 25 previous matches . "  For some strange reason , I just did n't feel like we could lose , " says Sawa . "  I 'm not sure why , perhaps a sixth sense . It was n't just me either . My teammates were also feeling like we could n't lose . Maybe we felt this way because Japan was giving us power . " Across Japan , fans watched in the early morning hours , crying and screaming as their team won against all the odds . The fairy tale was n't over for Sawa , who was recently named FIFA 's female player of the year . It was the high point of a career spent toiling in a sport that 's unappreciated in Japan and underfunded by sponsors . Around 25,000 girls play football in Japan , but there are no professional leagues for women . Sawa herself played on a boy 's team . The pay gap between the genders is stark and most of the members of Sawa 's World Cup team have full time jobs and could only train in the evenings . Sawa now sees that lack of opportunity as an asset . "  Thinking back now , my technique probably improved because I played with boys and perhaps I became mentally stronger , too , because I did n't want to lose to them , " she says . Sawa emerged as a gifted athlete , making her first international debut at the age of 15 . She says she believed she would be married by the age of 28 and have children . But the dream of being the world 's best player kept her on the pitch . That dream has been achieved and Sawa is now looking ahead to the Olympic Games in London . She hopes the disparity between men 's and women 's teams in Japan will close if her team can bring home a medal . "  If we can do well at the Olympics , maybe some players may switch from having to work full-time to part-time . " When asked if she feels she is a national symbol , Sawa laughs and shakes her head . "  No , no , no . Not at all , " she says . She acknowledges that her win inspired Japanese fans and she does offer advice to young girls who want to achieve in sport . "  It has been a long time since I set the goal of winning the World Cup and I want to communicate the importance of having a goal , " she said . "  It 's easy for people to want to see results quickly , but it takes time . I 'd encourage them to keep at it . "	Homare Sawa is captain of Japan 's World Cup winning soccer team Her team were shown images of tsunami before matches at the World Cup last year Sawa was named FIFA 's female player of the year in 2011 Denies being a national symbol and puts success down to hard work
CNN  -- Former motorcycling star Casey Stoner has ended speculation about his future by confirming he will switch to four wheels to drive in a V8 Supercar , but not before taking a sideswipe at officials and fans . The two-time world champion quit the elite MotoGP class at the end of the 2012 season , having announced his premature departure last May . "  I just fell out of love with the sport . We had a lack of respect from a lot of people around the sport and I did n't like the direction it was taking , " he was quoted in Australia 's Daily Telegraph newspaper on the same day he confirmed his new career move on Twitter . "  We got spat at  by fans  , they tried to knock us off scooters going from the motor homes to the pits , everything like that . " The 27-year-old Australian said the death of Italian star Marco Simoncelli at the Malaysian Grand Prix in 2011 had also been a major factor in his decision . "  We lost a rider a couple of years ago and within a month it was like it never happened , " Stoner claimed . "  They want to see biff and barge and they do n't realize our lives are on the line . We became puppets in that world and it had nothing to do with racing . " Stoner will drive for Red Bull Racing Australia in 2013 , competing in a car which won the 2010 edition of the famous Bathurst motor race . He tweeted : "  Very happy to have a chance to race with @redbullracingAU in the Dunlop Series this year . Looking forward to getting on track at Clipsal ! " Stoner , who has previously tested sports cars , will initially compete in a development series . His former arch rival in MotoGP , Italian legend Valentino Rossi has also been linked in the past with a move to four wheels with Ferrari . But seven-time champion Rossi has stayed loyal to MotoGP and will return to Yamaha for the 2013 season . Meanwhile , Stoner will carry over his famous No. 27 from his former sport into motor racing . Injuries from a crash in May cost him the chance of winning a third world title last season , but he signed off for Repsol Honda with a win in front of his home fans at Philip Island in November . He started out in the 125cc class in the early 2000s before moving up to MotoGP in 2006 , and won the world title the following year and again in 2011 .	Motorcycling star Casey Stoner confirms his switch to sports car racing Two-time MotoGP world champion will drive a V8 Supercar this year Stoner criticizes some MotoGP fans for their behavior , saying he was spat at Australian says he "  fell out of love " with motorcycling after 10-year career
CNN  -- A Virginia grand jury indicted six Colombian nationals Thursday for the kidnapping and murder of a Drug Enforcement Administration agent in the South American country during an attempted robbery last month , federal authorities said . Special Agent James "  Terry " Watson died after being stabbed in a taxi in Bogota , Colombia , on June 20 . He was assigned to the DEA unit in Cartagena and was on temporary duty in Bogota . The six defendants operated a robbery and kidnapping conspiracy using cabs in Bogota to lure victims , and the driver of the cab would signal to conspirators to commence the abduction and robbery , the U.S. Justice Department said in a statement . Watson was allegedly shocked with a stun gun by one defendant and stabbed with a knife by another defendant , the Justice Department said . 10 things to know before visiting Colombia Watson , 42 , had been watching the last game of the NBA finals at a Bogota restaurant at night and left in a taxi , a State Department spokesman said last month . Investigators believe Watson 's cab stopped at a traffic light and his assailants jumped out of two other cabs , which pulled up on either side of the vehicle in which he was riding , a law enforcement official said . According to the official , Watson managed to escape from the cab and was taken to a hospital , where he died . In Colombia , such attacks are known as "  millionaire rides . " Authorities said the suspects they arrested were part of a gang known for millionaire ride robberies . The DEA said Watson was a 13-year veteran of the agency . He had been sent to Afghanistan three times on counternarcotics trafficking assignments and had previously served in the Army and worked for the U.S. Marshals Service . The indictment sends "  an unmistakable message to all who commit acts of violence against America 's law enforcement professionals : no matter who you are or where you live , we will do everything in our power to hold you accountable to the fullest extent of the law , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . Indicted were : -- Gerardo Figueroa Sepulveda , 38 . -- Omar Fabian Valdes Gualtero , 27 . -- Edgar Javier Bello Murillo , 26 . -- Hector Leonardo Lopez , 23 . -- Julio Estiven Gracia Ramierez , 30 . -- Andr  s Alvaro Oviedo-Garcia , 21 . Each of them was charged with two counts of second-degree murder , one count of kidnapping and one count of conspiracy to kidnap . Oviedo-Garcia was also charged with two counts of assault . The federal grand jury in Virginia also indicted Wilson Daniel Peralta-Bocachica , 30 , a Colombian national , for his allegedly trying to destroy evidence in Watson 's murder , the Justice Department said.col TV reported . The United States will request extradition of the suspects , but it has not yet done so formally , a law enforcement official said . U.S. officials have extradited and prosecuted suspects accused of killing U.S. federal agents in the past . Read more : Colombia arrests fake nuns with cocaine under their habits	Six Colombians accused of operating a robbery and kidnapping ring out of cabs These attacks in the South American country are called "  millionaire rides " DEA Special Agent James "  Terry " Watson died after being stabbed in a cab robbery
CNN  -- Food and Drug Administration officials plan to investigate whether a form of caffeine sold in lipstick-shaped containers is safe for consumers . The inventor touts AeroShot as caffeine without the coffee , soda , tea or a pill , but a U.S. lawmaker questions whether it 's safe . The product comes in a lipstick-shaped dispenser that puffs out a powdery mixture of caffeine and B vitamins into your mouth , where it dissolves and is swallowed . Pre-filled devices can be purchased online or in convenience stores in New York and Boston for about $ 3 . "  No calories . No liquid . No limits , " its website says . "  Hitting the books . Hitting the gym . Taking a roadtrip . Staying awake at your desk after devouring a bacon double cheeseburger at lunch . AeroShot is specifically designed with you in mind . " But New York 's Sen. Charles Schumer said he has some concerns . "  This product could be very dangerous , " Schumer said . "  There might be legitimate uses . The business man staying up late who does n't want to drink that cup of coffee , that 's OK . But what about kids who go to bars and take several shots of AeroShot so they can drink more ? " Schumer sent a letter to the Food and Drug Administration in December urging it to examine the safety and legality of the product . The FDA said it will review the senator 's concerns and respond to him directly . AeroShot inventor David Edwards says the product is safe and was "  thoroughly tested " before it was introduced . "  There are energy shots on the market that have 10 times the amount of caffeine in a single energy shot than we have in the AeroShot ... The fact is we do n't have that much caffeine in the product , " he said . One AeroShot contains 100 milligrams of caffeine dispensed in three to six puffs . "  The amount of caffeine that you would get from one puff of AeroShot is equivalent to about the amount of caffeine in a decaffeinated large Starbucks coffee , so it 's really not that much caffeine , " said David Schardt , a Senior Nutritionist at The Center for Science in the Public Interest . "  For most healthy adults , moderate doses of caffeine  $ " 200mg to 300mg , or about two to four cups of brewed coffee a day are n't harmful , " according to The Mayo Clinic . It warns more than 500mg or 600mg daily can cause problems like insomnia , fast heartbeat , muscle tremors and stomach upset . Schumer has said he is worried that the product could go on sale without government testing . "  The bottom line is this product asks more questions than we have answers and to have it on our shelves before those questions are answered is a serious , serious , serious mistake , " he said in a news conference Sunday . AeroShots fall under the FDA regulations for "  dietary supplements . " Those products include vitamin C pills at the drug store , some weight loss products and certain energy drinks . The company making them is responsible "  for determining that the dietary supplements it manufactures or distributes are safe and that any representations or claims made about them are substantiated by adequate evidence to show that they are not false or misleading , " according to the FDA website . It 's rare for the agency to prohibit a supplement . In 2004 , it stopped the sale of the diet supplement Ephedra , but only after deaths and other serious side effects were reported . "  Manufactures are free , basically , to sell almost any product they want and to make any claims they want about dietary supplements " Schardt said . "  It 's the burden of the Food and Drug Administration to prove that a product is unsafe and the dietary supplement industry has lawyers to defend their products and it 's a long involved process . "	Inventor touts AeroShot as caffeine without the coffee , soda or tea But New York Sen. Charles Schumer says he has some concerns "  This product could be very dangerous , " he says The product comes in a dispenser that puffs out a powdery mixture of caffeine and B vitamins into your mouth
CNN  -- "  She said YES !!! " That was the tweet that NBA star Dwyane Wade used Saturday to announce his engagement to actress Gabrielle Union . Wade made the announcement via Twitter and Instagram , posting a photo of the stunning solitaire diamond . Wade , 31 , a guard with the Miami Heat , and the 41-year-old Union have been dating several years . Among Wade 's many accomplishments , according to his website , are winning a gold medal in the 2008 Olympics , being named one of People magazine 's 50 Most Beautiful People and earning back-to-back NBA championship rings -- in 2012 and 2013 . Union may be best known for some of her film roles , including "  Bring It On " , "  Meet Dave " and "  10 Things I Hate About You . " There 's no word yet whether the couple has set a date . CNN 's Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	NBA star Dwyane Wade gets engaged to actress Gabrielle Union Wade announces the engagement on Twitter and Instagram
CNN  -- A military judge has accepted a plea deal that drops the most serious charges against a brigadier general -- formerly one of the top Army commanders in Afghanistan -- who 'd been accused of sexual assault , a Fort Bragg spokeswoman told CNN on Monday . In the final case to be resolved , Jeffrey Sinclair is pleading guilty to adultery and mistreating his accuser in a deal that will see the sexual assault and sodomy charges against him dropped , his defense team said . Sinclair earlier this month pleaded guilty to other charges , including committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and obstruction of justice . Prosecutors said he broke military law through sexual relationships -- including threats to some women involved who held lower ranks -- between 2009 and 2012 in Iraq , Afghanistan and Germany , as well as Fort Bragg , North Carolina , and Fort Hood , Texas . Sentencing in the court-martial at Fort Bragg was scheduled for Monday afternoon . Defense attorney Richard Scheff applauded the deal in the last case Sunday while attacking the Pentagon , which the defense has accused of interfering , and Sinclair 's accuser in that case , an Army captain the defense has painted as a jilted lover who was upset that the general would n't leave his wife . "  After wasting millions of taxpayer dollars , the Army finally admitted what it 's known for many months : General Sinclair is innocent of sexual assault . Two successive prosecutors agreed that these charges should be dropped , as did two successive staff judge advocates , " Scheff said in a statement . He continued : "  The government understood that if it allowed BG Sinclair 's accuser to be cross-examined , she would be caught in a thick web of her own lies . It should n't have taken two years for them to come to this conclusion , but they were driven by politics rather than justice . " According to defense team spokesman Josh Zeitz , Sinclair and the government agreed to a maximum cap on penalties , and the general will receive the lesser of two sentences : either the terms agreed upon by the defense and prosecution , or the sentence issued by the military judge . The deal conforms to what Zeitz earlier said was Sinclair 's condition for a plea deal : None of the charges to which he 's pleading guilty will land him on a sex offender registry . Scheff said that the "  reputational and financial costs " Sinclair has suffered because of "  false rape allegations " should be factored into his sentencing . The testimony of the general 's accuser in the final case was never fully aired . She testified for several hours on March 7 , telling the court that the affair started with intimate exchanges and evolved into groping and demands for sex and oral sex , CNN affiliate WTVD reported . She also said the general threatened to kill her and her family , the station reported . She was scheduled to continue her testimony on March 10 , but Col. James Pohl , the presiding judge in the court-martial , dismissed the jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerged that appear to point to alleged Pentagon interference in the case . At least one of the e-mails also seemed to indicate that a senior Army official felt the accuser had a credibility issue . While Pohl said there may have been "  undue command influence " by Pentagon officials , he declined the defense team 's request that he drop charges against Sinclair . Pohl instead ordered that the general be provided a possible plea deal . The defense team said Sunday that the plea deal put a stop to all three charges that would necessitate sex offender status for Sinclair , as well as a charge of defrauding the government and a charge that alleged "  Sinclair ` coerced and compelled ' his accuser to remain in their three-year , consensual relationship . " The 27-year Army veteran will instead agree that his failure to end the relationship resulted in his accuser 's emotional discomfort and distress , as did his refusal to divorce his wife and marry his accuser , the defense statement said . The general will also plead guilty to mistreating his accuser , which the defense team noted is "  an infraction unique to the Uniform Code of Military Justice . " Retired Rear Adm. Jamie Barnett , the accuser 's attorney , said Monday that "  our client stands by her sworn testimony in open court that Gen. Sinclair sexually assaulted her . " "  Gen. Sinclair has just pleaded guilty to multiple charges that clearly undermine his integrity and honesty for at least the last five years of his career , " Barnett said in an e-mailed statement . "  The strength of  our client 's  testimony convicted him . It is ludicrous for his attorneys to claim , completely without support , that the charges of sexual assault were false . " Once the deputy commander of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division , Sinclair was moved to the North Carolina post from Afghanistan in 2012 , the same year the last alleged incidents occurred and when he was originally charged . Sinclair 's attorneys filed a Freedom of Information Act request for all Pentagon e-mail communication including keywords in the Sinclair case , identifying about 10,000 e-mails among a dozen senior Pentagon officials , Zeitz said . The Pentagon was reviewing the communications and would probably release them slowly , Zeitz said last week , but if something pivotal arose in those e-mails , the defense would file another motion to dismiss charges .	Sexual assault and sodomy charges against Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair to be dropped Defense attorney says costs of "  false rape allegations " should be factored into sentencing General had said he would n't plead guilty to charges that put him on a sex offender registry U.S. agrees to sentence cap ; general knows maximum penalty , defense says
AOL Autos  -- With car companies going in into bankruptcy and shedding famous names left and right , it 's important to remember that today 's automotive titans started out as tiny startups , not unlike Silicon Valley entrepreneurs . General Motors was almost called International Motors Co. . Names like Ford , General Motors , Chrysler , Toyota and Porsche call to mind the huge corporate successes of the past and the great automotive families that survive today . But behind every brand name , there is a flesh-and-blood inventor , entrepreneur or industrialist . Most of the time , they gave their name to the companies . And that fame was often about all they ended up with . David Buick , who invented the overhead valve engine , founded the Buick Motor Car Co. in 1903 . William C. Durant , the industrialist who would eventually found GM , took over the company in 1904 , when it ran into financial trouble . Buick stayed on as a director , but left in 1908 , never making much money from the enterprise . He reportedly died in 1929 , unable to afford one of his cars . Durant kept the name for one of his company divisions and for the car , even though he worried that people might pronounce it "  Boo-ick , " according to one author . Strangely enough , the man who practically created General Motors single-handedly never really liked the idea of a ` Durant ' car . In another example , Robert Hupp invented the Hupmobile , ' a two-seat runabout , in 1908 . But he sold his stock in his Hupp Motor Car Company in 1911 . He turned around and founded the Hupp Corp. that same year . Investors in his first firm took him to court to make him drop the "  Hupp " from his new company 's name and they won . His own automotive glory quickly faded , although the Hupmobile survived until the 1940s . Swiss-born Louis Chevrolet 's experience was similar . Durant brought him into a new car-building venture in 1911 , hoping to trade on his fame as an absolutely fearless race car driver . Chevrolet left the company in 1913 , apparently unable to make the adjustment from racing to building production vehicles . But its name stuck to the new Chevrolet vehicles ; Durant reportedly liked its musical lilt . It could also work the other way around . In 1925 , Walter P. Chrysler got the naming rights to the Maxwell Motor Co. after he and another industrialist steadily bought up shares in the firm over a two-year period . Things turned out a little differently for Henry Ford . He suffered the ignominy of being booted from an early auto company that bore his own name . But his revenge was sweet . The Henry Ford Company , which traded freely on Ford 's early fame as an inventor , fired him in 1902 "  because he was spending all his time developing a race car , not a passenger car , " according to the Encyclopedia of American Business and Biography . AOL Autos : Ford 's ` Wonder Woman ' engineers most important new car After Ford was gone , the company was renamed Cadillac , after Antoine Laumet de la Mothe Cadillac , the French nobleman who founded Detroit in 1703 ; his heraldry became the model 's badge and the company became a part of General Motors in 1909 . After his firing , Ford quickly found investors to help him found his own firm , the Ford Motor Co. , in 1903 . He introduced the company 's first new vehicle , the Model and followed it up with other low-cost vehicles , including his greatest achievement , the Model T , in 1908 . Its price tag started at $ 850 and fell steadily as Ford introduced more production innovations . The young firm became phenomenally successful . AOL Autos : 10 classic American rides In the 1920s , he got the chance to buy the five-year-old Lincoln Motor Co. out of bankruptcy . It was then owned by one of the very people , Henry Leland , who fired him in 1902 . Then he used the former aircraft company to launch his own line of luxury cars bearing the Lincoln name . For its part , General Motors almost did n't get the name it bears today . Durant actually incorporated his company under the name "  International Motors Co. " , in New Jersey in 1908 . But his attorney advised him that it would be easier to raise capital under a new name . "  We might use ` United Motors Company ' were it not for the fact that there is already a United Motor Car Company in that state , " the attorney wrote . "  We suggest the name General Motors Company , as we have ascertained it can be used . " A newly coined French word , auto-mobile , inspired many vehicle names of the early years . Inventor Ransom E. Olds filed a patent for an "  auto-mobile " during the mid-1890s . Names like Bugmobile , Locomobile , Hupmobile , and of course , the Oldsmobile , could not have come along without it . The origins of some names can be tricky to trace . The first use of Jeep , for instance . is shrouded in mist . Jim Allen , the author of a book called "  Jeep , " concludes that it 's based on early World War II slang for "  a new , unproven recruit or a new unproven vehicle . " It was n't until 1950 that Toledo-based Willys-Overland , Inc. , one of the producers of the early four-wheel-drive vehicle , trademarked the term . Many of the names were not originally associated with the auto industry . The Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya , Japan ; When it turned to car production , the Toyoda family changed the 'd ' to a ` t ' to make it simpler and more elegant in Japanese script . AOL Autos : Top 10 best car names There 's little doubt about other brand names . Pontiac was an offshoot of the Pontiac Buggy Co. , a horseless carriage manufacturer named after a renowned Indian chief . Mechanic Soichiro Honda started producing motorized bicycles after the devastation of World War II and eventually graduated to cars . AOL Autos : Pontiacs we 'll never forget Volkswagen , a response to Adolf Hitler 's call for a car for the common folk , means ` people 's car ' in German , evidently beating out the prototype 's name , ` Strength through Joy , ' for the honors . In 1917 , the Rapp Engine Works became known as the Bayerische Motoren Werke GmbH , or Bavarian Motor Works  BMW  as the four-year-old airplane engine firm diversified into motorcycle engines , with a stylized white propeller against a blue sky as its logo , according to some authorities . The first BMW cars were produced 11 years later . The legendary Jaguar name is considered one of the best sports car names of all time . It beat out a long list of lackluster animal names compiled by a British ad agency in 1935 . In 1939 , Ford struck gold with Mercury , the fleet-footed messenger of the gods . It tapped into Greek and Roman mythology for the name , just as it did for the similarly styled Lincoln Zephyr , the god of the wind , three years earlier . Some other storied automotive brands are based on acronyms . Fiat stands for Fabbrica Italiani Automobili Torino , or Italian Automotive Works Turin . Similarly , Saab stands for Svenska Aeroplanaktiebolaget , or Swedish Aeroplane Ltd. , hearkening back to the automaker 's origins as an aircraft company . Ford might have done better with an acronym in 1958 . The Edsel was conceived as a new , distinct Ford Motor Co. brand , with its own models , badge and division . The mission was to take on GM 's Oldsmobile . After considering thousands of suggestions , Ford named the new brand after Edsel Ford , Henry Ford 's only child . He had been a major styling influence within the company and was its president at his fathers death in 1943 . The name Edsel was an immediate letdown . Ford stock fell 10 points on the day it was announced . One disenchanted executive predicted that the name alone would cost the new vehicle 200,000 units in sales . AOL Autos : Best and worst automotive designs of all time Its name was n't the sole reason for its failure . It did n't help that the country was in recession or that the new car seemed based on Ford and Mercury models . But all that did n't stop Edsel from entering the vocabulary as an idea or project fated to failure .	David Buick invented the overhead valve engine , founded Buick Motor Car Co. . Fearless race car driver Louis Chevrolet 's name stuck for its musical lilt The Henry Ford Company fired its namesake who later started Ford Motor Co. . Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya , Japan
CNN  -- At the NATO summit in Chicago , President Obama and leaders of America 's NATO allies agreed on an "  irreversible " plan to withdraw from Afghanistan . But challenges remain . Despite the deliberately unambiguous word choice used to describe the withdrawal , uncertainty about how the West will confront the obstacles ahead remains . Issues specifically related to Afghanistan are yet to be resolved , and plenty of others are tied to the volatile politics of the area . The Afghan National Army is already taking the lead in regions with roughly 75 % of the population , with U.S. and other NATO troops acting as support . However , this does not include the most contested areas in the south and east , where Afghan forces are slated to assume responsibility by next summer . Serious doubts persist about their readiness to do so . Despite significant training efforts , the army 's level of competence remains in question . It lacks many of the support functions needed for war fighting . The army will remain dependent on international forces for these capabilities and on the international community for financial assistance , expected to cost at least $ 4 billion a year . The strategic partnership agreement signed by the United States and Afghanistan in early May addressed both issues . Washington pledged a residual force of U.S. troops that will stay in Afghanistan and promised financial assistance . Still unclear , however , is how many soldiers will make up the residual force , how long they will stay , what their main objectives will be and where they will be based . Complicating matters even more , the Afghan army is overwhelmingly non-Pashtun , which makes operating in the overwhelmingly Pashtun south and east , where the Taliban-led insurgency is strongest , all the more challenging . The army 's ethnic composition and that of the Karzai government are also among Pakistan 's chief concerns . Which brings us to the wider regional concerns . During the 1990s , Pakistan 's rival India supported the non-Pashtun Northern Alliance against the Pakistan-sponsored Taliban . Today , Pakistan views the non-Pashtun army in Afghanistan as essentially the Northern Alliance on steroids : a 300,000-plus force equipped by the United States and , like the government in Kabul , partial to India . If the Afghan army holds together , then Pakistan faces an unfriendly army loyal to an unfriendly government on its western border . If the army splinters as a result of its unbalanced ethnic composition -- Pashtuns represent the majority of the population but a small minority in the army -- this probably would result in inter - and intra-ethnic violence that could rend the nation . A civil war in Afghanistan would have disastrous consequences for the region , particularly neighboring Pakistan . Yet Pakistan 's fears have led it to pursue a myopic policy that could contribute to this very outcome . It supports the Taliban , the Haqqani network and other assorted proxies in Afghanistan both as a hedging strategy and with the aim of positioning itself as the ultimate arbiter of any resolution . This has encouraged hedging among other regional actors and led to Pakistan 's isolation . Though the Pakistani security establishment supports an Afghan-led reconciliation with the Taliban , it seeks significant control over that process . This is unacceptable to Kabul , Washington and , ironically , the Taliban . They all want to minimize Pakistan 's role . These thorny issues have been extant for quite some time , but no clear path to resolving them has been proposed , and it does n't appear any significant progress was made in Chicago . The main focus on Pakistan during the NATO summit concerned its willingness to reopen NATO supply lines into Afghanistan that have been closed since November after a U.S. air raid accidentally killed 24 Pakistani soldiers . Since then , supplies have been shipped via the longer and more expensive Northern Distribution Network running through Russia and Central Asia . Although reopening Pakistani supply lines is not essential for maintaining NATO forces on the ground , they constitute an important logistical link for any large-scale withdrawal . When Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari received a last-minute invite to Chicago , it was well understood that this was intended to ease Pakistan 's resistance to reopening these supply lines . But they remain closed , subject to a disagreement over the transit fee Pakistan will receive for each truck and Washington 's unwillingness to issue a formal apology for the air raid . Most experts anticipate that the issue will be resolved sooner rather than later . More troubling , Pakistan 's presence in Chicago was tied mainly to its control of supply lines , not to the vital role it could play in tipping the balance in Afghanistan toward either a political resolution or a possible civil war . Meanwhile , the Pakistan military appears to be increasing support for its own proxies in anticipation of the NATO drawdown , heightening the possibility of civil war in Afghanistan . That other regional powers , chiefly India and Iran , are readying their own proxies for this eventuality only risks making it more likely . Questions remain about whether any residual American force will be sufficient to provide enough support to the Afghan army to avoid such an outcome . It 's also unknown whether this objective will take priority over strategically defeating al Qaeda or at least denying it the ability to reclaim its safe haven in Afghanistan . The summit in Chicago was an important turning point . U.S. forces can not remain in Afghanistan at present levels indefinitely , not least because there is no purely military solution to these problems . But it 's clear that a timeline for the transition to a new role for the U.S. and NATO allies in Afghanistan does not mean the war is over . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Tankel .	Stephen Tankel : Non-Pashtun Afghan army readiness to take over Pashtun areas in doubt Tankel : Pashtuns are small minority in the army , which could spark civil war Army linked to U.S. , India , which means Pakistan faces unfriendly army on border , he says Tankel : Despite decisions made at NATO summit for withdrawal , thorny issues remain
CNN  -- Miss Wisconsin Laura Kaeppeler was crowned Miss America 2012 at the pageant in Las Vegas on Saturday night . The 23-year-old 's platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents . She performed operatic vocals in the talent competition . Miss Oklahoma Betty Thompson , was first runner-up ; Miss New York Kaitlin Monte , was second runner-up ; Miss Arizona Jennifer Sedler , was third runner-up ; and Miss California Noelle Freeman , was fourth runner-up .	Laura Kaeppeler of Wisconsin is Miss America 2012 Her platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's historic train ride to Washington on Saturday drew large , cheering crowds of people who braved freezing weather and gathered along the tracks in cities and small towns along the way in hopeful anticipation of getting a glimpse of the nation 's next president . The crowd cheers as President-elect Barack Obama takes the stage in Baltimore , Maryland . In Baltimore , Maryland , alone , about 40,000 people stood shoulder-to-shoulder in the cold to greet Obama as he stopped on his way to his Tuesday inauguration . His welcome was raucous and animated , as the sea of people cheered , waved and took pictures . Tears rolled down one woman 's face as Obama spoke . "  We love you , Obama ! " another yelled out . "  I love you back , " Obama answered calmly , eliciting a roar from the crowd . The same emotions were expressed up and down the tracks on the 137-mile journey , a trip that started in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and retraced the train ride Abraham Lincoln took on his way to becoming president in 1861 . Watch Obama share the love " As he did so often during his campaign , Obama drew upon American history in his remarks to pose a parallel to the country 's current challenges . He noted the struggles of the colonials , the "  first patriots , " against the British . "  They were willing to put all they were and all they had on the line , " Obama told the crowd in Baltimore . "  Their lives , their fortune , and sacred honor for a set of ideals that continue to light the world : that we are all equal . That our rights to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness come not from our laws but from our Maker . " Later he said , "  the American Revolution was , and remains , an ongoing struggle in the minds and hearts of the people . " And , as in Philadelphia , Obama alluded to , but did not name , the president who inspired his train journey . The soon-to-be president used a call-to-action uttered by Lincoln in his inaugural address in 1861 , an appeal to Americans ' "  better angels . " Obama , who will take up what he called the country 's "  enormous " challenges in fewer than 72 hours , noted that they will probably not be solved quickly . "  There will be false starts ; there will be setbacks , " he said . "  There will be frustrations and disappointments . I will make some mistakes . But we will be called to show patience even as we act with fierce urgency . " He added , "  So , Baltimore , starting now , let 's take up in our own lives the work of perfecting our union , " an appeal that brought forth a loud rumble of approval . Obama arrived later in Washington , where he will take the oath of office Tuesday . He did not have a speaking event there Saturday . Before getting on board the train in Philadelphia , the president-elect implored Americans to commit to a new declaration of independence -- rejecting ideology and bigotry -- as he acknowledged that the nation faces severe challenges . "  Only a handful of times in our history has a generation been confronted with challenges so vast , " he said at a town hall meeting in Philadelphia 's 30th Street Station . "  An economy that is faltering . Two wars : one that needs to be ended responsibly , one that needs to be waged wisely . A planet that is warming from our unsustainable dependence on oil . " "  What is required is a new declaration of independence , not just in our nation but in our own lives -- from ideology and small thinking , prejudice and bigotry -- an appeal not to our easy instincts but to our ` better angels , ' " he said , using a phrase from Lincoln 's inaugural address . The train stopped in Wilmington , Delaware , to pick up Vice President-elect Joe Biden and his family and then headed to Baltimore , Maryland , on its way to Washington . The train made its first "  slow roll " in Claymont , Delaware , allowing Obama to wave at cheering residents gathered near the tracks . Claymont is also the town where Biden 's family moved in 1953 , when he was 10 years old . iReport.com : Is the train coming to your town ? Send us your photos Security for Obama 's train ride was tight . Law enforcement officers from 40 jurisdictions provided protection from the ground . The U.S. Coast Guard was stationed on waterways along the route as well . The Federal Aviation Administration established "  moving " flight restrictions that prevented private pilots , news helicopters , balloonists and others from getting anywhere near the train . The FAA is imposing additional airspace restrictions in Washington on Sunday during pre-inaugural activities and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday , the day of the inauguration . Watch how security will protect Obama on way to Washington " Nearly 2 million people are expected to hit the streets of Washington on Tuesday . Police will shut bridges across the Potomac River into the city , along with a huge chunk of downtown . People coming from Virginia will have to walk or take public transport , such as the area 's Metro subway system . Read about the times and places for inaugural events " Two of the major routes coming into the city -- Interstates 395 and 66 -- will be closed to inbound traffic , at least for private vehicles . Amtrak said it has increased the number and length of trains running to Washington on Inauguration Day . Tickets are still available but are going fast , it said . Watch more on inauguration transportation and security plans " Security officials also say charter buses , taxis and car services are an option for those attending . CNN producer Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Large , cheering crowds brave freezing weather to see , support Obama He borrows from Lincoln , urges Americans to listen to "  our ` better angels ' " Train trip began in Philadelphia , headed to Delaware , Maryland , Washington Security tight along the 137-mile train route
CNN  -- A dispatcher who took a 911 call regarding a domestic argument at a Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania-area home knew that there were weapons in the home but did not notify responding officers , three of whom were fatally shot , an official said Tuesday . Eric Kelly , from left , Paul Sciullo III and Stephen Mayhle were shot to death responding to a 911 call . The officers died Saturday in a gunbattle as they were responding to the call , authorities have said . "  It was pure human error and a terrible thing that occurred , " Bob Full , chief of emergency services for Allegheny County , told CNN affiliate WTAE . "  In this particular case , our call-taker did not follow through with the appropriate training that she had received and -LSB- make -RSB- the appropriate notation that there were weapons in the house . " The bodies of the Pittsburgh police officers -- Stephen Mayhle , Paul Sciullo III and Eric Kelly -- are scheduled to lie in repose at Pittsburgh 's city-county building Wednesday before a public memorial is held Thursday . Richard Poplawski , 22 , is in custody in connection with the shootings . He was hospitalized over the weekend after being shot in the leg during the gunbattle and standoff with police that lasted four hours . Police have not disclosed where he is being held . They said he would be charged with three counts of homicide , aggravated assault and other charges . Poplawski 's mother , Margaret , called 911 about 7 a.m. Saturday to report that her son was "  giving her a hard time , " according to a criminal complaint filed in the case . She told police she awoke to discover that "  the dog had urinated on the floor " and awakened her son "  to confront him about it , " and the two argued . Margaret Poplawski told her son that she was calling police to remove him from the home , the complaint said . During that call , according to WTAE , the dispatcher asked Margaret Poplawski , "  does he have any weapons or anything ? " referring to her son . The woman replied , "  Yes . " She paused and then said , "  they 're all legal . " "  OK , but he 's not threatening you with anything ? " the dispatcher asked . WTAE reported that Margaret Poplawski did not answer directly but said , "  look , I 'm just waking up from a sleep , and I want him gone . " Full pointed out that the call was a "  casual conversation " and that although "  there 's no excuse for it whatsoever ... gathering from the casual nature of the call , the call-taker took an inference that -LSB- the caller -RSB- was not threatened and that guns or weapons were not involved . And it never was relayed to the police officers . " Authorities said the responding officers , Mayhle and Sciullo , were shot as they arrived at the home . Kelly was shot later as he arrived to help them . Police believe that Poplawski , wearing a bulletproof vest , fired more than 100 rounds at officers with an AK-47 , another rifle and a pistol , authorities said Saturday . The dispatcher has been placed on paid administrative leave , Full said . "  You can only imagine how fragile this individual is . This young lady came to work that day ... she had no intentions on ever letting this go . " The woman is being assisted through the county 's employee assistance program , he said . Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said in a statement that , although he has commended the county 911 center many times , Saturday 's events "  revealed a flaw in the 911 system . " "  We now know that the 911 dispatcher was made aware that guns were present ... and that this information was not communicated to the officers , " Ravenstahl said , according to WTAE . "  Before responding to the call , the officers should have had the benefit of knowing that the actor owned firearms . We will never know if Saturday 's events would have gone differently had the officers known . " Ravenstahl said he has asked the center 's management to develop a plan of action "  to address flaws in the system and to ensure that this type of incident never happens again , " WTAE reported .	Eric Kelly , Stephen Mayhle and Paul Sciullo III were shot to death Saturday 911 dispatcher failed to tell officers about guns in Pittsburgh home Official says dispatcher may have believed guns were n't involved in dispute Dispatcher is on paid administrative leave
CNN  -- Colombia are through to the knockout stages of the World Cup after beating Ivory Coast 2-1 at the Estadio Nacional in Brasilia on Thursday . Both sides came into the game off the back of wins in their opening matches -- Colombia put three goals past Greece while Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Japan 2-1 . But it was Los Cafeteros who ensured their place in the last 16 following their win and Japan 's draw with Greece in the other Group C match . A tense first half ended goalless before the game sprang into life in the 64th minute as James Rodriguez headed home from a corner . Cue Colombia 's rhythmic celebrations . Five minutes later they were at it again when Rodriguez turned provider for Juan Quintero after Ivory Coast 's defense gave the ball away in their own half . Rodriguez , ever alert , pounced on the mistake before slotting the ball through for Quintero to run onto before firing a low shot past goalkeeper Boubacar Barry . The 21-year-old 's first international goal looked to have put Jose Pekerman 's men out of sight but Gervinho put Ivory Coast back in the game with a superb individual effort in the 73rd minute . After picking the ball up down the left , the Roma striker skipped past three challenges before unleashing a right foot drive which goalkeeper David Ospina could only parry into the roof of his net . Despite the best efforts of Didier Drogba -- who replaced Wilfried Bony after an hour -- and inspirational midfielder Yaya Toure , the Elephants could n't find an equalizer . Colombia might have stolen a third late on as Quintero unleashed an audacious 40-yard effort but Barry was alert to the danger . The South American side 's first back-to-back wins at the World Cup finals sees them top Group C with a maximum six points with one game to play . Ivory Coast remain in second place with three points . Greece and Japan draw blank Group C 's other game between Japan and Greece at the Estadio das Dunas in Natal ended goalless , ensuring Colombia 's progression to the next round . Greece were reduced to 10 men in the 38th minute when their captain Kostas Katsouranis was sent off after receiving a second yellow card . The numerical advantage saw Japan have the majority of possession but Alberto Zaccheroni 's side could n't find a way through a well-organized Greek defense . The result ensures both sides retain a slim chance of qualification as runners up to Colombia who , whatever happens in the final group fixtures , can look forward to their first appearance in the last 16 for 24 years .	Colombia beat Ivory Coast 2-1 in Group C match at Brasilia 's Estadio Nacional James Rodriguez puts Los Cafeteros ahead in 64th minute with a header from a corner Juan Quintero doubles lead six minutes later before Gervinho halved deficit Greece and Japan play out 0-0 draw in Natal
CNN  -- Mary Peterson of Des Moines , Washington , does n't believe the vaccine for the novel H1N1 flu has been studied enough to get it for herself and her daughters , who are 1 and 3 years old . Mary Peterson 's daughters , 3 and 1 , will not be getting the new vaccine , she said . "  I wrestled with it , " she said . "  I think the side of caution in this case is just waiting until we have more information . " Peterson is one of many parents who are discussing -- whether in real life or on Twitter -- their skepticism of the vaccine . The vaccine is being distributed as an intranasal spray this week , and will arrive next week in injection form , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , earlier this week . The CDC and other public health authorities say the new vaccine is safe , and are encouraging everyone to get it , especially those in high risk groups . But experts acknowledge that many people struggle with the decision . Take a quiz about H1N1 flu " "  I bet half the people in the country have concerns , " Dr. Mehmet Oz , host of the "  Dr. Oz Show " and professor of surgery at Columbia University , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper earlier this week . "  Be knowledgeable , though , that the H1N1 swine flu vaccine is built on a chassis of the older original seasonal vaccine . So , it should have similar risks , which have proven to be very low , " he said . Priority groups for the vaccine include pregnant women , caregivers and household contacts of children younger than 6 months , people between the ages of 6 months and 24 years , and anyone ages 25 to 64 with existing health problems , according to the CDC . A recent survey from the Harvard School of Public Health found that just 40 percent of adults say they are "  absolutely certain " they will get the H1N1 vaccine . An additional 41 percent said they "  will not get it , " and the rest of the sample had various degrees of certainty . iReport.com : Are you getting the vaccine ? "  You 've got a significant group of people who at the moment would n't do it , " said Robert Blendon , professor of health policy and political analysis at the Harvard School of Public Health , who led the study . Still , nearly 60 percent of those who say they do n't think they 'll get vaccinated would change their minds if there were sickness or death in their community , the study found . See H1N1 in your geographic area " Moreover , 51 percent of parents said they were "  absolutely certain " to get it for their children . Again , about 60 percent of the skeptical parents would change their mind in the event of community sickness and death . One major group of people who say they probably wo n't get the vaccine are those primarily concerned about safety , Blendon said . Peterson is n't against all vaccines -- she and her daughters have already gotten the seasonal flu vaccine , for example . But she is concerned about mercury in some of the new vaccine varieties . Thimerosal , a mercury preservative found in the multi-dose vial H1N1 vaccines , has been controversially linked to autism , though no studies have proved that theory . Peterson said she is also concerned about the toxicity of mercury . But the CDC says there is no evidence that thimerosal is harmful to pregnant women or fetuses . Vaccine companies are making vaccine types for both seasonal flu and H1N1 flu without this mercury-based preservative . The other main reason that people cite for not getting the vaccine is that they do not believe they are vulnerable to the disease , Blendon said . Crystal Fincher , who works in sales in Seattle , Washington , has both safety and vulnerability in mind . She has decided against vaccinating herself and her 12-year-old son both because she does n't believe there is enough safety information about it , and because she does n't think she and her son are in high-risk groups . Fincher said her son 's own physician told her the risks of combining the new H1N1 vaccine with his other scheduled vaccines -- for example , tetanus and diphtheria -- are not yet known . "  I just do n't feel like there 's a risk of having a complication from swine flu is high enough to proceed to taking that , but I would be open in the future once there was more data available , " she said . Teresa Rogers , a pharmacy technician in Rockford , Michigan , said she will not be getting the swine flu vaccine because she believes it has not been tested enough . Her children , who are grown , will probably not get it either , and her co-workers at the pharmacy are split . "  I 'm not going to be a guinea pig , " she said . But Karen Walrond , a photographer and writer in Houston , Texas , said she will vaccinate her 5-year-old daughter , whose asthma flares up as a result of colds and flus . "  We will probably go ahead and risk it , " she said . Walrond herself will probably also get vaccinated , if only "  in moral support " of her daughter , she said . Oz said he will get the vaccine , but his wife will not , and the kids will go along with her , as in most families . "  I think we 're going to have this battle within American families and within our culture . It should be a productive one , though , " he said . "  It 's about getting the middle mass of Americans to say , ` You know what , this is what I think : I 'm going to go with the system and get the vaccine . ' "	Dr. Mehmet Oz : "  I bet half the people in the country have concerns " The H1N1 vaccine is made with the same process as the seasonal flu shot Survey : Only 40 percent of adults are "  absolutely certain " they will get vaccine Two key issues for skeptics are the safety of vaccine and their own vulnerability
Washington  CNN  -- North Korea has completed the structures at a second missile launch site in the northwest part of the country , a U.S. official said Thursday . The admission comes on the same day that new satellite imagery , taken by GeoEye on January 10 , was released showing a tower , a movable launch pad and swing arms , according to an analysis by Globalsecurity.org . "  The facility comprises a rocket engine test stand , missile assembly and test buildings , a launch bunker and an observation tower , making it a more advanced facility than its other North Korean counterpart at Musudan-ri , " according to a Globalsecurity.org description of the image . But the official said it is not clear whether the technical components , the electronics , are in place that would allow for a launch from the site , which is near Tongchang-dong . In either case , the official said , there is no indication that the North Koreans plan a test launch in the near term . The intelligence community has been closely watching the site for some time . The official , who asked not to be named because the official was not authorized to speak on the issue , said the location of the facility allows North Korea to launch heavier payloads . The Defense Department would not comment on the new picture . "  We do n't comment on press reports regarding intelligence matters . However , we continue to call on North Korea to fulfill its international obligations ; cease provocative behaviors ; and take steps to improve relations with its neighbors , " said Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan The nation previously announced it was working on developing the capacity to launch a space satellite . This site would allow them to do so but , the official cautioned , the site could also be used to launch intercontinental ballistic missiles  ICBMS  which could pose a threat to the United States and other nations . "  It 's a dual-use facility , " said the official . "  The issue is intent . " The location of the facility also would allow North Korea to launch a payload at an angle that would avoid an flight over other nations . The head of U.S. military operations in Asia said that while he is not aware of any signs from North Korea of a near term missile test , he anticipated that the next likely provocation from North Korea could be in months , not years , due to a succession push . "  Due to the dynamics of North Korea with succession and the long history of this occurring , our concerns are that we 're in a period of compressed time line for Kim Jong Il to train Kim Jong Un in these , in these coercive measures , " Adm. Robert Willard , commander of U.S. Pacific Command , said Thursday in a speech to the Asia Society . "  Their continued development , export , proliferation of weapons will remain a regional challenge and an international challenge likely for some time to come ... So this is a major concern of ours ... it should concern us all . " In April 2009 , North Korea attempted a test to launch what they said was a satellite into space from its other launch site near Musudan-ri , in the northeast . The missile flew over Japan before crashing into the sea . The launch was widely condemned .	NEW : Satellite imagery is released showing a tower and movable launch pad It is not clear if the site is ready for a launch , the U.S. official says There is no indication a test launch is planned soon , the official says This facility would allow the launch of heavier payloads , the official adds
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In scenes that would not have been out of place in a Hollywood science fiction thriller , at dawn on March 31 , 2003 , armed police and Hong Kong health authorities dressed in biological suits , theater masks and surgical gloves descended on Amoy Gardens housing estate . Working swiftly on an order from the Department of Health to isolate Block E , the residents were sealed in . Under 24-hour medical surveillance , they could neither leave the block nor receive visitors , according to a report from the Hong Kong Department of Health . Later moved to confinement camps under quarantine laws that had not been invoked since an outbreak of bubonic plague in 1894 , the residents of Amoy Gardens were locked out for 10 days as doctors , clinicians , sewerage experts and engineers scoured the block for clues . But even before Block E could be quarantined , police were on a manhunt for 147 residents who had already fled the infected apartment block -- to hotels or to stay with family or friends -- possibly spreading the virus into the community . If SARS  Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome  -- then a new and barely understood type of pneumonia -- demonstrated anything , it was that rumor and panic spread almost as fast as the virus . "  Good , proactive communication that provides accurate information in a timely fashion is certainly one of the lessons of SARS and to some extent this was implemented during the  swine flu  pandemic of 2009 , " said Professor Malik Peiris of the Centre of Influenza Research at Hong Kong University . "  But there were even lessons to learn from 2009 because communicating like this in a crisis is difficult and challenging precisely because you are in a situation of grossly imperfect knowledge , " he said . In the case of Amoy Gardens , epidemiologists and health authorities were faced with a serious dilemma -- find out how the deadly virus was spreading , but contain panic that could send more infected people into the wider community . Almost immediately , worried residents filled the information vacuum themselves , launching the website sosick.org . Collecting information from residents on infected buildings , the website was able to record the spread of SARS from Amoy Gardens to nearby Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate a week ahead of the authorities , according to reports at the time . But if government information on the Amoy Estate outbreak was perceived to be lacking , the investigation  conducted at speed  to establish how the disease was spreading was a masterpiece of medical detective work . While people in Hong Kong had been coming down with the virus at the rate of 50 a day , the infection could be traced to contact with a person showing symptoms of the disease . Now , at E-block Amoy Gardens , more than 200 people had contracted the virus almost overnight and their only connection was that they lived vertically above or below each other in the same apartment block . Ultimately , a total of 329 residents at Amoy Gardens came down with SARS and 42 were to die , 22 of them at Block E , . Within 24 hours a team of experts found evidence the building 's sewerage was involved in the vertical spread of the virus . Intense diarrhea from one of the patients -- a 33-year-old Shenzhen resident in Hong Kong for kidney treatment and identified only as patient YY -- was believed to have spread the disease through defective piping in the building . According to the Department of Health , a break in E block 's flush-water system earlier that month had meant the water-sealed S-bend in some of the apartments ' toilets had been dry for an extended period , allowing virus-laden droplets to collect from the system 's soil pipe . Bucket flushing by residents may have disturbed and released contaminated droplets , government agencies said . Similarly , exhaust fans may have sucked droplets into bathrooms where the virus was deposited on floor mats , towels , toiletries and toothbrushes . Even then , the government had to work quickly to quash panic sparked by medical conjecture that exhaust fans had drawn contaminated droplets into the building 's light well , a disturbing development , if it had been true , that would have meant the virus was airborne . For Hong Kong 's government , Amoy Gardens was a turning point . "  The general public expects things to be cut and dried with clear answers -- obviously that may not be possible all the time . The lesson is that one really needs to be upfront in communicating uncertainty , " Peiris said . Margaret Chan , Director General of the World Health Organization , but then head of the Hong Kong Department of Health , said the fight against SARS was a triumph of dogged medical work . "  SARS taught the importance of meeting an emergency with whatever tools are at hand , " she told the South China Morning Post . "  SARS was a 21st century disease in its mode and speed of spread . But it was eventually defeated using the 19th century tools of case detection , contact tracing , isolation and infection control . " In terms of epidemiology , the study of the spread of diseases , the lessons from SARS were that the categories of epidemic diseases and their modes of transmission may never end . SARS was believed to have originated in civet cats at the exotic food markets of southern China , leaping the species barrier through human contact , possibly even through the food chain . According to Professor Gabriel Leung , the head of the Department of Community Medicine at Hong Kong University , the spread of disease does not just work in one direction . Virologists , he said , are now looking at how viruses pass , not just from animals to humans , but from humans to animals and then back to humans again . "  SARS was a wake up call , not just to Hong Kong but to the rest of the world and what it showed us is that the world of infectious diseases is ever present . Microbes will always be with us and we can never proclaim -- as we did in the 60s and 70s -- that the book on infectious diseases is closed , " Leung said . "  It reminds us that human health and veterinary health are one and the same thing and we need to be constantly vigilant , " he added . "  We are linked to animals not just by contact but also by the food chain and the latest horse meat scandal is a good illustration of that . "	Hong Kong housing estate Amoy Gardens was center of 2003 SARS outbreak Authorities had to work fast to isolate the virus and quarantine residents The events at Amoy Gardens underscored the difficulties of containing epidemics Public information an important part of the fight against epidemics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 35-year-old Florida man accused of being a "  hackerazzi " pleaded not guilty Tuesday in federal court to charges of hacking into celebrities ' e-mail accounts . Christopher Chaney of Jacksonville , Florida , is accused of hacking into e-mail accounts and devices belong to more than 50 people , including entertainers Scarlett Johansson , Christina Aguilera , Mila Kunis , Simone Harouche and Renee Olstead , prosecutors said . During Tuesday 's arraignment in Los Angeles , the federal judge increased Chaney 's bail to $ 110,000 from $ 10,000 in the wake of three new accusations of cyberstalking -- including one celebrity victim who was n't identified and was allegedly cyberstalked after authorities seized Chaney 's computer earlier this year . Two other victims , including a 13-year-old , have told authorities that they were cyberstalked before the computer seizure , prosecutors said . Chaney was expected to post bail after his mother indicated she would put up the family home as collateral . If he posts bail , Chaney will be subject to electronic monitoring and ca n't possess any computers , the judge said . The judge set a December 27 trial date . Chaney allegedly accessed nude photos of some of the celebrities during the hacking , and a recently circulated nude photo of Johansson is part of the federal investigation , prosecutors said . Chaney also allegedly used public sources to mine data about his victims , which included both males and females , all associated with the entertainment industry , authorities said . Authorities allege that once Chaney hacked into a celebrity 's e-mail account , he would use the contact lists to find other celebrities ' e-mail accounts . This allowed him to add new victims , authorities charge . Johansson told Vanity Fair magazine she is not ashamed of the photo . "  I know my best angles , " she said in an article published Tuesday . "  They were sent to my husband . ... There 's nothing wrong with that . " Johansson is now divorced from her husband at the time , Ryan Reynolds . Chaney has been indicted on nine counts of computer hacking for gain , eight counts of aggravated identify theft and nine counts of illegal wiretapping , prosecutors said . If convicted of the 26 counts , Chaney would face a maximum of 121 years in federal prison , prosecutors said . The aggravated identity theft charge alone carries a mandatory two-year prison sentence , prosecutors added . Last month , Chaney said he became "  addicted " to the intrusion and "  did n't know how to stop . " "  I deeply apologize . I know what I did was probably one of the worst invasions of privacy someone could experience , " Chaney told CNN affiliate WAWS/WTEV in Jacksonville , Florida , last month . "  And these people do n't have privacy to begin with . And I was in that little sliver of privacy they do have , " he said . In the interview , Chaney said the hacking "  started as curiosity and it turned into just being , you know , addicted to seeing the behind-the-scenes of what 's going on with these people you see on the big screen every day . " "  It just happened and snowballed , " he said , adding that he wishes it had never begun . Chaney said he felt "  almost relieved months ago " when authorities seized his computer because "  I did n't know how to stop doing it myself . I was n't attempting to break into e-mails and get stuff to sell or purposely put it on the Internet . It just -- I do n't know . " Authorities allege that Chaney distributed photos of the celebrities that he obtained illegally and offered them to various celebrity blog sites , but he did n't seek money in exchange . Some of the illegally obtained files , including private photographs , were ultimately posted online "  as a result of Chaney 's alleged activities , " authorities said in a statement . "  I 've had like six months to think about it , " Chaney said , "  It eats at me ... When you 're doing it you 're not thinking about what 's going on with who you 're doing it to . " CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	NEW : Johansson says she is not ashamed of the nude photo Christopher Chaney , 35 , pleads not guilty at arraignment He is accused of hacking into e-mail of celebs including Scarlett Johansson Chaney has said he was "  addicted " to hacking celebrities ' e-mail accounts
CNN  -- For parents in Somalia , giving their children immunizations is not a choice . In a country enduring more than 20 years of conflict , Somalia is home to one of the highest child mortality rates in the world , with one in five Somali children dying before their 5th birthday , aid agencies say -- in many instances , from diseases that could be prevented by vaccines . Yet for some equally loving parents in the developed world , the messages surrounding childhood vaccination have become muddied . Some communities in areas previously considered disease-free are now falling below the levels of "  herd immunity " required to protect against diseases such as measles , whooping cough and mumps . This week , in Swansea , Wales , the local public health agency announced that 886 people have been diagnosed with measles in an epidemic that started in November . The outbreak has been attributed to low measles , mumps and rubella immunization rates . One man 's death has been linked to the measles virus , while 80 people have been hospitalized . In 2011 , six people in France died as a result of a measles epidemic that neared 15,000 confirmed cases , according to the World Health Organization . In 2010 , a whooping cough outbreak , resulting from pockets of under-vaccinated people in California , resulted in 10 deaths , according to the California Department of Public Health . Nine of these were infants were too young to be vaccinated . "  We are extremely concerned about what 's happening in some parts of the developed world , " said Jos Vandelaer , chief of immunization at UNICEF , one of the groups helping vaccination efforts in Somalia . "  In the developing world , many people do n't even get the chance to be immunized . Health systems are not strong enough to take the vaccine to every child despite the fact that their parents want it . " Parents with real fears Measles , whooping cough and Hib  haemophilus influenzae type B  , along with many other childhood diseases , can be deadly , but they are vaccine-preventable . Measles alone killed more than 150,000 people globally in 2011 , according to WHO . Measles is also highly infectious , with one carrier likely to pass on the virus to between 14 and 18 other susceptible people , said Dr. Matthew Snape of the Oxford Vaccine Group in the pediatrics department at the University of Oxford , England . Despite the severity of these diseases , some parents in the developed world choose not to immunize their children and accept the risks . "  Studies show that it is the upper middle class , well-educated Caucasian parents who are shunning vaccines , " said Dr. Paul Offit , director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . "  They have generally gone to graduate school , are in positions of management and are used to being in control . " A study released this month by the National Health Performance Authority in Australia reflected this trend . A number of affluent Sydney suburbs were identified as regions where low levels of immunity have put entire communities at risk from these diseases . The reasons behind parents ' decisions are complex . Part of the problem is lingering doubts around vaccine safety that were compounded by a retracted 1998 study linking the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine with autism . Although declared an "  elaborate fraud " by the British Medical Journal , it raised questions about the safety of immunization in the minds of many parents . These doubts then were spread worldwide on the Internet and in the media by anti-vaccination groups and some celebrities . "  If you want to scare yourself about vaccines , it 's not that hard , " Offit said . "  Just turn on your computer . " For such parents , the perceived risks of vaccination outweigh the risks they associate with disease . Vaccine-autism connection debunked again In Australia , where vaccination is not mandatory , the anti-vaccination Australian Vaccination Network website says parents need to make an informed choice . The site offers links to articles and parental accounts of the potential side effects of many vaccines . A UNICEF working paper released this week to coincide with World Vaccination Week has tracked the rise of anti-vaccination sentiment in Eastern and Central Europe and concludes that poorly managed immunization campaigns in some countries have also contributed to the problem . Concerned parents in the affected countries are taking to blogs and Facebook , discussing their mistrust of vaccines and government programs , questioning the involvement of pharmaceutical companies and often recommending alternative medicine . A March survey conducted by the U.S. organization Public Policy Polling showed that 20 % of Americans believe there is a link between childhood vaccines and autism , and a further 34 % were not sure . Diseases long forgotten in the developed world While there are some risks associated with vaccines , they are mostly minor , such as pain at the vaccine site or low-grade fever , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A serious allergic reaction is rare and usually reported in less than one out of 1 million doses , the agency reported . "  Hundreds of millions of children every year are vaccinated , and the number of side effects we see is minimal , " UNICEF 's Vandelaer said . "  The anti-vaccine groups focus on the potential side effects , not on the real side effects . " On the question of autism , numerous studies conducted over the past decade have all demonstrated there is no scientific link between vaccines and autism . With so much conflicting information readily available to parents , Dr. Dina Pfeifer , program manager for vaccine-preventable diseases and immunization for WHO 's Europe office , said she believes the decision of whether to immunize children has become so fraught that many parents choose to do nothing at all . "  They have a difficulty dealing with the amount of information for and against  vaccination  on the Internet , and out of this confusion they are failing to recognize the risks of the disease , " she said . Another factor driving parents ' decision not to vaccinate is the security that comes with herd vaccination , as rates of immunization for many diseases remain above 92 % for the population . But Europe 's recent battle with measles demonstrates the problems under-vaccinated populations can pose , especially with older children . "  Europe had 100,000 cases of measles from 2009 to 2012 , and that shows how prevalent the pockets of un-immunized populations are in that area , " Pfeifer said . "  Almost 50 % of those cases were older than 10 years of age , and the older you are when you contract measles , the more severe the course of the disease . " Another factor of these pockets is their affluence ; these parents tend to be the ones able to afford overseas travel . In 2008 , a 7-year-old U.S. boy whose parents chose not to immunize him against measles traveled with his family to Switzerland . He caught the virus and returned to San Diego , unknowingly exposing 839 people to the disease and infecting 11 unvaccinated children , according to the journal Pediatrics . In Europe and the United States , parents and most people under 45 have never seen the effects of diseases such as measles , diphtheria or polio . "  The fear factor  among parents in the developed world  is missing now -- the knowledge of what 's on the other side if you do n't have vaccinations , " said Dr. Seth Berkley , CEO of the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization , known as GAVI Alliance . The lack of knowledge of these diseases is also a problem among younger doctors and pediatricians , who may not be able to identify the signs , resulting in misdiagnoses . "  There is a lot of value in case-based learning , but it is difficult to learn how to recognize these diseases if you have n't seen them before , " said WHO 's Pfeifer . In contrast , most parents in the developing world , in places such as Somalia , have seen family members suffer , be maimed or die from such diseases , health advocates said . Education and motivation To address the problem , Berkley prescribes localized programs in countries to supplement the already high overall levels of immunization . Other physicians are supporters of parental education and want to ensure parents feel free to ask as many questions of their doctors and health care workers . Dr. Steve Hambleton of the Australian Medical Association said further motivation may be necessary . "  When you incentivize the parents in a meaningful way , whether it be financial or with other incentives , you can make an enormous difference in vaccination uptake , " he said . Berkley , a doctor who specializes in epidemiology and global health , said he has seen the devastating effects of vaccine-preventable diseases in war-torn countries and refugee camps . Berkley said he wished he could take some parents in the developed world "  on a tour , show them how horrible it is . Show them the illness that occurs out of these viruses . " "  We 've brought down child mortality dramatically with these vaccination campaigns and we are making dramatic progress , but the challenge is getting people to understand what the world was like before this . "	Childhood vaccination has become muddied for some parents in developed world More than 880 people have been diagnosed with measles in Swansea , Wales Diseases such as measles , whooping cough can kill , but vaccines are available
CNN Student News  -- August 16 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : In a news report about a medical condition , what kind of information might be important to the viewer ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What professional sports league suspended about a dozen players this summer for 50 games each , for allegedly taking performance-enhancing drugs ? 2 . Thurgood Marshall , Sandra Day O`Connor , and William Taft were all members of what body of the U.S. government ? 3 . What kind of natural disaster resulted in the collapse of a Florida resort building on Sunday ? 4 . Who was elected president of Egypt in June 2012 and then forced out about a year later ? 5 . What is a hurricane-strength storm called in the Philippines ? 6 . What is the name for a natural object that falls from space and strikes the Earth ? 7 . More than 100,000 people have applied for a one-way trip to what planet ? 8 . Who is the current chancellor of Germany ? 9 . What is the name of billionaire Elon Musk 's proposal for high-speed travel that uses electric motors and air pressure ? 10 . What is the first name of the United Kingdom 's new royal baby ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Egypt North America Florida Europe United Kingdom FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Bahrain is adopting a zero tolerance policy toward "  torture , inhuman treatment and degrading detention " practices toward political prisoners -- one of a number of recommendations made by an independent commission looking into claims of abuse during a crackdown on protesters earlier this year . The government announced the policy in a statement released by the state-run Bahrain News Agency on Wednesday evening . The moves follows last month 's report by an independent commission that found police tortured and used excessive force against civilians arrested during a crackdown on the protests that followed successful uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . The oil-rich kingdom , according to the statement , is committed to implementing the recommendations "  in their entirety . " The government plans to reinstate all government employees who were fired after they were charged with "  free speech activity , " the statement said . The government also is ordering that all pending cases of "  cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " be transferred to its top judicial office for investigation . Additionally , Bahrain is ordering the use of audio-video equipment during interviews with suspects , witnesses and detainees , the statement said . The move follows news over the weekend that Bahrain plans to drop charges related "  to speech protected by the right to freedom of expression , " the news agency said . Forty-three cases applying to 343 people will benefit from the announcement , it said . Demonstrations demanding political reform and greater freedoms in Sunni-ruled , Shiite-majority Bahrain began February 14 before authorities -- backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates -- cracked down in two waves , first in February and later in mid-March . Thirty civilians and five security officers were killed during that time , the commission said . Opposition groups say more than 1,000 people -- mainly Shiites -- have been detained for allegedly taking part in the demonstrations . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Bahrain 's government is adopting recommendations made by an independent commission The commission found that police tortured civilians arrested during a crackdown on protests Additionally , Bahrain is reinstating government workers fired for "  free speech activity "
When does the ordinary -- letters , gloves , wallets -- become extraordinary ? When the objects tell a story : a stack of personal letters that fell to the ground after a hijacked plane plowed into the World Trade Center ; leather gloves worn in the recovery effort ; a red wallet belonging to a woman who worked for Cantor Fitzgerald . Tragedy turns the mundane into memorial . Something as simple as a wallet can evoke the immense sadness of a day like September 11 , 2001 . Objects big and small from the greatest terrorist attack on American soil now make up a museum dedicated to that tragedy and the 2,983 people who perished . It is one of America 's largest and most ambitious memorial museums , almost entirely subterranean and erected in the graveyard of Osama bin Laden 's victims . A police officer found Genni Gambale 's red wallet on the roof of a Marriott hotel , a few blocks south of the Trade Center , days after the attacks . In the wallet were a scorched American Express Corporate card , a $ 115 coupon for Lenscrafters , a Brooklyn Public Library card , pennies , nickels , dimes . Now under thick Plexiglass , the wallet tells of a life cut short . Gambale was one of many trapped on the upper floors after American Airlines Flight 11 plowed into the North Tower at 8:46 a.m. . She was 27 . The National September 11 Memorial Museum opened in May for the 9/11 community -- survivors , families , rescuers . Shortly after it opened to the general public . The place in itself is an artifact , built in the bedrock of tragedy . Within it are 12,500 objects , 1,995 oral histories and 580 hours of film and video . "  An airplane hangar full of largely bruised , contorted artifacts " formed the basis of the museum , says curator Jan Ramirez . They are objects that cheated destruction . They survived the obliteration of the material world and assumed an otherworldly quality . But they also could inflict pain again . From the beginning , Ramirez and all those who worked under museum director Alice Greenwald faced a flurry of contradictions and dilemmas over what to show , how much to reveal . Where the twin towers once soared are now two sunken granite pools , positioned in the footprints of the giant buildings that came crashing down that day . They are meant to be places of reflection and mourning . What was the museum 's intent ? Was it to illustrate a narrative of what happened on September 11 ? Or would it be a repository for the study of an American tragedy ? If it were the latter , the museum would have to collect objects much more broadly . "  We decided to take that path . We decided to be ambitious and daring , " Ramirez said . But with that decision came new concerns and obstacles . How do you portray horror without overwhelming people who come to visit ? How do you memorialize things that people might rather not remember ? The museum , said Ramirez , is sure to be emotionally overwhelming to anyone who survived September 11 , to all New Yorkers , and perhaps even to the millions of people who watched the events of that day unfold on television . She described the helmets of firefighters that were donated by their families . Some were so brutalized that it 's not hard to imagine the severe trauma to the heads those helmets were meant to protect . "  We all had our different thresholds about what was the right thing to do , " Ramirez said . "  We want to remind people why 9/11 was unlike any other day the country has experienced . But we did not want to cross a threshold where a visitor 's empathy shuts down . That would be a horrible misfire of our objectives . " So some things in the museum are clearly marked and separated in alcoves . In one section are images of people jumping to their deaths from the towering infernos . "  In the end we felt this was part of the morning 's indelible horror , " Ramirez said . "  To edit that out might arouse suspicion about what else we edited out . " The museum collected items from survivors , families of the dead , first responders , cleanup workers and agencies that were part of the investigation . Objects like Gambele 's wallet were precious to families . In many cases , bodies were never recovered or identified . Objects were all the families got back . Other objects mean something to survivors . Hazem Gamal worked for OppenheimerFunds on the 34th floor of the South Tower . He stored personal letters in a filing cabinet in his office . In December 2001 , a demolition consultant , Ray Coleman , discovered the letters amid the rubble . He was amazed by them . Nothing else Coleman had seen was discernible . No chair , table , computer . Everything was pulverized or mangled beyond recognition . But these letters were intact , only slightly singed and waterlogged . The clip holding them together had rusted . Coleman kept the letters for a year . He was afraid that if he called the owner , he might learn that he had died . Finally , in November 2002 , he dialed Gamel 's home . Then he returned the letters . He included this note written in pencil on engineer 's paper : "  I hope that you will cherish these papers , and cherish your family , " he wrote . "  If this project did anything for me , it has taught me to love every minute , love my family and friends , and take time to do the things that are really important . " Others donated personal property that helps viewers understand their loved ones better . Brian Sweeney 's wife donated a handmade Viking helmet ; he was so proud of his Viking heritage . "  It creates a sense of joy , " Ramirez said . "  They were enjoying life . It 's the opposite of the ideology of ending life . " Sweeney , a former Navy pilot , was on United Airlines Flight 175 . His last words to his wife were recorded in a voice mail shortly before the hijacked plane crashed into the South Tower : "  If things do n't go well , and it 's not looking good , I just want you to know I absolutely love you . I want you to do good , go have good times . Same to my parents and everybody , and I just totally love you , and I 'll see you when you get there . " New York police officer David Brink donated a suitcase full of things to the museum , including a pair of gloves he picked up in a hospitality tent set up at ground zero . Brink , like other recovery workers , used his hands to scour through a wasteland of debris . He had to change out his gloves frequently because they got so damaged . One day , he picked up a pair of leather gloves and did n't notice until later , when he was in the wreckage , that someone had taken a ballpoint pen to the palms of the gloves and written , "  Thank you . " He did n't know where the gloves came from or who had written those words . The hospitality tents had equipment and supplies donated by people from all over America . The gloves could have been from a firefighter in California or a school kid in Indiana or a housewife in Iowa , Brink thought . But the "  Thank you " helped him get through trying days . Over the years , some objects became symbols of 9/11 . One was the fire truck that belonged to the New York Fire Department 's Ladder Company 3 . On September 11 , Capt. Paddy Brown and Lt. Kevin Donnelly had rushed with their crew from Manhattan 's East Village to the North Tower minutes after Flight 11 struck . The firefighters made their way up the skyscraper to find and evacuate victims . Some people later said the sight of the firefighters gave them a sense of calm in the midst of terror . A short while later , 11 members of Ladder 3 were dead as the North Tower crumpled . James Wind , a member of Ladder 3 , was off that day . But he made his way to ground zero to help . When he arrived on the scene , he saw his company 's truck . The ladder was bent down to the bumper . The front of the truck was on fire but it was still running and the lights were on . "  That truck was battered around like a ping-pong ball , " Wind said . "  It was a beast , but there was a bigger beast that took it . " An officer always carries a list of his men and leaves a copy in the truck . Wind reached in and looked at the second list . He hoped beyond hope but knew : He was probably looking at names of the dead . They were his friends , his brothers . He knew their wives , their lives . He 'd seen them almost every day for years . He wants visitors to see the mangled truck at the museum . "  Live your life , " he said , "  but be aware . This can happen still . " Construction worker Frank Silecchia felt damaged from days of recovery efforts . He 'd already worn through several pairs of boots -- the steel was so hot at the site that it melted the soles . He 'd volunteered to help with the hope of finding a survivor . He found none . On Day 3 , he helped carry out three bodies from 6 World Trade Center and paused to look out at the destruction . A 17-foot-long crossbeam weighing at least two tons had landed at a perfect vertical angle . Silecchia saw a cross . He dropped to his knees in tears . He believed it was a sign from God . He found renewed strength to carry on . "  Evil destroyed that building , " Silecchia said , "  and faith rose out if it . " A few days later , he showed his discovery to a Franciscan priest named Father Jordan , who pushed to get the World Trade Center cross lifted out of the wreckage and preserved near the site . Silecchia believes the museum will be like walking through a horror show for some visitors . He hopes that seeing the cross there will bring comfort , just as it did for him 13 years ago . Ramirez , the museum 's curator , said regardless of religious belief , people found inspiration in the cross and that is why it was included in the museum . She hopes the ordinary objects in the exhibit stand as testament to courage , kindness and human resiliency . Ramirez considers herself and her colleagues at the September 11 museum third responders . They are the people who set evidence aside ; the people whose job it was to give meaning to ordinary objects . "  It 's a collective story about how people can be good to one another in times of crisis , " she said . "  We 've put out our first draft of history . " 9/11 Museum documentary stirs controversy on eve of opening Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	National September 11 Memorial Museum is open to the public in New York The exhibition halls are filled with personal things as well as oral histories and photos Museum curator had the difficult task of deciding how much tragedy to show The museum is also about how people can be good to one another in times of crisis , curator says
CNN  -- A former federal prosecutor was arrested Wednesday on charges related to the murder of a witness in a drug case , among many other counts , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Newark , New Jersey , said . Former federal prosecutor Paul Bergrin is charged with leading a racketeering conspiracy that included a murder . Paul Bergrin and three others were taken into custody after a federal grand jury in New Jersey indicted them on 14 counts , including murder , racketeering , wire fraud and money laundering charges , a statement from Acting U.S. Attorney Ralph J. Marra Jr. said . The indictment charges Bergrin with leading a racketeering conspiracy that included the murder of a witness in a drug case and an attempt to hire a hit man in another drug case , the statement said . Bergrin also is charged with wire fraud and money laundering , Marra said . Gerald Shargel , Bergrin 's attorney , said his client would plead not guilty to all charges . "  This is largely dredging up old issues , and we intend to vigorously fight the charges , " Shargel said . The U.S. Attorney 's Office statement said Bergrin was involved in the murder of a confidential witness in one federal drug case and tried to hire a Chicago , Illinois , hit man to kill a witness in another drug case . The second killing never occurred , the statement said , because the proposed hit man was a cooperating witness in the case . Marra called Bergrin 's alleged conduct "  simply shocking . " "  A licensed lawyer , a former prosecutor essentially became one of the criminals he represents , supporting , encouraging , indeed directing , a criminal enterprise that engaged in murder and murder conspiracies , drug trafficking and financial fraud , " Marra said in the statement . "  Bergrin can now expect to feel the full weight of the very legal system he turned on its head with his conduct . " Bergrin was an assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey before going into private practice . According to the New York Law Journal , Bergrin , 53 , pleaded guilty this month to two misdemeanor counts for his involvement with a prostitution ring . He later represented U.S. Army Sgt. Javal Davis , one of seven people charged in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal in Iraq . In that case , Davis entered a plea agreement on reduced charges before his court martial began . A recorded message at Bergrin 's Newark , New Jersey , office said it was closed today , and messages left with Bergrin 's cell phone and the cell phones of two associates went unanswered .	Paul Bergrin arrested after federal grand jury indicts him and 3 others on 14 counts Bergrin was assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey before going into private practice Indictment charges him with leading conspiracy that included murder of a witness Bergrin 's attorney : Case is "  dredging up old issues , " will plead not guilty
Washington  CNN  -- With the approach of congressional elections and the midpoint of what he hopes will be his first of two four-year terms , President Barack Obama is honing a humor-laced stump speech that is part pep talk , part populist ideology . Obama delivered similar versions of the speech at six fundraising events this week , kicking into full campaign mode with calls to continue the progress made so far by his administration . His poll numbers are shrinking , and Democrats are resigned to losing some congressional seats in November . Amid unabated criticism from the political right and unyielding legislative opposition by Republicans , the White House wants to galvanize the liberal base and maintain support from independents vital to Obama 's election but who polls show turning away . The basic premise of the president 's stump speech message is that his administration inherited a mess after eight years of Republican leadership and needs more time to fully fix it while also positioning America to prosper in coming generations . Republicans complain Obama 's repeated references to problems he inherited are intended to duck responsibility for what they call failures of his own policies that have allowed unemployment to remain high amid a sluggish recovery . Obama , however , insists that full economic recovery from such a deep recession will take years , and that his administration has so far laid the basis for continued improvement while addressing longstanding problems He cites what he calls his main achievements -- reversing the recession , getting health care reform and Wall Street reform bills passed -- and touts energy reform proposals intended to greatly increase clean energy alternatives to make the U.S. industry globally competitive in the 21st century . Overall , though , the lingering message is that the GOP screwed up when in power , and now Democrats are making things right . Partisan rhetoric and jokes abound . In almost every speech , Obama says Republicans are counting on voter amnesia about GOP policies that led to the Wall Street meltdown and economic recession . He acknowledges some of his polices have been unpopular , particularly bailing out big banks and automakers . "  I actually have pollsters , so I know when things are n't popular , " he said Tuesday at an event for Washington Sen. Patty Murray , repeating an oft-used line that always prompts laughter and applause . "  I know when they do n't poll well . But I was not sent to Washington just to do what was popular . I was sent to do what was right . " Noting his campaign rally cry of "  Yes we can , " he lampoons what he calls the obstructionism of congressional Republicans by dropping his voice into a kind of growl to mimic what he offers as their slogan : "  No we ca n't . " "  That 's really inspiring , " he deadpanned to laughter and applause at the Murray event . "  This vision they have for the future , " Obama continued , pausing to add , "  Gives you a little pep in your step when you hear it , do n't you ? " before adding a final "  No , we ca n't . " When he 's really revved up , Obama shifts to the car-in-a-ditch analogy . Specific words change a little each time , but the message is unwavering : Republicans drove the American economy off the road through failed policies of tax cuts , deregulation and increased spending , and now his administration is getting it out of the ditch . With Obama , it 's all in the delivery . "  They spent almost a decade driving the economy into a ditch , " he said Tuesday , pausing several times as laughter erupted . "  And so me and Patty , and a bunch of others , we go down there and we put on our boots and we 're pushing and shoving . And it 's muddy and there are bugs and we 're sweating and shoving , pushing hard . " The Republicans , meanwhile , are standing by "  sipping Slurpees " and calling out "  you 're not pushing hard enough " and "  that 's not the right way to push , " Obama continued , pretending to sip a Slurpee to laughter and applause . "  So finally , finally , Patty and I and everybody , we finally get the car up on level ground . We 're about to go forward , " Obama said . "  And these guys come and tap us on the shoulder , and they say , ` We want the keys back . ' " He shouted over the roaring laughter to deliver his punch line : "  You ca n't have the keys back ! You do n't know how to drive ! " In recent weeks , Obama included an additional jab based on motor vehicle transmission symbols . "  You notice , when you want to move forward in your car , what do you do ? " he said Tuesday . "  You put your car in 'D . ' When you want to go backwards , you put it in ` R. ' " With the crowd applauding , he declared : "  Back into the ditch . Keep that in mind in November . That 's not a coincidence . " Along with the humor comes more stern rhetoric that depicts Republicans as the enemy of ordinary citizens . On Tuesday , he described the basic GOP philosophy as cutting taxes for "  millionaires and billionaires " who do n't need it , cutting rules for special interests , gutting regulations that protect clean air and clean water "  and things that most of us value , " and then cutting "  working folks loose to fend for themselves . " "  So if you ca n't find a job or you ca n't afford college or do n't have health insurance , tough luck -- you are on your own , " Obama continued . "  Now , if you 're a Wall Street bank or an insurance company or an oil company like BP , come on in , help us write the regulations . " The American people tried those policies for eight years under the previous GOP administration , Obama said , adding : "  And it did n't work . " "  It gave us record deficits and ultimately led to the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , " he said . "  Now , I bring all this stuff up not because I want to re-litigate the past , " Obama said as applause erupted . "  I just do n't want to relive the past . " Republicans , he said , are "  counting on the fact that you do n't remember ; that you 're going to forget what happened when they were in charge for eight years . " "  So that 's the choice in this election , " Obama said . "  Do we go back to the policies that got us into this mess , or do we keep moving forward ? I believe we move forward . America always moves forward . "	President Obama shifts to campaign mode for the November election His well-honed stump speech uses humor to blame predecessors for inherited problems Progress has been made , but there 's more to do , is Obama 's message
Another common household object is getting "  smart " and hopping online . This time it 's your smoke detector . Nest is releasing a new smoke and carbon monoxide detector called Nest Protect that will send a message to your mobile device when the alarm is triggered or when the battery is low , so you can be alerted to an emergency at home even while you are away . In addition to the usual loud beeping alarm sound , the Nest Protect has added a recording of a human voice that will describe the problem . This is the first entirely new product tche Silicon Valley company has introduced since its flagship Nest thermostat . Nest was started by ex-Apple designer Tony Fadell in 2010 . Fadell said he was looking for a better way to make his Tahoe home more energy efficient . The Nest thermostat learns your patterns over time and automatically controls a home 's heating and cooling systems for maximum efficiency . Old thermostats were wasteful , but what did Nest think was wrong with the traditional smoke and carbon monoxide detectors ? Annoyance seemed to be first on the list . When the battery is low in a smoke alarm , the small white discs emit a low beep until the battery is replaced . Annoyance can be a safety issue . When a sensitive alarm is set off by everyday occurrences like burnt waffles , some people remove the batteries from their alarm to shut it up and are left unprotected . Nest Protect eases you into an emergency instead of immediately blaring every time kitchen experiment goes awry . When it first detects smoke or carbon monoxide , the device will turn yellow and the human voice will say where the smoke or carbon monoxide levels are high . Since most alarms are affixed to the ceiling , getting to them to turn off an alarm requires a tall person or a chair . Nest has added a sensor that lets you wave at the device to reset it or to get more information about an alarm . One of the selling points of smart objects is that they can talk to each other . The Nest Protect can connect with the Nest Thermostat so that when carbon monoxide is detected , the thermostat can power down the gas furnace to be safe . It also connects with other Nest Protect devices and can communicate which location is detecting a problem . This is not the first connected smoke alarm . Some existing "  smart home " systems already include support for traditional fire and carbon monoxide alarms . You can connect a smoke alarm to a system like Smartthings or Lowe 's Iris and set it up so that you get a text , phone call or e-mail notification on a phone or tablet when an alarm goes off . Those alarms are just connected versions of traditional devices and do not have features like human voices or wave controls . Connected home devices are a growing market , and most systems are focused on creating vast networks of inexpensive connected objects , like front door locks , motion sensors , power switches and thermostats . Nest 's approach is different . It is investing money and time into completely redesigning the objects themselves instead of just creating a system for connecting inexpensive objects to a larger network . The result might be a better experience , but the cost for each device is much higher . The Nest Protect is $ 129 , a First Alert smoke and carbon monoxide detector that can connect to Lowe 's Iris system costs $ 40 .	Nest Protect is a new "  smart " smoke and carbon monoxide detector It sends alerts to phones , turns off with a wave and includes a human voice recording The $ 129 device will be available in November online and in Best Buy stores
CNN  Elon Musk has built a $ 12 billion company in an endeavor to pave the way to Mars for humanity . He insists that Mars is a "  long-term insurance policy " for "  the light of consciousness " in the face of climate change , extinction events , and our recklessness with technology . On the other hand , astronaut Chris Hadfield is skeptical : "  Humanity is not going extinct , " he told me . He added : "  There 's no great compelling reason to go , apart from curiosity , and that 's not going to be enough to sustain the immense cost necessary with the technology that exists right now . " But I question our future , stuck here on Earth . Our environment is a highly balanced system and we are the destabilizing element . Pursuing "  green " initiatives is no long-term solution to the wall we 're hurtling towards , they 're speed bumps . If this is where humankind is destined to remain , then we shall find ourselves fighting over whatever is left of it . Politically speaking , sending humans into space brings nations together -- the International Space Station stood as the physical manifestation of the reunification of the USA and Russia and is now a platform for broader international cooperation . Space exploration is also inspiring : during NASA 's Apollo program to the Moon , the number of graduates in mathematics , engineering and the sciences in the US doubled . Igniting the imagination of that generation helped propel the US into the dominant position it 's held since the 1960s . What could a Mars program do ? Would n't the Moon , so much nearer than Mars , be a better first step ? Actually , no -- it 's just too different . It 's better to test hardware and train people in analogs on Earth , such as the geologically similar high-altitude desert in Utah or the cold and dry Canadian Arctic desert . Why the European Space Agency has declared the Moon a stepping-stone to Mars is beyond me , as doing so increases the cost of a Mars program hugely . It takes about 50 % more energy to put something on the surface of the Moon than it does on Mars . The Martian atmosphere can be used to slow down approaching spacecraft , instead of the need for extra fuel to slow the descent . It would also mean developing two different sets of landing techniques and hardware . There are reasons to go to the Moon , just not if your ultimate destination is Mars . Even colonizing the Moon is questionable : it simply has n't the resources to sustain an advanced colony . Mars has fertile soil , an abundance of water  as ice  , a carbon-dioxide rich atmosphere and a 24-and-a-half hour day . The Moon 's soil is not fertile , water is as rare , it has no effective atmosphere , and a 708-hour day . It 's feasible to introduce biological life to Mars , but not the Moon . With only a relatively small push , Mars could be returned to its former warm , wet , hospitable state . Raising the temperature at the south pole by a few degrees would see frozen CO2 in the soil begin to gasify . As a greenhouse gas , it would further raise the temperature , gasifying more CO2 in a self-sustained global-warming process . Eventually , water frozen into the soil would liquefy , covering half of the planet . After about a century , Mars would settle down with an atmosphere about as dense as the lowland Himalayas and a climate suitable for T-shirts . Hadfield warns that "  we need to invent a lot of things " before going to Mars , and that "  there 's no great advantage to being the early explorers who die " . Few would disagree with that , but what are the challenges a crewed mission to Mars faces ? Radiation : An astronaut would receive a lifetime allowable dose of radiation in a single 30-month round-trip , including 18 months on the surface . But this is only equivalent to increasing the lifetime cancer risk from about 20 % to 23 % . As the majority of this is received in transit between planets , with proper radiological protection on the ship , it would actually be  radiologically speaking  healthier for an astronaut to live on Mars with a radiation dose of 0.10 sieverts per year than to smoke on Earth at 0.16 sieverts per year . There is no single practical solution to the radiation problem . One strategy I helped develop was to optimise the internal layout of the equipment and structures in the Mars habitat module to minimise exposure -- placing existing bulk in all the right places . This reduced exposure by about 20 % , without adding any mass . Even taking empty sandbags , packing them with Martian soil and putting them on the roof would be a simple and effective measure on Mars . Radiation is an issue to tackle , but it 's not a deal-breaker . Power : "  We need a compact energy source , " says Hadfield . "  We can not be relying on the tiny bit of solar power that happens to arrive at that location . " While the solar energy reaching the surface of Mars is about half that on Earth , this is n't a show-stopper . A quick back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that to power the equivalent of an average U.S. household on Mars , even through dust storms , one would need an array of solar panels totalling six metres square -- very achievable . Reduced gravity : The effects of microgravity on astronauts ' health have been studied for decades , and a range of techniques have been developed to mitigate the wasting effects on muscle and bone . With Martian gravity around a third of that on Earth , it would take astronauts a couple of days to acclimatize , and perhaps a few months to fully adapt . NASA and ESA have been developing an under-suit that compresses the body to overcome the negative effects of a reduction in pressure and gravity . However , biological adaption could be made easier if microgravity were avoided altogether . The spacecraft could be spun in-transit to generate an artificial gravity that slowly decayed , simulating a transition from Earth to Mars gravity  and vice versa  over the six-month journey . Ultimately , until humans are actually living on other planets it 's unlikely we 'll solve or even recognise all the subtle long-term health problems associated with reduced gravity . And who 's to say what the advances in bio-engineering and technology will make the human body capable of when that time comes ? Life on Mars : If there 's life on Mars , even if it 's microbial , should we be allowed to spread to the planet , potentially risking its extinction ? I find this question strange -- as Chris McKay put it : "  We commit microbial genocide every time we wash our hands " . We engineer and farm the complex life around us as systematically and as cheaply as possible . Billions of people eat the carcasses of organisms that were thinking and breathing only days before . Why , all of a sudden , should Martian microbes be given such sanctity ? It should certainly be studied , but it should n't prevent our spreading . Back contamination : Conversely , the question of whether some Martian plague might accidentally be introduced to Earth should be taken seriously -- but not blown out of proportion . There 's only a remote chance that Martian life might be hazardous . The things that kill us do so because they 've evolved in lock-step with us in a continual evolutionary arms race . Any Martian life will have evolved independently and is unlikely to be capable even of interacting with Earth life on a molecular level . As Robert Zubrin put it : "  Trees do n't get colds and humans do n't get Dutch Elm Disease . " Psychology : Depending on relative orbits , sending a message between Earth and Mars can take between three and 22 minutes . This loss of real-time communication will leave astronauts feeling cut-off and alone . Hadfield says that it 's vital to keep up crew morale and motivation : "  Once you get any distance away on any sort of voyage , the epic-ness disappears , the reality becomes the foreground , and the applause is long gone . " Cost : A crewed Mars program would cost the equivalent of a few weeks of the U.S. defense budget . The US plans on spending about 10 times more on nuclear weapons than on space exploration over the coming decade . The UK government spends about as much on gastric band surgery through the NHS as it does on its space activities . So while a Mars program certainly has challenges to overcome , the technological gap between us and Mars is far smaller than it was for the Moon program in the 1960s . And the prospects the Red Planet holds for humanity are far greater . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	Pursuing "  green " initiatives is no long-term solution to the wall we 're hurtling towards , says Ashley Dove-Jay Dove-Jay : Launching missions to Mars would use less energy than those to the Moon Mars program certainly has challenges to overcome , but technological gap between us and Mars is smaller than it was for the Moon program in 1960s , he adds
CNN  -- He may not have won a tournament in almost two years , but Tiger Woods can still be a major force in golf according to his new high-profile sponsor . Woods lost some major backers in the wake of the scandal about his marital infidelities , including Tag Heuer . But another high-end watch-maker , Rolex , has taken on the fallen former world No. 1 . "  Rolex is convinced that Tiger Woods still has a long career ahead of him and that he has all the qualities required to continue to mark the history of golf , " read a statement on Wednesday from the Swiss company , which also sponsors CNN 's Living Golf Show . "  This association pays tribute to the exceptional nature of Tiger Woods and the leading role he plays in forging the sport 's global appeal . " Rolex has a history of linking with golfing greats , including 18-time major champion Jack Nicklaus , Arnold Palmer and Gary Player . It is the second backing for Woods ' commercial value in two days , with influential business magazine Forbes keeping the 14-time major winner at the top of its "  most valuable athlete " standings with a brand worth of $ 55 million . It cited his June deal with Japanese medical group Kowa as evidence that he was far from a spent force . Woods dropped out of the world 's top 50 this week ahead of the PGA Tour 's fall season Frys.com Open -- a minor tournament that he has never played before . He has not stepped out for an official event since the PGA Championship in August , but will make his ninth start of an injury-plagued season as he warms up for the Presidents Cup in Australia next month -- having been given a wild-card place by U.S. team captain Fred Couples . "  I 'm excited to be back . I 've had good practice sessions at home and am eager to get back under the gun , " Woods said ahead of the California tournament . Woods ' website said he shot a course-record 10-under-par 62 last Saturday at his new home course in Jupiter , Florida -- the Greg Norman-designed Medalist Club . He will play the opening rounds at CordeValle Golf Club , near San Jose , with 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa and U.S. amateur Patrick Cantlay on Thursday and Friday .	Tiger Woods signs new endorsement deal with Swiss watch-maker Rolex American had been dropped by big-name sponsors after scandal broke This week he was named Forbes ' most valuable athlete despite form slump Woods will play PGA Tour fall season event in California , starting Thursday
CNN  -- The death of a man who fell from an upper deck Sunday during a home game of the Chicago Bears has been ruled an "  accident " by the Cook County Medical Examiner 's office , a spokeswoman said Monday . The man was identified as Stuart Haverty , 23 , of Chicago , and an autopsy Monday concluded that the cause of his death was multiple injuries from a fall , the spokeswoman said . Haverty fell from the upper level of the Bears ' Soldier Field to the ground outside the stadium , police said . The incident happened around 5 p.m. Sunday while the Bears were playing the Philadelphia Eagles , said Veejay Zala of the Chicago Police Department . Haverty was pronounced dead at Northwestern Memorial Hospital at 5:27 p.m. . The incident marked the second such deadly fall during a pro sports game in as many weeks . Last week , a 2-year-old boy fell to his death from a luxury suite at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . The boy fell at the conclusion of a National Basketball Association game and later died at the hospital . In July , a fan trying to catch a foul ball at a Texas Rangers game in Arlington , Texas , fell 30 feet , injuring himself and four others . Tyler Morris tumbled over the railing on the club level of the stadium , hit the railing on the suite level and then landed on the lower deck . His injuries were not life-threatening . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Coroner rules the death an "  accident " NEW : Incident follows death last week of a 2-year-old boy who fell during a Lakers game The man fell during a game between the Chicago Bears and the Philadelphia Eagles
Washington  CNN  -- The thorny intersection of race and the economy topped the political agenda Wednesday as President Obama huddled with key African-American leaders at the White House . Obama held what has been dubbed an "  urban economy summit " in the Oval Office with a group including the Rev. Al Sharpton , NAACP President Benjamin Jealous , and National Urban League President Marc Morial . National Council of Negro Women Chairwoman Dorothy Height , who is 97 years old , declined an invitation to attend due to the winter storm pounding the Washington area . The group urged Obama to spend money initially reserved for bank bailouts on areas suffering from chronically high unemployment , according to sources familiar with the attendees ' plans . The investments should be "  place-based rather than race-based , " Jealous said . The cornerstone of the civil rights leaders ' plan calls for $ 150 billion in TARP  Troubled Asset Relief Program  funds to be redirected to state and local governments to hire workers to provide critical services in underserved communities . The White House has not yet proposed tapping the TARP fund for a new jobs program , with the exception of potentially using it to help expand credit lines for small businesses . The nation 's first African-American president remains extremely popular among black voters . A number of African-American leaders , however , are increasingly upset with what they perceive as the federal government 's inattention to the needs of economically hard-hit minority communities . "  We do not seek any special kind of edict or special kind of thing from the president because he 's African-American , " Sharpton said . But he said African-Americans do "  expect to be included in the process " as Congress debates a new jobs bill and are seeking "  substantive change " and not mere "  feel-good moments . " Jealous blasted what some political observers have characterized as a GOP strategy of complete opposition to Obama 's agenda . The Republicans are using obstructionist "  tactics from the last century " previously employed against African-Americans and now used "  against working people , " he said . "  It 's not enough to say no , no , no when people ... are suffering , suffering , suffering , " he said . "  It 's not enough to just hold up progress . " While the national unemployment rate is now 9.7 percent , the jobless rate among African-Americans is hovering around 15 percent . Over 40 percent of black teenagers are unemployed , according to the National Urban League . Obama has previously argued that the administration 's $ 862 billion stimulus package , as well as its other job growth initiatives , would benefit many of the country 's hardest-hit communities . The plan presented to Obama was expected to include recommendations to :  Expand the small business administration 's Community Express Loan Program ;  Provide a stronger focus on communities with high unemployment ;  Invest $ 500 million for housing counselors to work with people who are delinquent on loans ;  Expand summer youth jobs programs by investing up to $ 7 billion to employ 5 million teenagers ;  Create 100 "  urban job academies " to train the chronically unemployed . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Obama meets with Rev. Al Sharpton , top officials from NAACP and Urban League Group urges Obama to help areas with chronically high unemployment , source says They suggest funds could come from money reserved for bank bailouts African-Americans not asking special treatment , but inclusion , Sharpton says
CNN  -- The parents of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl who 's been waiting more than a year for a lung transplant says the girl has essentially been "  left to die . " Sarah Murnaghan , who has had cystic fibrosis since birth , could die within weeks without a transplant . She has been waiting 18 months for another pair of lungs as her ability to breathe has rapidly deteriorated . She is at the top of the list for any pediatric lungs that may become available for transplant in her six-state region . Doctors say modified adult lungs could help save her , and adult lungs become available much more often . But children under age 12 are n't prioritized for adult organs , under federal rules . So Sarah could only get available adult lungs if everyone else waiting for lungs in her region -- no matter how sick they are -- turns them down . U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has called on officials to review the nation 's lung transplant policy for children , but any change could take up to two years . Organ donation by the numbers A statement from Fran and Janet Murnaghan welcomed the policy review as a "  positive step . " "  However , Sarah , and other children like her who need a transplant now , do not have the luxury of time to wait for a lengthy bureaucratic change , " the parents said . "  Essentially , Sarah has been left to die . " The department said Sunday it is sympathetic to the many parents facing similar circumstances . "  Our heart goes out to any family that is dealing with a loved one who is on a waiting list for an organ transplant , " the statement said . "  Given the significant disparity in the number of transplantable organs to the number of people in need of an organ ,  the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network  has regulations and policies to ensure that decisions are based on the best medical science and the most equitable process in a very difficult situation . " The Murnaghans asked that other parents consider naming Sarah as a transplant recipient should they or one of their children face death in the coming weeks . "  If you want to directly donate your loved one 's lungs to Sarah , the law can not change that . And Sarah will use that and create a positive and wonderful life and legacy for your loved one , " Janet Murnaghan told CNN . "  I 'm praying that somebody sees this story and is in a position to save my baby . " Sarah had a setback Sunday night , suffering from a fever and increased carbon dioxide levels , according to a post on Janet Murnaghan 's Facebook page . "  I am feeling anxious and praying , " she wrote . The United Network for Organ Sharing , a nonprofit that manages the nation 's transplant system under federal contract , agreed to the review Friday , the same day Sebelius sent an urgent request for it to look at its policy , UNOS spokeswoman Anne Paschke said . But because the review process involves research and public comment , which take time , and because there are not enough organ donations for children , the nation 's transplant system may not be able to save Sarah 's life . Her family wants Sebelius to step in . "  We are going to let a kid die over red tape . Somebody needs to stand up that this is n't right , this is a human issue . This is n't politics , this is a human issue , " Janet Murnaghan said . Paschke urged more Americans to look at an organ donation website . Sebelius ' request to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network called on officials to look at the age categories used in lung transplant cases . Sarah 's struggle has ignited a fight for new rules governing organ donations . She 's been in a Philadelphia hospital for months due to her cystic fibrosis . Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition on Change.org , and a congressman has called on the Obama administration to take quick action . Sarah 's mother told CNN she was "  shocked " when she learned the rules a couple of weeks ago . Sebelius asked for the policy review in a letter to Dr. John Roberts , board president of OPTN . Sebelius cited the significant disparity between the number of transplantable organs and the number of people in need of an organ , especially among children . She also directed HHS 's Health Resources and Services Administration Division of Transplantation to consider new approaches for promoting pediatric and adolescent organ donation . "  With 1,819 pediatric patients on organ transplant waitlists and only 852 pediatric organ transplant donors each year , it is especially clear that we can and should , if possible , do more to encourage the public to become registered organ donors , " Sebelius wrote . OPTN issued a statement last week noting that there is a separate policy for children because the "  biological needs and circumstances of candidates younger than age 12 are different from either adolescent or adult candidates . One key difference is the size and lung capacity of donors and patients among these age ranges . " Children younger than age 12 are prioritized for donations from other children of similar age and size within a 1,000-mile radius . Policies allow "  status adjustments for specifically defined groups of candidates with unique medical circumstances not addressed by the overall policy , " the statement said . The network routinely reviews policies and considers "  public input as well as medical data and experience , " the statement said . Dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants CNN 's Jen Bixler , Chris Welch , Ross Levitt and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  I 'm praying that somebody sees this ... and is in a position to save my baby , " mom says Federal agency says policy aims to be fair in difficult situations Officials will take several years to review lung transplant policy Sarah Murnaghan has been waiting for a transplant for 18 months
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush lifted an executive order banning offshore oil drilling on Monday and urged Congress to follow suit . If President Bush can persuade Congress , more oil rigs like this one off Canada could appear off U.S. shores . Citing the high prices Americans are paying at the pump , Bush said from the White House Rose Garden that allowing offshore oil drilling is "  one of the most important steps we can take " to reduce that burden . However , the move is largely symbolic as there is also a federal law banning offshore drilling . "  This means that the only thing standing between the American people and these vast oil reserves is action from the U.S. Congress , " Bush said . Watch Bush announce lifting of ban " Bush has been pushing Congress to repeal the law passed in 1981 . "  There is no excuse for delay , " the president said in a Rose Garden statement last month . iReport.com : Is drilling the answer ? "  In the short run , the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , " Bush said , adding that there is no more pressing issue for many Americans than gas prices . Bush 's father , President George H.W. Bush , signed the executive order in 1990 banning offshore drilling . See where offshore drilling is allowed " The issue has gained prominence in the presidential race . Sen. John McCain recently announced he supported offshore oil drilling , reversing his previous stance . Sen. Barack Obama wants to keep the ban in place . Experts say offshore oil drilling would not have an immediate impact on oil prices because oil exploration takes years . "  If we were to drill today , realistically speaking , we should not expect a barrel of oil coming out of this new resource for three years , maybe even five years , so let 's not kid ourselves , " said Fadel Gheit , oil and gas analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. . Equity Capital Markets Division . But it almost certainly would be profitable . Candida Scott , an oil industry researcher at Cambridge Research Associates , said oil needs to be priced at $ 60 a barrel or more to justify deep-shelf drilling . With oil now selling for $ 145 a barrel , companies are almost assured of profiting from offshore drilling , Scott said . In his statement last month , Bush also renewed his demand that Congress allow drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the Green River Basin of Colorado , Utah and Wyoming . The White House estimates that there are 18 billion barrels of oil offshore that have not been exploited because of state bans , 10 billion to 12 billion in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and 800 billion barrels of recoverable oil in the Green River Basin .	End to executive ban on offshore drilling does not affect separate federal law President Bush has been urging Congress to repeal law banning offshore drilling Offshore drilling ban has become a campaign issue John McCain supports ending ban on drilling ; Barack Obama wants to keep it
The unprecedented natural disaster that came in the form of Typhoon Haiyan is a potential medical disaster for the Philippines , according to emergency crews on the ground . The Red Cross says it has ordered 10,000 body bags in preparation for the number of bodies it believes it will have to retrieve . The official death toll , currently in the hundreds , is likely to grow quickly as rescue crews are better able to assess the situation . What is left behind are some 4.2 million people who have been affected by the storm , many of them injured , thirsty or hungry . The Philippines storm -- some three and a half times more forceful than Hurricane Katrina -- has created serious food and water shortages . Typhoon Haiyan : 3 days in , little relief for survivors A second round of deaths may be imminent , given limited food and water , along with pools of standing , possibly polluted water amid a breakdown in ordinary sanitation . Relief agencies are worried about outbreaks of disease and infections in the storm 's wake . "  We do n't have the full picture yet , but there is a lot of destruction , which means that next to a high number of deaths the possibility of wounds will be high , " said Meinie Nicolai , the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres/Doctors Without Borders in Belgium . "  We worry about more deaths because of infection . " Medecins Sans Frontieres says in the first stage of its recovery efforts , it will work to keep infection rates down and then work to vaccinate people for tetanus . The bacteria that causes tetanus when it enters a deep flesh wound can be deadly . The agency will also provide ongoing psychological help to the victims of the disaster many of whom will be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , Nicolai said . "  People in the Philippines are used to typhoons , but the scale of this is completely unprecedented . People will suffer a lot of trauma from the death and destruction they are seeing and will be scared for future typhoons . We will make room for people to speak with a professional and will set up group sessions where people can talk through their trauma . " People are so desperate for food and water there are reports of crowds breaking into warehouses and stores . Medical supplies are also scarce . The few hospitals left standing have had to turn people away because they are overwhelmed with the injured . Many people desperate for medical attention have made their way to the airport , where the military is trying to administer medical care . The World Health Organization is supporting the Philippines Department of Health in strengthening its early warning alert and response network to watch for disease outbreaks and other public health threats related to food scarcity , water contamination and other environmental hazards . It is also helping the government coordinate the international assistance to make sure the field hospitals and medical teams and supplies go where there is the most critical need , and is re-establishing bases for the supplies that are coming in from all over the world . USAID , one of the first agencies to reach victims after the typhoon , came with food , water , hygiene kits and sanitation equipment . U.S. Marines have been helping distribute the aid . Americares has an emergency shipment on the way to the Philippines with enough medical aid for 20,000 survivors , including antibiotics , wound care supplies and pain relievers . International Medical Corps has pre-positioned medical supplies and a team on the ground offering support . Direct Relief is also sending 1.5 tons of emergency medicine , which also includes antifungal medications and chronic disease medicines . C-10 's are bringing in supplies from the World Food Programme , which has sent high-energy protein biscuits to feed half a million people . The World Food Programme has 10 people on the ground already , and they will be setting up bases and getting information to the rest of the World Food Programme hubs to determine how much food and supplies are needed , said Bill Campbell with the World Food Programme . How Haiyan could teach world how to adapt to extreme weather The government has declared a State of National Calamity , which among other powers gives the government price controls for goods including food . The problem at the moment is being able to assess exactly how many people are hurt . Geography complicates matters . The Philippines population is spread over 800 of the 7,100 islands that make up the country . "  We are having to rent boats and helicopters and are trying to do whatever we can to get to the remote areas , " Nicolai said . Medecins Sans Frontieres is one of the hundreds of agencies that has crews on the ground trying to assess survivors ' needs ; Nicolai spoke as trucks were being loaded outside her office with medical material , tents to create makeshift hospitals , water and sanitation equipment , generators and medical equipment . The good news , if there can be good news in such a disaster , is that the Philippines does have a medical infrastructure already -- at least compared to the other regions in which Medecins Sans Frontieres works , according to Nicolai . "  That means you do have an educated medical staff with experience there , but we are learning many are missing or dead , so we , like a lot of other groups that are responding , will try and reinforce and help what is there . " How to help Typhoon Haiyan survivors	Typhoon Haiyan has left survivors needing food , water and medical supplies Relief agencies are worried about disease and infections The geography of the country makes it difficult to reach people on remote islands
CNN  -- Authorities in Linden , New Jersey , have launched a homicide investigation after the discovery Monday of a pair of trash bags containing the dismembered remains of two people , officials said . The medical examiner has confirmed the body parts are "  indeed human , " the Union County Prosecutor 's Office said in a news release . "  There were two bodies found inside trash bags near the intersection of Essex Avenue and Cranford Avenue , " spokesman John Holl said in the release , adding that the remains are from adults , one male and one female . Yellow police tape surrounded the scene Monday afternoon , tied to the tree trunks lining the quiet residential street where the black trash bags were discovered earlier in the morning . Linden Mayor Richard J. Gerbounka , who was at the site , called the shocking discovery "  very unusual for this area . " "  We 've got the homicide investigative team out and they 're in the process of culling the area for evidence , " he said . Along with the Linden Police Department , investigators from the county prosecutor 's office and the city fire department also were at the site . Officials spread a white sheet around the trash bags before loading the remains onto two stretchers and taking them away for further study . Autopsies were scheduled for Monday afternoon , according to the prosecutor 's office .	Dismembered remains found Monday in a pair of trash bags , officials said Linden , New Jersey , officials launched a homicide investigation after the discovery Autopsies were scheduled for Monday afternoon , according to the prosecutor 's office
CNN  -- Christian Finnegan describes his character on the TBS comedy "  Are We There Yet ? " as "  the obnoxious wacky neighbor , " but also admits he 's " ... probably more properly known as ` the white guy ' on the show . " For better or worse , it 's a role he tackles with a bit of experience . "  This is not my first go-round as the representative of American whiteness . " It 's true . Some people may remember him as Chad from the classic "  Chappelle Show " sketch "  Mad Real World . " You can find it online , but be warned that it 's beyond not safe for work . Really , not even for the home office if you have pets who are easily offended . The point is : He plays the white guy . And you 'll also notice that , at the time , he even played the fat guy . These days , however , Finnegan is rather svelte . In our video interview , he discusses his dramatic weight loss and why he does n't talk about it in his act . Other fans -- or at least casual observers of things that happen on TV -- may also remember Finnegan for his stint on VH1 's "  Best Week Ever " where , for a time , his personal and professional life revolved around being on top of everything related to pop culture . It 's a job he 's happy to call his past . "  I am so relieved to not have to give a  expletive  any more , " he says . "  Like the Kardashians ... that kind of came after ` Best Week Ever ' and it 's such a delight to not have to know anything about those idiots . " Finnegan still considers himself somewhat savvy when it comes to contemporary lifestyles and people-being-famous-for-being-famous , but his real interest is government -- a passion that eventually led to regular appearances on MSNBC 's former show "  Countdown with Keith Olbermann . " "  I 'm kind of obsessed with politics , " Finnegan says . "  It 's really just sort of the only way a guy in his 30s can procrastinate and justify it . I will watch the same episode of "  Hardball " three times and tell myself , ` I 'm watching the news . I 'm staying on top of things . ' No , you just do n't want to do any work . " These days Finnegan is doing plenty of work on stage as a stand-up comedian . In July , we sat down with him in Chicago during the Just For Laughs comedy festival , because one should never miss out on an opportunity to chat with the representative of American whiteness . TBS is a sister network of CNN and both are owned by Time Warner .	Christian Finnegan stars in the TBS comedy show , "  Are We There Yet ? " Finnegan used to keep up with pop culture as host of VH1 's "  Best Week Ever " His passion for politics led to appearances on Keith Olbermann 's show
EW.com  -- Since everything about Les Misrables is fortissimo -- including but not limited to its unabashed pursuit of awards that are shiny or globular or both -- you have perhaps already heard a little about the movie now storming the Bastille of your wallet . You may already know that to make his movie adaptation of the internationally popular theatrical musical conjured from the 19th-century political novel by Victor Hugo , director Tom Hooper  The King 's Speech  bade his actors sing live during filming . You probably already know that Anne Hathaway , as the wretched single mother-turned-prostitute Fantine , is reputedly a formidable Oscar favorite for her sobbing and warbling and haircutting-in-real-time . You 've learned , from posters and trailers , that Hugh Jackman , as former convict Jean Valjean , looks impressively stricken and that Russell Crowe , as implacable police inspector Javert , looks disconcertingly dyspeptic . What 's left to learn is this : Les Misrables provides compelling reasons for Crowe to be peeved , beginning with the humiliation of having to sing Broadway-style , when it clearly is so not his thing , and ending with the Cap'n Crunch wardrobe into which the gentleman is packed .  O , for Crowe 's costumed glory days in Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World !  Jackman has a right to be cranky too , although he 's too much of a trouper to show it as he overemotes on demand and sings of finding God after he steals a pair of candlesticks from a nice priest .  Long story .  Hathaway looks happy enough channeling Liza Minnelli for her tremulous rendition of the Susan Boyle-appropriated anthem " I Dreamed a Dream , " but that 's no doubt because she knows that soon after the song , she 's pretty much done for the night . Shall I go on about all the ways in which this fake-opulent Les Miz made me long for guillotines while millions of viewers who have softer , more generous hearts than I may swoon with money 's - worth contentment ?  At least it does n't skimp on length : The movie is approximately as long as the 1832 Paris uprising it depicts .  Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter mug and prance as the comic-relief grifters Thnardier and his missus , outfitted in what has become de rigueur for both BCs -- Ptrouchka makeup and prosthetically grungy teeth . Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne play the young lovers Cosette  Fantine 's muppet daughter , raised by Valjean  and the boy-band-styled student revolutionary Marius like lab rats , their pale faces and lashless eyelids often observed in the merciless close-up that is one of Hooper 's mix-it-up signature shots .  He is similarly devoted to tilted perspective and the room-at-a-45-degree-angle shot . It 's a daunting challenge , to be sure , to turn a big musical into a viable movie . For every great Cabaret , My Fair Lady , and The King and I , there 's a dud Rent , Evita , and Mamma Mia ! But this steam-driven military weapon of an enterprise is a sobering reminder of just how tinny a musical Les Misrables was in the first place -- the listless music and lyrics by Alain Boubil , Claude-Michel Schnberg , and Herbert Kretzmer , the derivative characters fashioned from Oliver ! scraps . And even if you do come to Mr. Hooper 's neighborhood loving the show , having seen seven stage productions and named your cat Gavroche after the urchin who hitches his fate to those of grown-up revolutionaries , well , you 're in for a gobsmacking : This " prestige " production is at heart a minor road-show carnival , leaving behind little but tinsel as it rumbles through the streets of Awardstown . Grade : C See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is an adaptation of the 19th-century political novel by Victor Hugo It stars Anne Hathaway , Russell Crowe and Hugh Jackman Critic gives the film a "  C "
CNN  -- Wayman Tisdale , who became a successful jazz musician after retiring from pro basketball , died Friday morning after a two-year battle with cancer , his agent said . Wayman Tisdale greets Shaquille O'Neal during a game November 1 , 1996 . Tisdale , 44 , died in a Tulsa , Oklahoma , hospital , where his wife took him when he had trouble breathing early Friday , agent Scott Pang said . Tisdale 's death was "  a complete shock " and came as he prepared to return to the recording studio next week to work on a project with jazz guitarist Norman Brown , Pang said . "  He was a real testament to the power of positive thinking , " Pang said . "  Even after the cancer and amputating his leg above his knee , he never lost that smile on his face . " Doctors discovered Tisdale 's bone cancer after he broke his leg in a fall down a flight of stairs , according to the official biography on his Web site . "  It really showed me what 's important in life , man , " he said in his bio . "  It 's not getting as many houses as I can , not driving the biggest cars . What 's important is family and being healthy . " Tisdale averaged 15 points and six rebounds a game over a 12-year NBA career , during which he played with the Indiana Pacers , Sacramento Kings and Phoenix Suns , according to the NBA Web site . "  He was the nicest man in the world with the biggest heart and an even bigger smile , " Reggie Miller , Tisdale 's teammate with the Pacers in the late 1980s , said in a statement to the Indianapolis Star . "  I thank him for befriending me and showing me there is more to life than just basketball . " Sam Perkins , also a former Indiana Pacer and best man at Tisdale 's wedding , told the Indianapolis Star that Tisdale 's enthusiasm went beyond the court . "  That 's a real friend who 's got your back and would do just about anything for you , " Perkins said . "  That smile just gets you . He was upbeat all the time . " Former NBA player and coach Avery Johnson told the Indianapolis Star Tisdale was always smiling and had an unbelievably upbeat attitude . "  Every time he came in a room or before a game , he always had that smile , " Johnson said . "  Now , he would elbow you afterward , but he always had that smile . " Tisdale was also considered a Sooner superstar during his stint at Oklahoma University . "  Wayman 's one of the biggest reasons why I chose Oklahoma , " said Stacey King , Tisdale 's Oklahoma teammate and a former Chicago Bulls player . "  I wanted to be part of something special , and it made logical sense to go to OU , because I wanted to pattern my game after him . I wanted to be like him . People used to talk about ` Be like Mike -LSB- Jordan -RSB- , ' but I wanted to be like Wayman . We 've lost a special person . I do n't think there will ever be another Wayman Tisdale . " His jazz recording career began in 1995 , two years before his 1997 NBA retirement , with a debut CD that rose to No. 4 on Billboard 's Contemporary Jazz chart and crossed over onto the R&B charts , the bio said . Subsequent songs -- including "  Ai n't No Stopping Us Now , " "  Ca n't Hide Love " and "  Do n't Take Your Love Away " -- were top radio hits . Singer and actor Jamie Foxx praised the basketball star 's music career , telling Rolling Stone magazine in 2005 that his all-time backup band would be "  Sheila E on the drums ; Herbie Hancock on the keys ; Earth , Wind and Fire singing backup vocals ; Prince and Slash on guitar ; Randy Jackson on percussion ; Wayman Tisdale on bass ; Kenny G on the sax with Branford Marsalis ; and Wynton Marsalis on trumpet . " Tisdale is survived by his wife , four children and one granddaughter .	NEW : Former teammates and friends mourn "  the nicest man in the world " Wayman Tisdale was college and pro basketball star , later jazz bassist Tisdale had two-year battle with cancer ; he was 44 when he died Friday Death called "  a complete shock " ; Tisdale was about to record with Norman Brown
CNN  -- The horrors of war are best illustrated in the drawings . In one sketch , a child details a helicopter and warplane firing over a tank shooting a missile . Underneath , men fire guns at each other as a stick figure lies on the ground nearby . The Syrian civil war has taken a massive psychological and physical toll on the most innocent of victims -- the children . More than 2 million Syrian children have been afflicted by trauma , malnutrition or disease , the aid group Save the Children said in a report Wednesday . The fighting has left one in three kids with injuries . And it has decimated vaccination programs across the country , with about two-thirds of children in northern Syria without protection against preventable diseases . U.N. : Number of Syrian refugees escalating at rapid rate Nowhere to hide With more than 3 million buildings pummeled by attacks , children and parents across the country are running out of places to take cover . About 80,000 Syrians are now sleeping in caves , parks or barns , Save the Children said . Those slightly more fortunate pack into overcrowded apartments or homes with other families . But with the front lines of war shifting daily , no dwelling is spared from the bombings . "  Most of the houses were being hit . We had to stay in one room , all of us . The other rooms were being hit , " 12-year-old Yasmine told the agency . "  The shelling was constant . ... I knew we could not move from that one room . There were 13 of us ... crammed into one room . We did not leave that room for two weeks . " When her father finally ventured out , Yasmine 's life changed forever . "  I watched my father leave , and watched as my father was shot outside our home , " the girl said . "  I started to cry , I was so sad . We were living a normal life , we had enough food . Now , we depend on others . Everything changed for me that day . " Prince Charles visits Syrian refugee camp Traumatized by grief Yasmine 's ordeal is just one of countless stories of children struggling with the killings of family members . A new study from Bahcesehir University in Turkey found three in every four Syrian children interviewed had lost a loved one because of the fighting , Save the Children said . "  I do n't think there is a single child untouched by this war , " a resident named Safa said . "  Everyone has seen death . Everyone has lost someone . " Used as pawns They 're too young to fight , too young to fire a weapon . But that does n't mean they 've been spared from the front lines . "  Children are increasingly being put directly in harm 's way as they are being recruited by armed groups and forces , " Save the Children said . "  There have even been reports that children as young as eight have been used as human shields . " A recent U.N. report echoes this finding , saying government and rebel forces have recruited boys as young as 12 . No school to go to Ten-year-old Noura said she loved going to school . But like thousands of students , now there is no school to attend . "  I stopped going to school when the shelling started . It was n't safe , " Noura told the aid group . "  I feel sad that my school was burned because my school reminds me of my friends . " More than 2,000 schools across the country have been damaged , with many more turned into emergency shelters , the group said . Any way out Save the Children called for the U.N. Security Council to unite on a plan that will bring an end to the civil war . But two years of U.N. diplomacy , negotiations and chronic stalemates at the Security Council have so far failed to produce an effective solution in Syria . Earlier this year , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad announced a plan to resolve the conflict , which included national dialogue and a new constitution that would be put up for a public referendum . But there 's a major caveat : Al-Assad said he refuses to deal with "  terrorists , " a term the government often uses to describe the opposition seeking to end 42 years of al-Assad family rule . Similarly , opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any solution that does n't involve the president 's departure . "  We do n't know who is right and who is wrong , but I know we civilians are paying the price , " a mother named Hiba said . "  I just wanted to keep my children safe . If I die , it is fine ... but not my children . "	Save the Children : Kids as young as 8 are reportedly used as human shields In northern Syria , about two-thirds of children lack proper vaccinations against diseases A 12-year-old describes watching her father get shot outside her home "  I stopped going to school when the shelling started . It was n't safe , " a child says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- One of Iran 's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast during the holy month of Ramadan , the team 's website reported . According to Steel Azin Football Club 's website , star player Ali Karimi was fired from the club after dismissing several warnings by a club official . "  Respecting God 's laws and honoring the sacred laws of Islam are of the utmost importance to Steel Azin and unfortunately these matters have not been adhered to by the named player , " the report said . The club also accused Karimi , 31 , of insulting Iranian Football Federation officials . According to Iran 's semi-official ISNA news agency , Karimi denied any wrongdoing of that he had insulted Iran 's Football Federation . "  I am a Muslim and I do respect Islam , " Karimi said , according to ISNA . Karimi -- dubbed the ` Maradona of Asia ' and the ` Wizard of Tehran ' -- is one of the most recognizable faces in Iranian sports . After a four-year stint with UAE-based side Al-Ahli Karimi moved to Bundesliga side Bayern Munich where he played in the title-winning side led by Felix Magath . Karimi grew into a pivotal attacker for Iran 's national team , becoming the second most capped player in the sides ' history and scoring 36 goals in 112 appearances . National law in Iran states that all Muslims are required to observe fasting during the holy month of Ramadan which started on Thursday .	Team says player refused to honor Ramadan fast Top player Ali Karimi fired from team though attacking midfielder denies accusation Karimi is second most capped player in the history of the Iranian national side
CNN  -- Fireworks boom , bulbs flash , and flames flicker as tens of millions of people across the globe celebrate the beginning of the Festival of Lights . Diwali -- from the word Deepavali , meaning "  row of lights " -- is observed by Hindu , Sikh and Jain communities , who celebrate for five days in autumn to mark the victory of light over darkness . This year , the festival begins on November 3 , with splashes of color , lighting displays and blaring parties set to greet Diwali 's arrival . Celebrated for centuries across much of the Indian subcontinent , Diwali is now exploding : spreading the promise of wealth , knowledge and happiness to new communities across the world . From India For the Diwali newcomer , photographer Roy del Vecchio expertly captures the outsider 's inauguration into the festival -- snapping the delighted face of a man who had invited him to join the celebrations on his roof . 39-year-old del Vecchio says he had traveled to Rajasthan to see the festival , when the man holding the sparkler had invited to join him and his sons to light fireworks and share traditional sweets . More CNN Celebrates : Halloween -- Some of you are pretty twisted Fireworks are said to drive away evil spirits and , at this time of year , many Hindus will also clean the house and light small oil-burning lanterns to attract Lakshmi , the goddess of wealth into the home . But the celebration is anticipated with excitement by many across India -- as well as neighboring Sri Lanka and Nepal -- regardless of religious beliefs . "  I do celebrate Diwali , more for the spirit of the festival , rather than its religious implications , " says iReporter Samarjit Mazumdar from Bangalore , India . To the World Mazumdar captured one of Diwali 's traditional symbols : a Swastika assembled from marigold flowers , which symbolizes peace , the 32-year-old explains . But this year 's celebrations are likely to be anything but peaceful , with an explosion of Diwali parties lighting up cities across the world . Recent years have seen Diwali parties pop up in locations from Ontario , Canada to Melbourne , Australia , where traditional Diwali celebrations mix with showcases for Indian food , music , dance , and film . From Singapore 's Little India district to rural Somerset , UK , iReporters have sent pictures of Diwali lights shining out . Meanwhile in Guyana , a huge motorcade rolls through the capital Georgetown -- as captured by Guyana native Amanda Richards . The country 's 200,000-strong Hindu population line the route and often wait for hours to see the parade pass by . Richards says she 's already planning where she 'll go to wait for this year 's motorcade -- and join the millions of others across the world hoping to catch a glimpse of the lights .	Diwali , known as the Festival of Lights , is celebrated by by Hindu , Sikh and Jain communities The festival has spread from India to become a global celebration CNN iReporters captured dazzling Diwali parties from Guyana to Canada
Along the Bowery in Manhattan , people waited in a line that would challenge any fancy art gallery opening or exclusive New York City club . But what brought these people here on a cool sunny Thursday afternoon was n't art or exclusivity , it was cats . Well , cats and coffee . Cat Caf opened its doors Thursday , for cat lovers and the cat-curious to enjoy complimentary "  cat ` achino " cappuccinos , talk cat health and learn about cat adoption with 16 cuddly cats . Pet food brand Purina ONE is hosting the caf as a pop-up shop , lasting only through Sunday , but organizers hope the event encourages cat health awareness and adoption . "  The goal of what we 're doing here is try to start a conversation about cat health . What better place to do that then over a cup of coffee with some friends in a caf ? We thought if people are going to be talking about cat health , you should be among your subjects and have cats all around you , " said Niky Roberts with Purina ONE . "  It 's a great thing because dogs are very publicly social -- you can take your dog out and go for a walk , talk to people at the dog park -- but that 's not a luxury most cat owners have , so this is a place you can talk with likeminded people about cat health and be among cats . " As cat people sipped cappuccinos with cat faces drawn in the foam and flicked furry , feathered balls attached to sticks by string at feline guests , Roberts said the caf featured a "  Cat Chat " speaker series with discussions led by a cat behaviorist , a veterinarian and other cat experts . Nearby , Valerie the cat had been camped out on Casey Schimon for about an hour , when someone came over to say Valerie had been adopted . "  I 'm so excited for her , because she is seriously the most precious thing , and somebody is going to be very happy , " an only slightly sad looking Schimon said . Purina ONE partnered with North Shore Animal League , a large , no-kill animal rescue and adoption organization based in Long Island , New York , to bring 16 specially chosen cats from around the country to hang out at the caf . "  So far I think we 've had about four cats adopted , but on Saturday we 're having an event here where we 'll have our mobile unit that will have additional cats available for adoption , and we 're always encouraging people to come over to the shelter in Long Island where we have over a hundred adoptable cats , " said Christina Travalja , shelter director for North Shore Animal League America . Cat coffee houses started in Asia , have gained popularity in Europe , and there are talks of opening a few in such places as California , Oregon and Canada . Bu for now , organizers say the Cat Caf in New York is the first feline coffee spot in North America . "  I just want to look at cats . I really like them . I go to school here , so I 'm far from my cats . I just wanted to get my fill , " said Melissa Torres , who waited nearly two hours to get in the caf , "  You hear about them in Japan , and I always thought I would have to go to Japan to go to a cat caf . For those who were n't in New York or could n't handle the line , scenes from inside the cat caf were Livestreamed with more than 5,000 people watching around the world . The hashtag #CatCafe was used to spark conversations about the event and cat health on social media . By mid-day there had been more than 3,000 mentions of Cat Caf on Twitter , about 74 per hour , and 178 "  news mentions " of Cat Caf . At least 30 videos had been posted with Cat Caf in the title . For others , social media merely spread the word and would never make up for seeing the felines up close . "  I 'm just really excited about the cat caf -- hopefully I 'll be able to pet some cats ! " said Stephanie Leoutsakos , who had been standing in line for a half hour and still had n't made it around the block . John Tolas was waiting in line next to her and said , "  I heard it on Facebook , I told her , she loves cats , so now we 're here . "	The Cat Cafe in Manhattan is a pop-up shop that 's a first in North America Feline lovers gathered to talk cat health over coffee , play with cats up for adoption Cat cafes started in Asia and are spreading to Europe
CNN  -- Ahh , summer -- a time of sun-drenched picnics where one partakes in three-legged races , whimsical games of croquet and copious pours of wine  the sweet nectar sucked from the recesses of paper bags so as to avoid the long arm of Johnny Law , of course  . And everyone knows that those picnics will fade into foggy , watercolor memories if not obsessively documented . While a lucky few of us have a trusty photog friend who 's always on hand to snap golden-hued pictures of our glorious glory days , others must rely on another , more mechanical companion for our photo-grabbing needs : one 's smartphone . Thankfully , there are scads of photo-taking and sharing apps out there that are sure to get more play this summer than that chick over there in the Lolita-esque crop top . Some are , shall we say , more exhibitionist than others  like the aforementioned chick  . Here 's our take on four apps for everyone from rabid shutterbugs to shut-ins . For storytellers Are you one of those people who comes into work every Monday with winding tales about driving out into the desert and communing with the cacti about fourth-dimensional time shifts as your friends dance in a daisy chain and the sun sets gorgeously in the background ? Well , now you can document every leg of your spiritual journey with a new app for iPhone and iPod touch called Blurb Mobile , which allows you create stories with photo , video and audio . You can then share those multimedia tales via Facebook , Twitter and e-mail , so that your work friends can experience your transcendent weekend  or laugh at your cactus convo  right along with you . For voyeurs Ever wonder what your neighbors are up to at those swingin ' hot tub party BBQs they 're always throwing ? Well , put down the binoculars and download Color , a photo/video-sharing app for iPhone  and Android , soon  that allows you to see photos and videos from other users in your vicinity . There 's no "  friending " on Color -- you 're just shown pictures taken by people you hang out with on a regular basis  determined via location technology  . We can see the app being a standby at many a festival this summer  it was already featured at the Sweetlife Music Festival in D.C.  -- especially for those concert-goers crammed in the back behind lumbering show ogres . Still , every pic on Color is public , so if you plan on snapping some sexy shots of you and your honey behind the bandstand , uh , you might want to use a point-and-shoot . For socialites If every Facebook notification sends a thrill shooting through your deepest core , iPhone appInstagram will likely bring you to crisis . Instagram is basically a photo-sharing social network , which allows you to follow other users and comment on and "  Favorite " their snaps -- in which everyone is beautiful and '70s esque thanks to a cadre of flattering filters . Yeah , that sunset is rad , but would n't it be radder if five people affirmed its beauty by tossing you a "  Like " ? Do n't have an iPhone ? PicPlz is pretty darn similar to Instagram . For Greta Garbo Not everyone is big into sharing their lives with the whole block -- gossiping on front stoops as night falls , or finding out the latest neighborhood news from Debra at the diner . No , some of us would rather divulge our secrets to a particular group of friends -- you know , like your model train enthusiasts society , or your historical reenactment club . Enter Path , an iPhone photo/video app that only allows you to share snaps with up to 50 friends  within the app and on Facebook  , max . The figure stems from the work of Oxford psychologist Rubin Dunbar , who says that humans can only handle maintaining relationships with up to 150 people . Because , let 's face it , you probably do n't have more than 50 pals who would be down to check out snaps from that recreation of the Civil War you 're planning on staging down at Fort Sumter this summer .	There are scads of photo-taking and sharing apps that deserve some play this summer From Color and Instagram to Path and Blurb Mobile , here 's a look at some of the best
CNN  -- Boy with stutter stops talking for ten years before going on to become one of the most revered voices in cinema history . It is a script Hollywood would have been proud to pen . But there was no need as this is the story of James Earl Jones , arguably the most well-known voice in modern cinema . The voice behind Darth Vader 's mask in the "  Star Wars " trilogy told CNN 's Becky Anderson that from the ages of five to 14 he barely spoke a word . "  I stuttered so badly I gave up talking , " Earl Jones said . He remembers the misery his condition caused him and says he is indebted to an English teacher who helped give him the confidence to start speaking again . "  We were reading great literature , and the idea of being able to say those words really inspired me . I never expected to be able to write things like that , but I did want to enjoy saying them . " Although his father was an actor the idea of acting had not occurred to the teenage Earl Jones he says . "  But the English teacher encouraged me saying : ` if you like the words you 've got to be able to say them ' . That 's what started it . " Despite voicing one of the most famous villains in film history , Earl Jones kept quiet about his contribution until Darth Vader was killed in "  Return of the Jedi " -- the final installment of the original "  Star Wars " trilogy . He says it was fun to keep everyone guessing . "  It became a big mystery -- ` who was that inside the mask ? ' " he said . "  They used to say it sounds like Geoffrey Holder -LSB- the Trinidadian actor who famously starred in the 1973 James Bond film "  Live and Let Die " -RSB- . And I would say yes it does . Geoffrey has a slight Trinidadian accent . It was more fun denying it than it was admitting it until the episode where Darth dies . Then I accepted credit for it . " Earl Jones has starred or voiced in more than 100 films as well as being the voice of the CNN network but he is currently enjoying a highly successful return to the stage . The Toni award-winning actor has been playing the role of Big Daddy in Tennessee Williams classic drama "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof " since 2008 . The show ran on New York 's Broadway for nealy two years before transferring to the Novello Theatre in London 's West End in November last year .	Voice of Darth Vader was a mute for nearly 10 years as a child James Earl Jones suffered from a stutter as a boy but overcame it to star in over 100 films Returned to the theater in 2008 to play Big Daddy in classic drama "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof "
CNN  -- He 's perhaps the most powerful and popular politician Turkey has seen in generations . But Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan may also be the most polarizing . And now , the man who boasts economic and political accomplishments during 10 years in office is fending off complaints from large crowds of protesters that he 's turning into a "  dictator . " "  The only thing that we want , " said one of the thousands packed into anti-government demonstrations in Istanbul , " ... we want him to resign . " The editorial board of The Washington Post said Erdogan "  is offering unfortunate proof that it is possible to be both elected and authoritarian . " His accomplishments in office include unprecedented economic growth in Turkey . "  Erdogan has been a key part of that success . He has vision , drive , and his supporters united around him and push for the agenda he is building , " said Tim Ash , head of emerging markets for Standard Bank . The prime minister has also spearheaded political reforms that brought Turkey more in line with the European Union -- and closer to the West . Despite economic boom , Erdogan targeted by protests Under Erdogan and his ruling AKP party , Turkey lifted curbs on public expression of religion , including strict limits on women wearing Islamic-style headscarves . And he 's made significant progress in ending the 30 years of guerrilla war with Kurdish separatists . Erdogan is an important ally of the United States and President Barack Obama , and a key political player in efforts to resolve the crisis in Syria . But along the way , critics say , he has steadily accumulated more and more power and shown growing intolerance of dissent . With his term set to end next year , Erdogan has repeatedly announced plans to transform the country 's political system from a prime ministerial form of government to a more powerful presidential system , with himself as head of state . Many journalists say press freedoms in Turkey have declined under his rule . Reporters Without Borders says Turkey "  is currently the world 's biggest prison for journalists , especially those who express views critical of the authorities on the Kurdish issue . " Erdogan rejects the accusations against him . "  I have nothing to say if they call the person who has committed himself to serving his nation a dictator , " Erdogan said in a televised address . Opinion : Is Turkey on the verge of a meltdown ? Demonstrators say otherwise . "  He has a big ego ; he has this Napoleon syndrome . He takes himself as a sultan , " said Yakup Efe Tuncay , a 28-year-old demonstrator who carried a Turkish flag in Gezi Park , ground zero for the protest movement . "  He needs to stop doing that . He 's just a prime minister . " Others have different complaints about Erdogan . Many secular Turks complain that the Islamist-rooted government is intolerant of criticism and diverse lifestyles , as evidenced by the recent enactment of tight restrictions on the sale of alcohol , Fadi Hakura , manager of the Turkey Project at the London-based think tank Chatham House , said in a CNN.com column . Critics also complain about rapid urbanization and its effects on the environment , an issue that helped spark the initial protests in Gezi Park . Erdogan has made clear he expects to hold on to power . The protests , he says , will not prove to be a "  Turkish Spring , " a reference to the Arab Spring that brought regime changes in several nations . Staunch supporters continue to stand by him . "  He 's a man 's man , " said Cengizhan Safi , a resident of Kasimpasa , the Istanbul neighborhood that Erdogan grew up in . "  We love him a lot because he 's a Muslim Turk and because he 's from Kasimpasa . " Safi added that he and others do n't take the protesters seriously . "  Because they are the minority . We are already the owners of this country . " Erdogan has said that if he wanted to mobilize his supporters on the streets , he could bring out huge crowds . But many in the region speculate that he 's losing support . As such suggestions have surfaced on social media , Erdogan slammed Twitter for helping people spread "  lies . " Social media , he said , "  is the worst menace to society . " While it 's unclear how the protests will affect his future , he 's not new to being the subject of controversy . In a 2011 online poll fueled by Turkish social media sites , more people picked Erdogan to be Time 's Person of the Year than any other candidate . But at the same time , more people voted against the idea than for it . As Time put it , Erdogan was simultaneously the poll 's "  most - and least-favored Person of the Year . " CNN 's Gul Tuysuz and John Defterios contributed to this report .	NEW : PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan is "  a man 's man , " and protesters "  the minority , " a supporter says Erdogan is powerful and polarizing Critics say he has accumulated more and more power and shown intolerance of dissent His accomplishments include unprecedented economic growth
CNN  -- A forlorn and frightened pygmy elephant calf , reaching out its trunk to touch its dead mother . That 's the heartbreaking scene local authorities came across recently as they patrolled the Gunung Rara Forest Reserve in northeastern Borneo . The mother was one of 14 elephants , the latest one discovered Thursday , found dead over the past few weeks in the forest reserve . Officials believe they were poisoned , though the cause of death is still being determined . "  Poisoning elephants is a very common practice in these parts of the world , " said Barney Long , the World Wildlife Fund 's Asian species expert . "  The elephants are usually poisoned with bait such as pineapple , palm oil or bananas . The poison is fast-acting and can kill up to a whole herd . " The purpose of poisoning the elephants : to make the land safe for farming . "  This is a very sad day for conservation and Sabah , " said Malaysia 's environment and tourism minister , Masidi Manjun , in a news release . Sabah , one of 13 Malaysian states , is home to Gunung Rara and the remaining pygmy elephants . "  The death of these majestic and severely endangered Borneo elephants is a great loss to the state . " Approximately 1,200 of the endangered pygmy elephants remain in the wild , Long said . The elephants like low-lying , open areas in Sabah where they can feed easily , but they have also been known to roam into plantations and villages where they cause damage and losses to farmers and villagers alike . Masidi said he has directed the Sabah Wildlife Department , which is in charge of the Gunung Rara Forest Reserve , to set up a joint task force with entities such as the Forestry Department , the forestry group Yayasan Sabah , the World Wildlife Fund and police to investigate these deaths . "  If indeed these poor elephants were maliciously poisoned , I will make sure that the culprits are brought to justice and pay for their crime , " he said in the news release . The World Wildlife Fund , in a separate statement , said it "  is providing support to the Sabah Wildlife Department and is part of the special task force that has been set up by the department to further investigate the matter . " "  Our patrolling teams worked closely with the department in unearthing the incident , " WWF-Malaysia 's executive director , Dionysius S K Sharma , said in the statement . "  The central forest landscape in Sabah needs to be protected totally from conversions " from forest to farmland , he said . "  All conversion approvals need to be reviewed by the Sabah Forestry Department and assessed not purely from commercial but the endangered species and landscape ecology perspectives . "  Conversions result in fragmentation of the forests , which in turn results in loss of natural habitat for elephant herds , thus forcing them to find alternative food and space , putting humans and wildlife in direct conflict . " Holistic , long-term solutions need to be put in place to address and mitigate the problem , Dionysius said . While the cause of the elephants ' deaths is being investigated , the future of the little calf found by his mother 's side is uncertain . The calf , now named Joe , is said to be in the care of the Sabah Wildlife Department , but officials hope to have him rejoin a herd as soon as possible .	Fourteen elephants have been found dead in recent weeks in Malaysia World Wildlife Fund suspects poisoning , and government officials are investigating Elephants are poisoned sometimes to make land safe for farming
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Heather Mills , the estranged wife of Paul McCartney , was granted nearly # 25 million  $ 50 million  in her divorce proceedings with the former Beatle , she said Monday . Mills and McCartney , pictured before divorce proceedings , married in 2002 and have a young daughter . Mills said she will not appeal the award , but she will appeal the publication of the hearing transcript , which she said McCartney has asked for . In an 11-minute statement to reporters outside the High Court after the verdict , Mills said she was pleased that the bitter divorce hearings had ended . "  I 'm so glad it 's over and it was an incredible result , in the end , to secure my and my daughter 's future , and that of all the charities that I obviously plan on helping , " said Mills , dressed in a khaki , green and blue suit with a bright red shirt . Mills has established a career as a campaigner and charity worker since losing a leg in a road accident in 1993 . Watch Mills react to the decision " Judge Hugh Bennett awarded Mills , who represented herself , # 24.3 million  $ 48.6 million  , according to the court 's release . She had sought an award of nearly # 125 million  $ 251 million  , the court said . McCartney had proposed # 15.8 million  $ 31.6 million  , it said . Read the court 's statement The judgment included # 35,000  $ 70,000  a year for the couple 's 4-year-old daughter , Beatrice . Mills said she was unhappy with that amount because it is n't enough for school tuition , private security , or first-class airfare . "  He likes her to fly five times a year on holiday , " Mills said of McCartney . "  It 's # 17,000 for two people return  round-trip  first class , so that 's obviously not meant to happen for her anymore . It 's very sad . " According to the court 's release , the award includes # 600,000  $ 1.2 million  a year for Mills and # 2.5 million  $ 5 million  for her to purchase property in London . Mills said she would appeal to stop the publication of the entire judgment because it contains private details about Beatrice and she does n't want them released . The judge has granted permission for the litigants to speak publicly , she said . Watch how the McCartney/Mills court battle may not be over " McCartney did not speak to reporters after the verdict . Mills said that as a "  litigant in person , " or a litigant representing herself , the system worked against her at every turn . "  These people are in a club , " she said . "  It 's like they want to stay together and they do n't want to see a litigant in person doing well . " She said the judge did not agree with her on important details , including how long the couple lived together or even McCartney 's personal wealth , which she estimated at # 800 million  $ 1.6 billion  . She said the judge estimated it to be half of that . "  I wo n't go into all the horrific details of what happened because I 'm just glad it 's over , " Mills said . "  I really hope now that me and my daughter can have a life and not be followed every single day , and that is why I 've come out -- to give it closure . " McCartney and Mills failed to agree on a settlement ending their four-year marriage in divorce hearings last month , leaving the judge to decide the terms . McCartney and Mills married in 2002 after meeting at a charity event . At the time of their split in 2006 , they described it as amicable , despite widespread reports of a tempestuous relationship between McCartney and the former model . Mills has since lashed out at news media coverage of the divorce , which she said has been unfair to her and driven her to the brink of suicide . In a television interview last year , Mills said she had endured "  18 months of abuse , worse than a murderer or pedophile . " Monday 's divorce settlement fell short of the previous record for a litigated divorce settlement in Britain . An award of # 48 million  $ 96 million  was handed down last year , according to British divorce lawyer Julian Lipson . See a list of expensive celebrity divorces " E-mail to a friend	Paul McCartney 's ex-wife claims nearly $ 50M payout in divorce ruling Heather Mills says she is "  so glad " long-running divorce over Ruling follows collapse of ex-Beatle 's four-year marriage to former model
CNN  -- The head of Iran 's soccer federation issued a public apology and a member of his staff resigned after the federation mistakenly sent a New Year 's greeting to its counterpart in Israel , Iranian officials announced Sunday . "  It was a big mistake sending an e-mail to Israel 's football federation , " Ali Kaffashian , president of the Iran Football Federation , said in a statement carried by the semi-official Mehrs News Agency . "  However , I am sure the director of the foreign relations office did n't do it on purpose . " Kaffashian said Iran 's soccer league routinely sends New Year 's greetings to all members of FIFA , the sport 's global federation , except for Israel . Iran does not recognize Israel , which it dismisses as the "  Zionist entity , " and the two countries ' teams do not meet in international competitions . Mohammad-Mansour Azimzadeh Ardebili , the head of the league 's foreign relations office , resigned over the matter , Kaffashian said .	New Year 's e-mail to Israel was a mistake , Iranian officials say Iran does n't recognize Israel Iran 's soccer federation usually sends greetings to all FIFA members except Israel Head of the Iranian federation 's foreign relations office resigns
CNN  -- J.C. Chandor is one of Hollywood 's hot new names . For his feature film debut , "  Margin Call , " he wrote the script and directed a cast that included Kevin Spacey , Jeremy Irons and Demi Moore . His work on the film , about a Wall Street firm facing collapse after an employee  Zachary Quinto  finds out its holdings are going to be worthless , has garnered him an Oscar nomination for best original screenplay . His next film stars Robert Redford as a man lost at sea . At 37 , he may seem like a wunderkind , but the former commercial director has been looking for his break for 15 years . He spoke to CNN about how the film came together , the challenges of building tension and his promising future . The following has been edited and condensed from the original transcript . CNN : "  Margin Call " had a great cast . Were there problems in attracting it ? J.C. Chandor : Attaching actors was actually not really the challenging thing with the film . Getting actors to say yes is one thing , but having the money there and the crew there and have everything happen at the same time is where you run into quasi-impossibility . For a long time , we had the actors but no money . CNN : Jeremy Irons plays the head of the firm and pressures it to dump its bad investments on others so it can save itself . He 's been characterized as the villain . Chandor : The interesting thing is that Jeremy Irons ' character is right , certainly following all norms of common understanding of business ethics . He has a piece of information before anybody else does , there 's a fair market value set for something , and he has a responsibility to his shareholders and his employees and his company to do something about that . The tension comes from  the fact  that the audience wants one of  the employees  to do something . Hopefully , as the information travels up the chain of command , you see  the characters  in their own way regretting , or glossing over and moving on , or all the different emotions that happen when you see your own role in a tremendously damaging event . CNN : Your background was making commercials . Any we 'd recognize ? Chandor : I never was a very prominent commercial director , to say the least . I did a lot of things for energy drinks and Subaru , rally racing and Red Bull . Lots and lots of different industrials . If it was underpaid and under-budgeted , I was doing it . CNN : Now that you 're an Oscar nominee , are projects now falling into your lap ? Chandor : Yeah . Amazingly , this has been sort of the cherry on the sundae . The reception to my script once we were in production was very strong . The biggest trick in the game , even at studio films , is to try and get actors attached to your piece . We had managed to attract this cast without any money , without a studio , without anything else . It 's been a slow , pleasant climb over the last two years since we shot the film . The film was very well received for what it was , which has allowed me to direct again , and everybody made their money back , so I 've been pretty blessed from that standpoint . So now we got ta go keep trying to get the opportunity to do this again .	J.C. Chandor has an Oscar nomination for "  Margin Call " screenplay Script attracted name actors , but it was hard to get financing , he says Movie concerns Wall Street firm holding bad paper at risk of going under
CNN  -- He has been captured by bank surveillance cameras in four states , sneering and holding a pistol sideways during heists . The FBI is searching for this suspect , who they say has robbed at least 10 banks in the South . Now authorities hope to catch the serial bank robber by plastering his image on electronic billboards throughout the South . The FBI is searching for the suspect , who they say has robbed at least 10 banks in Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee . The brazen bandit has been captured in surveillance footage sporting the same close-cropped hairstyle and goatee in many of the holdups . He does not seem to make any effort to cover his face and sometimes is seen aiming a handgun sideways , showing his tattoos on both forearms as he gestures at bank employees . "  It is uncommon to come in to a bank and show his face like he does , " said FBI agent Kevin Keithley . Watch how the FBI hunts bank robbers " The FBI has tracked the bank robber 's path on a map that crisscrosses the southern United States . The billboards that went up Monday roughly follow the path that the bank robber took , the FBI said . The billboards are in Alabama , Kentucky , Georgia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia , the FBI said in a statement . His odyssey has spanned more than 600 miles north , from Charleston , South Carolina , to Louisville , Kentucky , and about 500 miles east , from Knoxville , Tennessee , to Edenton , North Carolina . The robberies started in May and the most recent one was last week in Tennessee , Keithley said . The suspect is described as white , about 25 years old , 5 feet 9 to 5 feet 11 , 170 to 175 pounds . He has short , reddish-brown hair and an unshaven goatee , the FBI said . The suspect has not yet harmed anybody in the robberies but the FBI considers him extremely dangerous . "  This guy has made no effort to hide the gun , " Keithley said . "  He has threatened the use of it in every bank robbery he has committed . He has put the gun in the faces of tellers , threatened to use the gun against them . So we want to get this guy in custody before he harms anyone . " In surveillance video of a robbery in Fletcher , North Carolina , the suspect is seen talking into a handheld radio , said an FBI official involved in the investigation . In a South Carolina robbery , a wireless phone device is seen on his ear . "  That prompted us to look at the prospect of another suspect out there helping him , and we continue to look for that angle but have no leads into that as of now , " the FBI official said . Authorities are also working with police agencies , corrections departments and others who use facial recognition technology , the official said , and are working with corrections departments on tattoo identifications , recorded by prisons in some states . Since the national billboard program began in 2008 , the billboards have been directly responsible for the apprehension of at least 20 fugitives , said Stephen Emmett , spokesman for the FBI 's Atlanta office . "  We try to reserve the billboards for the more mobile , more egregious , violent offenders , because we understand we 're pulling resources away from a corporate entity , and we try not to take advantage of that , " he said . "  But they are a very valuable tool to law enforcement in these type of cases where the individual is highly mobile and very dangerous . " The bank robbery suspect has distinctive tattoos on his forearms , Emmett noted . "  Somebody will recognize these tattoos . Somebody will recognize this individual . The remarkable thing about this serial bank robber is that he did not attempt whatsoever to disguise himself . The photographs from these cases are very good , very detailed . The public will know who this individual is . " He said his past experience , as well as statistics , show that "  there are addiction issues with the majority of these bank robbers , and that provides a bad additional ingredient to this bank robbery scenario . You have an individual going into a bank with a gun , in a reckless manner , and now he might actually be on drugs and strung out on drugs . So that makes this even more imperative , to get this individual off the street before anybody gets hurt and to get him the help that he needs . " Robbing banks is not as lucrative as the public might believe , he said , and "  with addiction-type motives by these robbers , they tend to get only enough money to get their next fix . " It 's possible the suspect 's family members may not know of his activities , Emmett said . "  He 's an individual that we want off of the street in the worst way , " he said , "  and we feel these billboards are a tool . We feel the photographs from the banks are going to make that happen . " The FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber or who has information in the case to call 423-282-8090 . A reward is being offered . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Bank robbery suspect does not seem to make any effort to cover his face Police say suspect has hit 10 banks in the South FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber to call 423-282-8090
CNN  -- Apple has published a letter to Chinese customers -- signed by CEO Tim Cook -- that addresses the growing controversy over the company 's warranty policies there . Posted to the Chinese version of Apple 's website on Monday , the letter  Google translation  discusses changes that Apple plans in China to offer better customer service . In addition to a clear statement on Apple 's website regarding its repair and warranty policies , Apple also plans to increase training for its staff and authorized resellers , and plans to improve how it handles iPhone 4 and 4S repairs . "  We are aware ... the lack of external communication in this process ... lead to the speculation that Apple is arrogant , does not care or does not attach importance to consumer feedback . We express our sincere apologies for any concerns or misunderstandings this gives consumers , " reads a Google translation version of Cook 's letter . The letter comes about a week after Chinese state media began its open criticism of Apple and its response -- or lack thereof -- to warranty complaints . The People 's Daily even ran a front-page piece calling Apple "  arrogant " in dealing with Chinese consumers , saying Apple ignored customers and offered sub-par customer service . But China is such an important market to Apple -- Cook wo n't stop talking about Apple 's growth in China during every quarter 's fiscal call -- that it 's no surprise Apple issued a public response . It will likely take several weeks  if not months  for changes in consumer perceptions of Apple to register . That said , Apple has encouraged Chinese consumers to get in touch with the company directly regarding issues with Apple retail stores or resellers . " -LSB- W -RSB- e always harbor immense respect to China , the Chinese consumer is always the top priority of our hearts , " Cook wrote . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Apple CEO apologizes to Chinese customers Tim Cook says lack of communication made Apple look arrogant Chinese media had attacked Apple over warranty complaints
CNN  -- My name is Evan Moss and I 'm a 9-year-old boy who likes Pokemon ! A lot ! When I was 1 month old I started having seizures , and when I was 4 years old I went to Dr. Weiner and he gave me brain surgery to stop my seizures . It stopped my seizures for two years but not my appetite , it just kept on growing ! It is still growing . After two years my seizures came back and now they are longer . When was little I had like 15 small seizures a day . Now I have 10-minute seizures but I only have one every 14 days or so . I have two dogs . One is Dinky and the other is Mindy . Dinky is our family dog and he really belongs to my sister , Aria . Mindy is my seizure dog . Getting Mindy took a long time . We had to raise a lot of money and wait almost a year to meet her and then we had to drive from Virginia to Ohio to get Mindy . Having Mindy is very fun ! When I first got Mindy it was pretty hard because she did n't listen to me , but now she does and she knows a lot of commands . I 've even taught her some new things , like climbing up into the fort section of my swing set . The best thing about having Mindy is playing with her and I love racing with her . If she is on her leash she runs right next to me but I know she can run really fast . I have epilepsy but I can do some extraordinary things like ride a zip line ! Epilepsy can also be bad , though , and I 've heard about some seizures that can kill you ! Sometimes I worry that will happen to me but I do n't think about that too much , plus I have Mindy to help me . Mindy barks when I have a seizure so my parents will know . When I have a seizure , my mom and dad give me medicine to help stop the seizure . People ask me a lot what it feels like but it 's hard to describe and sometimes I do n't remember having a seizure . If I met someone who just found out they have epilepsy I 'd say , "  Do n't worry , you 're not in this alone ! "	Evan Moss wrote a book to raise funds for a seizure dog Getting the dog , Mindy , "  took a long time , " he says Evan has epilepsy ; Mindy barks when he has a seizure
Military veterans are dying needlessly because of long waits and delayed care at U.S. veterans hospitals , a CNN investigation has found . What 's worse , the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is aware of the problems and has done almost nothing to effectively prevent veterans dying from delays in care , according to documents obtained by CNN and interviews with numerous experts . The problem has been especially dire at the Williams Jennings Bryan Dorn Veterans Medical Center in Columbia , South Carolina . There , veterans waiting months for simple gastrointestinal procedures -- such as a colonoscopy or endoscopy -- have been dying because their cancers are n't caught in time . The VA has confirmed six deaths at Dorn tied to delays . But sources close to the investigation say the number of veterans dead or dying of cancer because they had to wait too long for diagnosis or treatment at this facility could be more than 20 . "  It 's very sad , because people died , " said Dr. Stephen Lloyd , a private physician specializing in colonoscopies in Columbia . Lloyd and other physicians across South Carolina 's capital city are being affected by the delays at Dorn as veterans seek treatment or diagnoses outside the VA hospital . Lloyd is one of the few doctors in the area willing to speak on the record about the situation at Dorn . "  Veterans  paid the ultimate price , " he said . "  People that had appointments had their appointments canceled and rescheduled much later . ... In some cases , that made an impact where they went into a later stage  of illness  and therefore lost the battle to live . " Oneal Sessions , a 63-year-old Vietnam veteran , said he was told by staff members at Dorn Medical Center this year that he did n't need a colonoscopy . Instead , he said , they gave him a routine test that would show whether he had polyps that are cancerous or in danger of becoming cancerous . Sessions said the VA told him to return in several years . Thanks for your service , vets ! Now try finding a job But he ignored that advice and had a colonoscopy in the office of his private physician , Lloyd . In that procedure , Lloyd found and removed four polyps . Two of those polyps were pre-cancerous , the physician said . Had Sessions waited another few years , Lloyd said , he could have had colon cancer . "  There is a little problem that the VA had , " Sessions said . "  My feeling is , the VA is not doing their ` pre-stuff ' that they should do to protect the veterans . " What happened at the Dorn hospital , however , was not just an oversight by the hospital . Government documents obtained exclusively by CNN and not made public show that the hospital knew that its growing waiting list and delays in care were having deadly consequences . Medical investigators reviewed the cases of 280 gastrointestinal cancer patients at Dorn and found that 52 were "  associated with a delay in diagnosis and treatment . " The government documents CNN obtained illustrate just how bad delays at Dorn got :  In May 2011 , a patient was brought into the emergency room needing urgent care after suffering multiple delays , and the documents state "  that was the facility 's first realization that patients were ` falling through the cracks . ' "  Another veteran had to wait nine months for a colonoscopy -- "  a significant delay , " according to VA records , that "  would have impacted the stage at which he was diagnosed . " The record indicates that by the time this veteran had surgery , his cancer was at stage 3 .  Still another patient recommended for possible disease of the esophagus had to wait four months for an appointment and 11 months for an endoscopy , at which time he learned that he had later-stage esophageal cancer . The internal VA report says that without the delay , "  his cancer would have been diagnosed much earlier . " And though the report does n't not say whether the veteran died , it does say that an earlier screening would have provided earlier detection "  with better survival . "  In July 2011 , a hospital physician sent a warning to administrators that the backlog for Dorn patients ' gastrointestinal appointments had reached 2,500 , and patients were waiting eight months -- until February 2012 -- for appointments .  By December 2011 , the documents show , the backlog at Dorn had grown to 3,800 patients , according to another warning e-mail from a physician . Read the full VA investigation board report  PDF Little was done to effectively resolve the problems , according to expert sources and documents . In September 2013 , the VA 's inspector general affirmed details of the delays at Dorn in stark language , stating that 700 of the delays for appointments or care were "  critical . " Read the full IG report on Dorn  PDF Perhaps most troubling of all is that the problem at the Dorn facility had been identified , and taxpayer money was given to fix the problem in September 2011 . "  We appropriated a million dollars  to Dorn  because VA asked for it , " said Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs . The documents obtained by CNN show that only a third of that $ 1 million from Congress was used for its intended purpose at Dorn : to pay for care for veterans on a waiting list . The VA "  will say , ` we redirected those dollars to go somewhere it was needed , ' " Miller said . "  Where would it be more needed than to prevent the deaths of veterans ? " At the same time , the documents show , the waiting list at Dorn kept growing to 3,800 patients in December 2011 . "  These are real people that we 're talking about , that are being harmed -- either made sick , will be sick in the future or have died , " Miller said . Documents and interviews show that the problem goes beyond delayed colonoscopies and other gastrointestinal procedures at Dorn . CNN has learned from documents and interviews that other VA facilities have been under scrutiny by officials over possible delays in treatment or diagnoses . Shortly before CNN published this report , the VA acknowledged that there have been concerns about delay of care at some of its facilities . At the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center in Augusta , Georgia , the VA said three veterans died as a result of delayed care . Internal documents at that facility showed a waiting list of 4,500 patients . The VA also acknowledged that it investigated delays at facilities in Atlanta , North Texas and Jackson , Mississippi . The VA said no "  adverse outcomes " because of delays were found at the VA centers in Texas and Mississippi . Homeless vet in makeover video has long road ahead CNN also has learned that , though little publicized , the problem is not new . "  Long wait times and a weak scheduling policy and process have been persistent problems for the VA , and both the GAO and the VA 's  inspector general  have been reporting on these issues for more than a decade , " said Debra Draper of the Government Accountability Office . Draper 's office has been reporting to Congress on the delays in care at the VA for years . It is so bad , she said , that she and her staff have found evidence that VA hospitals have tried to cover up wait times , fudge numbers and backdate delayed appointments in an effort to make things appear better than they are . She says that just getting someone to pick up the phone to make an appointment at a VA hospital can be difficult . And getting a detailed picture of the problem is nearly impossible , she said . "  It 's unclear how long it is being delayed , because no one can really give you accurate information , " Draper said . Despite numerous reports and subsequent recommendations by the GAO , the problems with delays persist at VA hospitals , Draper and other experts say . What veterans want you to know about military service "  Nothing has been implemented that we know of at this point , " Draper said . "  We 've reported similar things , as well as the inspector general has reported similar findings ... for over a decade . " In fact , time and time again , even at hospitals where veterans died waiting for care , administrators got bonuses , not demotions , according to congressional investigators . The House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs has created a website devoted to what investigators say shows ongoing problems at the VA , but the rewards system that Miller says is in place seems to encourage those problems . CNN 's repeated requests for interviews with the VA have been denied . Even Congress has had its requests for information ignored , Miller said . "  But unfortunately , if they treat members of Congress ... this way , imagine how they treat the average veteran out there , " said Miller . "  I can imagine the grief they may be going through . " The VA said in a statement to CNN , "  The Department of Veterans Affairs is committed to providing the best quality , safe and effective health care our Veterans have earned and deserve . We take seriously any issue that occurs at one of the more than 1,700 health care facilities across the country . The consult delay at Dorn VAMC has been resolved . " The statement added that cases are now tracked daily , and additional staff members were hired . But sources at Dorn -- both patients and medical staff -- tell CNN that 's just not true . The problems continue , and veterans are still facing delays that could be killing them . 9 simple ways you can help veterans	America 's war veterans are dying because of long waits and delayed care , CNN has found The VA is aware of the problems and has done little to address it , documents show More than 20 are believed to have died or are dying because of waits at one VA facility
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The legendary rock band KISS signed up to pay tribute to Michael Jackson in an October concert that will also headline Christina Aguilera , Leona Lewis , Smokey Robinson , Cee Lo Green and JLS , the promoters told CNN Monday . Musicians who played in Jackson 's touring band for the past two decades will also reunite as the house band for "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert " in Cardiff , Wales , according to promoter Global Live Events . Kevin Dorsey , who served as musical director for several Michael Jackson tours , will also direct the October 8 show , it was announced Monday . Katherine Jackson , matriarch of the musical family , appeared on CNN Monday to discuss the show , which will also include performances by her children and grandchildren . "  I know he would be very excited about KISS , " Michael Jackson 's mother said . But fan reaction posted on the concert 's Facebook page was negative to news that KISS would perform . "  This is a complete disgrace , " wrote one fan . "  You can kiss your audience goodbye folks . I doubt whether any self-respecting fan will pay a penny to see that man after the comments he made about Michael . I 'm shocked this act was even considered . " Many of the negative comments referred to a story published by the Canadian Press a week after Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , quoting KISS leader Gene Simmons concerning sexual molestation allegations against the pop star . The promoter appeared unaware of the controversy Monday when CNN asked for a reaction . It appeared unlikely the tribute stage would be the scene for a reunion for the surviving members of the Jackson 5 . Two of the brothers , Jermaine and Randy , have publicly objected to the show being held at the same time Michael Jackson 's doctor is on trial for his death . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement after their mother and four siblings endorsed the show . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death , " Jermaine and Randy Jackson said . Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial begins in September and is expected to continue through October . "  The trial is very important and I can understand how Randy and Jermaine feel , but it 's been two years , " Katherine Jackson told CNN Monday . "  I thought it was a good idea ; I 'd like to keep Michael 's legacy alive . " Katherine Jackson plans to attend the trial , although she will miss some days to fly to Wales to attend the show with Michael Jackson 's children , she said . "  It will be on a Saturday when the courtroom is dark , " Paul Ring , a Global Live Events executive said . Members of the Jackson family taking the stage October 8 include several of Michael Jackson 's brothers , "  the next generation of Jacksons , " and 3T , which consists of Tito Jackson 's three sons , the promoters said . Alternative rock band Alien Ant Farm and British R&B singer Craig David are also on the bill . "  This concert will unite various generations and musical genres , reminding everyone of just how amazing a talent Michael was , " Ring said . Fans can "  register their interest for tickets " online at www.michaelforevertribute.com . The concert in the Wales Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , which seats 75,000 people , would be at least four hours long , Global Live Events CEO Chris Hunt said . A spokesman for Michael Jackson 's estate said last month that the promoters never sought or obtained permission from the estate 's executors to use the late pop singer 's name or image . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " spokesman Jim Bates told CNN at the time .	NEW : Some Jackson fans object to KISS performing because of Gene Simmons ' comments NEW : Many of Michael Jackson 's back up musician will reuniute for the tribute Christina Aguilera , Leona Lewis , Smokey Robinson , Cee Lo Green and JLS are also signed Two generations of the Jackson family will take the stage in the Cardiff , Wales , show
CNN  -- The Pentagon is set to certify that the U.S. military is prepared to accept openly gay and lesbian service members , and doing so will not harm military readiness , a U.S. official told CNN on Thursday . According to the official , who spoke on condition of not being identified , an announcement of that certification -- which is required to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy -- is likely to come Friday . Under a bill passed last year that set up a process for repealing the controversial policy , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen , along with President Barack Obama , have to sign a certification that confirms the military 's ability to accept the integration of openly gay and lesbian troops . Even after certification , there will be a 60-day waiting period before the repeal is fully implemented . In a statement Thursday , one of the leading groups advocating for repeal , Servicemembers United , said it had expected Panetta to act on certification after assessing the situation since he succeeded Robert Gates as defense secretary on July 1 . "  We are glad to see that just three weeks into his tenure as secretary of defense , he  Panetta  is already confident that this policy change can take place with little or no disruption to military readiness , " said the Servicemembers United statement . Repealing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy would end a convoluted legal battle led by human rights and gay rights groups . A gay rights group -- the Log Cabin Republicans -- had sued over the 18-year-old ban on openly gay and lesbian members serving in the U.S. armed forces . In September U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips declared the military 's ban to be unconstitutional and demanded the government immediately stop enforcing it . U.S. officials have been moving ahead with dismantling "  do n't ' ask , do n't tell " but had objected to having the courts force the government to officially repeal it . The case put the Obama administration in an unusual position of supporting a repeal but at the same time filing court motions to prevent it from happening faster than planned . Last week , a federal appeals court temporarily reinstated the policy , but banned the military services from investigating or discharging anyone under the rule . The 9th U.S. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in California issued the order late Friday after the Obama administration asked it to reconsider its recent order temporarily blocking the policy . On Thursday , the Log Cabin Republicans filed a legal challenge to the appellate court 's temporary reinstatement of the policy , arguing that the unconstitutional statute would continue to harm the rights of gay and lesbian service members until it was fully repealed .	NEW : A group that sought the repeal praises new Defense Secretary Panetta An official says an announcement could come Friday Certification means the military is ready to accept openly gay and lesbian troops Full repeal would take place 60 days after certification
CNN  -- Thousands of mourners filled a Tracy , California , high school gym Thursday to remember slain 8-year-old Sandra Renee Cantu . Sandra Cantu , 8 , had been missing almost two weeks before her body was found . The little girl made national headlines after she went missing March 27 from a mobile home park in Tracy where she lived with her family . She was on her way to a friend 's home and her playful skipping down an alley was caught by a surveillance camera . Police later found her body stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a nearby dairy farm . Photos of Sandra , flowers and stuffed animals covered the front of the stage . Family members , friends and state dignitaries memorialized the child during a ceremony that lasted just over an hour . The printed program called the memorial service "  A Celebration of Life , " and organizers said they hoped the service would help ease the pain the community has suffered since Sandra 's disappearance . "  We are left with the haunting image of her skipping on the streets of Tracy . But today she is skipping on the streets of gold , into the arms of a loving God " , said Brent Ives , mayor of Tracy . Cindy Sasser , principal at Jacobsen Elementary School told mourners , "  We should all strive to be like Sandra -- always smiling , wanting to help , to look out for others and to be caring . " The service included a video that showcased some of the family 's favorite photos . People from across California attended , filling the gymnasium , cafeteria and the football stadium at West High School . Melissa Huckaby , 28 , a Sunday school teacher who lived in the same mobile home park as Sandra 's family , has been charged with murder , kidnapping , the performance of a lewd and lascivious act on a child under 14 , and rape by instrument . If convicted , she would face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett said this week . A private memorial service for Sandra was held Wednesday . Her casket , signed by classmates , was taken to a nearby burial site by a horse-drawn carriage .	NEW : Photo montage shown at service for Sandra at a high school in Tracy Girl , 8 , disappeared March 27 ; her body was found in suitcase on April 6 Police arrested Melissa Huckaby , 28 , and charged her with killing and raping Sandra If convicted , Huckaby faces the death penalty or life in prison without parole
News International , the UK subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. that publishes newspapers including The Sun and The Times of London , announced a new name Wednesday : News UK . The rebranding follows a troubled period for News International , hit by a phone hacking scandal . It comes as News Corp. splits into two pieces , with one company encompassing its television and film assets , and the other holding its publishing entities . The separation into two distinct publicly traded companies , 21st Century Fox and the new News Corp. , is expected Friday . The new name for News International , News UK , is "  designed to convey a more coherent and logical identity for the new parent company across the globe , " a company statement said . The rebranding is being mirrored in Australia , where News Limited -- the company from which Murdoch built up his media empire -- will become known as News Corp. . Australia . Both companies will become part of the new News Corp , . which will be incorporated on the NASDAQ on Friday , the News UK statement said . "  The change follows the fundamental changes of governance and personnel that have taken place to address the problems of the recent past , " it said . "  News International apologized to its victims and set up a compensation scheme ; closed the News of the World and co-operated with all the relevant authorities . "  New policies and procedures are in place across the company , its main titles are all under new leadership and the executive team has been transformed . " News International was forced to close News of the World , its bestselling Sunday tabloid , in July 2011 amid anger over allegations an investigator working for the paper had in 2002 hacked the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old girl , Milly Dowler , who was later found murdered . Since then , a number of former News International staff have been charged with criminal offenses and await trial . They include Rebekah Brooks , the former News of the World and Sun editor who served as chief executive of News International from 2009 until 2011 , and former News of the World editor Andy Coulson , who went on to work for Prime Minister David Cameron but subsequently resigned . They deny wrongdoing . Several journalists working for The Sun have also been charged in connection with two police investigations into alleged media abuses . One inquiry is looking into claims of phone hacking , while the other is probing allegations of inappropriate payments to police and public officials . In a sign of an editorial shakeup at the newspaper , Dominic Mohan was replaced as editor of The Sun last week . Mohan , who had been at the paper for 17 years and was its editor since 2009 , is moving to a senior role advising the chief executive of the new News Corp. . David Dinsmore took over as editor of The Sun on Monday . Mike Darcey , chief executive of News UK , said : "  This is an exciting time and I feel privileged to be leading News UK as it begins a bright new chapter . "  With new people and a new strategy , we will take our place within a new company determined to secure a sustainable future for professional journalism around the globe . " According to the News Corp. website , the global company had total assets as of March 31 , 2013 , of approximately $ 68 billion and total annual revenues of approximately $ 35 billion .	News International , the UK arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. , is now News UK The renaming follows changes "  taken place to address the problems of the recent past " News UK says new policies have been put in place following the phone hacking scandal News Corp. is splitting into two parts , one holding publishing assets and the other TV and film
CNN  -- Clint Eastwood 's rambling speech to an empty chair in Tampa , Florida , was more than just awkward performance art on a political stage . It actually provided a useful metaphor for one of the most nauseating aspects of this presidential election -- the growing gap between narrative and facts . One of my favorite quotes is by the late , great Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan : "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but not their own facts . " But because of the rise of partisan media , amplified by the echo chamber of the Internet and talk radio , today everyone comes to civic debates armed with their own facts . And so civic debates get debased , becoming more intense but more incoherent . The Politics of the Empty Chair allows narratives to take the place of facts and usher in an essentially fictitious debate , inspiring monologues that feel like dialogues . It 's the political equivalent of shadowboxing , intellectual combat with a fear-fueled misrepresentation of your opponent . The funniest comment about Eastwood 's performance came via Twitter from Nation writer Jamelle Bouie : "  This is a perfect representation of the campaign : An old white man arguing with an imaginary Barack Obama . " So Obama becomes a noncitizen and closet communist hell-bent on subverting the American experiment because he has a racial chip on his shoulder . On the flip side , Mitt Romney somehow wants to bring this country back to the 1950s , reimposing not just the Bush years but the white-bread world of prefeminist , segregation-era America . Both visions are nonsense , but both narratives have their adherents on the fringe , which is increasingly blurring with the base of each party . This unfortunately extends to the policy arena as well . So the heated debate over Obamacare is intentionally mischaracterized as a "  government takeover of health care " despite that there 's no public option for health insurance , let alone a single payer . Whatever its many flaws , the individual mandate was a plan initially put forward by the conservative Heritage Foundation , proposed by Republicans as an alternative to "  Hillary Care " in the 1990s . It was implemented in his state by Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who argued it advanced the virtue of personal responsibility . But "  government takeover of health care " polls better , and so it is repeated in the echo chamber until facts start to fade . This is the Politics of the Empty Chair . In the Politics of the Empty Chair , when a bipartisan group such as the Tax Policy Center criticizes primary opponent Rick Perry 's tax plan , Romney holds up their analysis as impartial . But when they scrutinize his tax plan and find that it would actually raise taxes on middle class households by removing tax credits and deductions to pay for additional tax cuts for upper-income voters , it is attacked as blatantly partisan , not fit for decent conversation . In the Politics of the Empty Chair , the only facts acknowledged are ones that conform to political self-interest . There are epic ironies when the Politics of the Empty Chair takes center stage . The only mention of the ongoing war in Afghanistan on the Republican convention 's final night came not from Romney , but Clint Eastwood , who offered a line that implied we never should have gone there in the first place and that Obama should have removed troops immediately rather than offering a timeline . This got huge applause in the hall because it was a criticism of Obama . The fact that it would have been seen as a seditious attack on Bush-era policy just four years before was ignored . Even wars fade from view in the Politics of the Empty Chair . The most credible criticism of Obama is that the deficit and debt have exploded under his watch . But even on this solid ground , the Politics of the Empty Chair creeps in , ignoring the fact that surpluses were turned into deficits under President George W. Bush and that the Romney-Ryan deficit reduction plan , such as it exists , could actually increase the deficit by prioritizing additional tax cuts and making military spending 4 % of GDP . The Politics of the Empty Chair allows Paul Ryan to criticize Obama for ignoring the recommendations of the Bowles-Simpson Commission , while conveniently ignoring the fact that he himself voted against the Bowles-Simpson commission . No one talks back when you 're debating an empty chair . The Democrats have their own examples of Empty Chair politics , most notably when entitlement reform is proposed as part of plans to reduce the deficit and the debt . Whenever Republicans propose Medicare reform , liberals reflexively reply with Medi-Scare tactics , trying to scare seniors about reforms that would not effect them . This was captured by a particularly ugly 2011 campaign ad showing "  Paul Ryan " literally pushing grandma off a cliff . Now Ryan , Romney and company are trying to deflect attention from the details of that Medicare plan with Medi-Scare tactics of their own , talking incessantly about how Obama 's health care law will cut $ 716 billion from current seniors . This is an equally cynical attempt to attack and distract -- especially because Ryan 's plan keeps such long-term efficiency savings in place -- all part of an effort to confuse seniors and blur contrasts before Election Day . The latest parlor game in the Politics of the Empty Chair is paranoid musing about just what Obama will try to accomplish in an "  unaccountable " second term . This argument implicitly acknowledges that maybe Obama has n't been as radical as advertised in his first term -- the Republic still stands and the Constitution is not yet confetti -- but just wait until he gets his hands on that second term : then the hammer and sickle will start flying over the White House in earnest . But Obama has enabled the Politics of the Empty Chair to flourish by too often putting oratory above operational action and by his campaign 's failure to lay out a clear second-term agenda . To try to stop the Politics of the Empty Chair in Charlotte , criticisms of the Romney-Ryan ticket should be backed up with stats and facts .  This is , I know , too much to hope , but it would be good politics as well as good policy  . Perhaps even more importantly , Obama needs to lay out a clear agenda for the second term in his convention speech -- not just poll-tested bromides about defending the middle class , but actual plans , including an alternative path to deficit reduction that takes on some sacred cows on the left , including entitlement reform . Members of the echo chamber love the Politics of the Empty Chair because it allows them to speak for the opposition , creating their own cartoon images , demonizing and distorting them beyond all recognition . The conspiracy entrepreneurs and professional partisans who profit in this environment need to keep their audiences agitated , convinced that they have access to special knowledge . They become addicted to division , divorced from the actual responsibilities of governing and ironically alienated from the Founding Fathers they claim to admire . George Washington , Alexander Hamilton , Thomas Jefferson and John Adams had their differences , of course , but they all warned against the dangers of falling into factions . "  One of the expedients of party to acquire influence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts , " wrote Washington in his farewell address . "  You can not shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heartburnings which spring from these misrepresentations ; they tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection . " It is worth taking the advice of the original founding father to heart . There is an alternative to the Politics of the Empty Chair -- and that is a serious , civic debate , backed by facts and contemptuous of fear-fueled misrepresentations , especially from our own side of the aisle . After all , America is too great a nation -- and presidential elections too important an occasion -- to have our country looking confused and past its prime , engaged in overheated debates with fictitious figures , while the whole world watches . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Eastwood 's empty chair points to the gap between campaign talk , reality He says partisans on both sides distort their opponents ' views , play loose with facts Avlon : The distortions are particularly apparent on issues such as health care , Medicare He says the convention gives President Obama a chance to sketch a second-term agenda
Washington  CNN  -- The 2012 presidential election shattered spending records , further polarized a divided country and launched a thousand hashtags . The race appeared to be a nail-biter going into Tuesday night but in the end , it came down to the state that most had been saying for weeks that it would  $ " Ohio . Here are five things we learned from Tuesday Victorious Obama faces familiar challenges 1 . The GOP has a Latino problem "  If we do n't do better with Hispanics , we 'll be out of the White House forever , " says Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro , who was the national Hispanic co-chair of Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign . "  The big issue Republicans are going to have to wrestle with is the Hispanic issue , " adds Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ari Fleischer , who served as President George W. Bush 's first press secretary . "  Republicans are going to have to find a different way forward . " The national exit polls tell the story . Latinos are the fastest growing-segment of the population . Their share of the vote expanded from 9 % in 2008 to 10 % in this election . The president won 67 % of the vote four years ago . He increased that to 71 % this year . Latinos were crucial in helping Obama win the battleground states of Colorado and Nevada , and in putting the president in the lead for Florida 's 29 electoral votes . And they were just as important in turning the former swing state of New Mexico into what appears to be an increasingly safe state for the Democrats . CNN Election Center : 2012 exit polls If the current trend continues , Arizona and Texas could turn from red to purple . The 2012 election is a loud wake-up call for the GOP to change its stance on illegal immigration . And that 's being acknowledged by arguably the best known Latino Republican senator . "  The conservative movement should have particular appeal to people in minority and immigrant communities who are trying to make it , and Republicans need to work harder than ever to communicate our beliefs to them , " said Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida in a statement Tuesday night . Opinion : Five things Obama must do 2 . The youth vote came up big  $ " and the white vote got smaller A big question heading into Election Day was whether younger voters would show up at the polls . More of them did than last time . According to national exit polls , 18-29 year olds increased from 17 % to 18 % of the electorate from 2004 to 2008 . They made up 19 % of the electorate this time around . That jump in size from four years ago made up for the president 's drop in capturing the youth vote , from 66 % in 2008 to 60 % in 2012 . It was n't just age , but also race , that worked in the president 's favor . Obama 's share of the white vote dropped from 43 % four years ago to 39 % this year . But that was negated by the shrinking of the white vote from 74 % of the electorate four years ago to 72 % now . And the African-American percentage of the electorate stayed steady at 13 % . Some GOP strategists said that the white vote needed to be 74 % for Romney to win . "  The youth vote and the black vote turned out once again and that 's to the president 's credit , " Fleischer said . World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms 3 . The auto bailouts helped drive Obama to victory in Ohio For months , the Obama campaign touted the taxpayer bailouts of General Motors and Chrysler , and they were given prominent prime-time placement during the Democratic National Convention in early September . It 's a strategy that the Obama campaign thought could be the difference in Ohio , a major base for the auto industry that eventually decided the election . "  The American auto industry is back on top , " Obama said campaigning last week in the Buckeye State . The bailouts were started under President George W. Bush in 2008 but Obama grabbed the keys to the program the next year , managing and funding the assistance . Romney opposed the bailout and pushed for a privately financed and managed bankruptcy of the two automakers . The Obama campaign and other Democrats have attacked Romney over his opposition to the federal intervention , which aided the companies through their eventual bankruptcies . And in the final weeks leading up the the election , the Obama campaign highlighted pushback by General Motors and Chrysler to a Romney TV ad and a radio spot this past week that claimed both domestic auto makers were sending U.S. jobs to China . Portman stands by Romney auto ads It seemed to work . Nearly six in 10 Ohio voters said they approved of the federal government 's role in helping the troubled domestic automakers , and according to exit polls , the president won three quarters of those voters . Economy tops voter concerns in exit polls 4 . Romney was n't able to expand the map Much was made of campaign visits by Romney and his running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , to Pennsylvania in the final weekend before the election , and Romney 's return to the Keystone State on Election Day . The Romney campaign and allied super PACs supporting the GOP nominee flooded Pennsylvania airwaves in the final weeks with a flurry of TV ads . To a lesser degree , there was a similar push in Minnesota , another solidly Democratic state where public opinion polls tightened last month . There was talk by Romney campaign officials of being on offense and of expanding the electoral map . It did n't pan out . While Romney performed stronger than 2008 Republican nominee John McCain in Pennsylvania and Minnesota , it was n't enough . And of the swing states that swung blue four years ago , it appears Romney was only able to turn Indiana and North Carolina red again . Romney 's ` all ' proved not enough 5 . What will $ 6 billion get you ? We had a Democratic president , a Republican House of Representatives , and Democratic Senate going into the 2012 election . And we 'll have a Democrat in the White House , with a Republican House and a Democratic Senate after the election . When all the bills are in , total spending for the 2012 election  all federal and state races  could top a record-breaking $ 6 billion . And what did all that money buy ? 2012 election priciest to date : $ 4.2 billion tab and rising Some would argue ... nothing .	The president increased his support with Latinos , the fastest growing segment of the population Changes in the size of the youth vote and the white vote worked in Obama 's favor The auto bailout helped Obama in Ohio , a crucial battleground Romney failed to expand the map and lost in Pennsylvania and Minnesota
CNN  -- The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum 's ability to teach the lessons of the Holocaust to future generations relies on its collections . The museum has been on a 20th anniversary four-city tour to engage the public and gather artifacts that tell survivors ' stories in vivid , lasting and personal ways . The museum held a historic gathering of Holocaust survivors and World War II veterans in Washington for a national marking of its 20th anniversary . The road trip started in Boca Raton , Florida , and continued in Los Angeles and New York . Now we 're in Chicago , where Sunday , June 9 , the museum will hold a daylong public event with many opportunities to engage with museum resources , people , and programs , and pay tribute to local Holocaust survivors and World War II veterans . In Los Angeles , we met a woman who was born in 1939 , after her father was deported from Vienna , Austria , to the concentration camps , where he spent the next five years . Her mother and grandmother worked for the Jewish community and were never deported from Vienna . This woman spent her childhood in the hospital of the Viennese Jewish community , where her mother managed to survive and keep them from being deported . 7 life lessons from a Holocaust survivor It was amazing that three generations of Jewish women managed to survive Nazi occupation . It is extremely unusual . They had to care for themselves , surviving day to day , and care for their very young child . It seems unfathomable they made it . In New York , a family donated letters and artifacts from their uncle and his wife , who were on the S.S. St. Louis , a ship that in 1939 left Hamburg , Germany , bound for the Americas with about 900 Jews aboard fleeing the Nazis . The were refused entry into Cuba and the United States and headed back to Europe , where many of them eventually wound up in the hands of the Nazis . The uncle and his wife were deported to concentration camps . The wife survived ; the husband perished . When the survivors and other witnesses to the crimes of Nazi Germany are no longer able to tell their stories , it will be the collections -- artifacts , documents , pictures , films -- that will help transmit this history and its lessons . That 's why we 're racing to rescue the evidence of the Holocaust by working in 40 countries to preserve these materials . Elie Wiesel : Faith in the messenger To date our collections include more than 17,250 objects , 68.1 million pages of documentation , 135 million digital images from the International Tracing Service , 87,500 photographs and images and more than 1,030 hours of video footage . We expect our collections to double in size over the next decade . The Museum 's 20th anniversary is bringing Holocaust history to communities nationwide . Each tour stop featured programming that explores the history of the Holocaust and looks at why it remains so relevant for us today . Even if people can not attend a tour stop or do not have collections to donate , people can still get involved . The Museum has developed 20 actions that anyone , anywhere can take to help preserve Holocaust memory and apply its lessons today . Visit ushmm.org/neveragain to see how you can participate . You can also see highlights from the previous tour stops and the National Tribute to Holocaust Survivors and World War II veterans . We will continue to examine issues like the dangers of hate and indifference , the threats of continuing mass violence and genocide and what we can do about them . We want people to understand this history and move from asking "  What would I have done ? " to "  What will I do ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzy Snyder	U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum has been on a 20th anniversary four-city tour Museum collects artifacts from survivors and their families to add to its collections Suzy Snyder : When survivors are gone , artifacts , documents , photos and films will tell the story
Foreign ministers from 11 countries meeting here cited the presence of foreign fighters in the country and the alleged use of chemical weapons by Damascus in agreeing Saturday to increase arms shipments to the rebels . In a statement , the ministers representing the "  London 11 , " an offshoot of the "  Friends of Syria , " said they would "  provide urgently all the necessary materiel and equipment to the opposition on the ground , each country in its own way in order to enable them to counter brutal attacks by the regime and its allies and protect the Syrian people . " The weapons are to be funneled through the opposition Free Syrian Army 's Supreme Military Council  SMC  . The alleged use of chemical weapons , which President Bashar al-Assad has denied , and the involvement of Hezbollah and Iran left the participants no choice "  but to provide greater assistance of one kind or another , each nation making its own decision as to what it is comfortable doing , but all of them committing to do more to help the Syrian opposition , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters . Kerry called for a political settlement , not a military one , even as he expressed support for aiding the opposition . "  President Obama made it clear that , as a result of the crossing of the red lines and the use of the chemical weapons , he was going to provide assistance that he has n't provided before , " Kerry said without specifying what that aid would include . "  We have said today very clearly we are going to step up in order to provide the capacity to the SMC and to the Syrian opposition to be able to directly address the situation on the ground -- now , that 's as specific as I can be . " Kerry said he hoped that plans for a second conference in Geneva would soon coalesce . The United States and Russia announced on May 7 they would try to bring the warring parties to a Geneva-2 conference to implement the peace plan they endorsed a year ago -- at what has come to be called Geneva-1 -- that left open the question of whether Assad must leave power . But in their statement on Saturday , the ministers reiterated their call for negotiations that would lead to the establishment of a transitional governing body "  that excludes the central figures and associates whose hands are stained with blood . In this context , Bashar al-Assad has no role in the transitional governing body or thereafter . " "  The implementation of Geneva-1 is the goal of Geneva-2 , and that is a transition government with full executive authority , which gives the Syrian people as a whole , everybody in Syria , the chance to have a new beginning where they choose their future leadership , " Kerry told CNN last week . Next week , Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman and Ambassador Robert Ford will meet with their Russian counterparts and Lakhdar Brahimi , the U.N.and Arab League special envoy to Syria , to set a date for the meeting , Kerry said . The broadening of the conflict and the possibility that it will devolve into a sectarian war raise concerns that the conflict will widen beyond Syria 's borders , he said . "  It is our hope that , indeed , we will avoid a regional war . " Kerry noted that Moscow has been sending arms to the government in Damascus , but said he believed that President Vladimir Putin was prepared to support the Geneva meeting . The diplomatic group , known as the London Eleven , met in Doha to figure out how to shift the balance of power on the Syrian battlefield away from al-Assad and toward the opposition . Al-Assad has the upper hand militarily , due to his access to air power and heavy artillery , including tanks . Rebel forces have no air power and few heavy weapons . But Syrian rebels said this week that they have received anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles from "  brotherly nations that support the Syrian revolution . " Washington is providing more than $ 815 million in humanitarian assistance to victims of the conflict and has committed $ 250 million in nonlethal aid to the Syrian opposition . The CIA is training Syrian rebel forces at bases in Jordan , according to senior U.S. officials . Combatants from other countries are also aiding the opposition . Foreign Sunni militants are joining the ranks of the rebels . One of the largest groups , the al-Nusra Front , is affiliated with al Qaeda in neighboring Iraq . Some 5,000 Shiite fighters from Hezbollah have taken up arms in Syria in support of the government , according to Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . The 11 comprise the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Turkey , Egypt , Jordan , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . The meeting is the first leg of a tour of the Middle East and Asia by Kerry that will include visits to U.S. allies Israel and India .	"  All the necessary materiel " will be provided to the opposition , the group says "  Each nation makes its own decision , " State Secretary John Kerry says Kerry vows to boost the opposition 's ability "  to directly address the situation on the ground " Syrian government forces have rebels outgunned
Washington  CNN  -- On the surface , the type of heated exchanges that boiled over at a congressional hearing on Monday on immigration reform appeared to center on the two foreign-born suspects in last week 's Boston Marathon bombings . Beneath the surface , however , simmered tensions over the depth , breadth and pacing of plans to overhaul U.S. immigration policy currently wending through the Senate . "  Last week , opponents of comprehensive immigration reform began to exploit the Boston Marathon bombing . ... I urge restraint in that regard , " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said at the beginning of Monday 's hearing . "  Refugees and asylum-seekers have enriched the fabric of this country from our founding . " Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , the top Republican on the Judiciary Committee , was one of the first conservatives to publicly connect the bombings to the roiling immigration debate and question whether the attacks would suggest a need to slow down and re-examine immigration reform efforts . He took exception to suggestions that he and others are trying to "  exploit " the bombing for political purposes . "  I do n't hear any criticism ... when there  were  14 people killed in West , Texas , and  some political activists took  advantage of that tragedy to warn about more government action to make sure that fertilizer factories are safe , " Grassley said . Boston terror fears raised at Senate immigration hearing Both sides in the contentious immigration debate accuse the other of cynicism and using a national tragedy to score political points . The back and forth focuses on Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , brothers of northern Caucasus origin who lived legally in the United States . Investigators believe the pair were behind the attacks near last Monday 's Boston Marathon finish line that killed three people and injured more than 170 others . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , immigrated to the United States with his parents in 2002 and became a U.S. citizen in 2012 . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , followed a few years later and was a legal resident . Supporters of the bipartisan immigration measure authored by the so-called "  Gang of Eight " accuse the other side of using any excuse , including using the Boston bombings , to stoke nationalistic sentiments as a way to derail the bill . Political rhetoric finds its way into post-bombing debate New York Democrat Sen. Charles Schumer , one of the "  Gang of Eight " senators who drafted the immigration plan , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " some on the right who opposed the bill "  from the get-go " are simply using Boston "  as an excuse " to stall the legislation . Opponents assert that the measure 's supporters are rushing through immigration reform legislation . Republican Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week " that Congress should wait until the emotional reaction to the violence subsides before tackling immigration legislation . Other lawmakers such as Rep. Louie Gohmert , R-Texas and Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa have made similar assertion . Immigration reformers seek to avoid deja vu Immigration law experts say they can see little merit to attempts to connect the Boston Marathon bombings to current immigration reform efforts . "  What I do see is the opponents of immigration reform who have no arguments about the morality and politics of  this immigration package  very cynically jumping on this horrible tragedy to derail this bill , " said David Leopold , an immigration attorney and past president of the Washington-based American Immigration Lawyers Association . However , others caution that the current immigration reform measure has "  fundamental problems " and applaud efforts to slow the pace of legislation . "  The bill is 132,000 words . The New Testament is 180,000 words . This is n't quite as long but it 's going to take a little time to go through , " said Steven Camarota , director of research for the non-profit Center for Immigration Studies . Immigration reformers seek to avoid deja vu CNN 's Tom Cohen and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	The Boston Marathon bombings are influencing the immigration reform debate Both sides of the immigration debate are accusing the other of playing politics Immigration law experts see no connection to bombings and immigration reform efforts
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- From the boisterous crowds of stadia to a noisy assembly of mostly politicians , India 's cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar faces a new test . On the website of the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian parliament , the 39-year-old is now listed as one of its nominated members . "  When you get nominated because of your contribution in your field , it 's an honor , " Tendulkar said at an event in Pune , western India on Tuesday . The sporting icon 's surprise selection to the house of elders has drawn a mixed reaction in India , where cricket and politics are often seen as the opium of the masses . "  Nominating Sachin Tendulkar to the Rajya Sabha may be a populist move , but it makes little sense , " wrote the Times of India newspaper in a comment last week . The editorial was posted under a page-one headline "  God has a new House " that announced the naming of the revered cricketer to the national assembly . "  A nomination to the Rajya Sabha , however , should not be treated as a means of honoring eminent people but as a way to enrich parliamentary debate by having people with expertise in different fields . Nominating an active sportsperson defeats that purpose , " the paper wrote Friday . Some of India 's sports personalities were also skeptical whether an active player would be able to do justice to legislative proceedings . "  I do n't know whether he  Tendulkar  has time to do that because I think he is playing international cricket ; he is playing in all formats of the game , " former cricketer Dilip Vengsarkar told reporters . "  Whether he will have time to do that ? Whether he will have time to attend parliament ? I really can not say anything on this . " At the same time , many lawmakers welcomed the celebrated batsman -- who has scored more runs in international cricket than any other player in the history of the game -- to their ranks . "  I am happy for Sachin . Last time , when I spoke to the media on his birthday , I had said that I hope that government nominates him for the Rajya Sabha . There is no-one better than Sachin . I am happy , " said Najma Heptullah , a leader from the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party . In March , Tendulkar became the first cricketer to score 100 international centuries . And last week , he and his wife visited the residence of Sonia Gandhi , the Italy-born head of India 's ruling Congress party whose popularity has plummeted because of a raft of corruption scandals in the government . Critics of Congress , which denies any wrongdoing , issued words of caution to the cricket star . "  Sachin will perhaps have to guard against being used by political interests . He belongs to all . He is a silent lone worker , not an activist , " tweeted Kiran Bedi , a former police officer who is now part of an anti-corruption campaign against the federal government . Tendulkar 's selection to parliament comes under a constitutional provision that empowers the Indian president to name 12 people to the 250-member Rajya Sabha . The nomination , according to the constitution , is extended to people with "  special knowledge or practical experience in respect of such matters as literature , science , art and social service . " "  Unless Sachin becomes a national voice for clean , organized sports , he would be a disappointment , " Bedi wrote on her Twitter website page . Confronted with subtle hints of political loyalty , Tendulkar has attempted to steer clear of controversies over his new role . Cricket , he insists , will remain his priority . "  I have been nominated because I am a sportsman and not a politician . I am a sportsman and will always remain one . I am not going to enter politics giving up cricket , which is my life . I will continue to play cricket , " he said Tuesday .	Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar has been nominated to join India 's parliament The selection has drawn mixed reactions , with the Times of India saying it "  makes little sense " At the same time , many lawmakers welcomed the celebrated batsman Tendulkar , the first cricketer to score 100 international centuries , insists sport is priority
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two years after Demi Moore announced she wanted to end her marriage to Ashton Kutcher , their union is legally undone . Kutcher 's lawyer filed the document in Los Angeles County Superior Court Tuesday making their final divorce settlement official , according to a court spokeswoman . Kutcher , 35 , filed the divorce petition last January -- citing irreconcilable differences -- but Moore , 51 , made it clear in November 2011 that the marriage was over . "  It is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I have decided to end my six-year marriage to Ashton , " Moore said in her announcement . Kutcher has been dating his former "  That '70s Show " co-star Mila Kunis since early 2012 , although she initially denied a romantic relationship . He is one of television 's best paid performers thanks to the gig he got on CBS ' "  Two and a Half Men " after Charlie Sheen 's implosion . Moore and Kutcher began dating in 2003 and married in September 2005 despite a 15-year age difference . In the wake of Moore 's announcement of their split two years ago , Kutcher tweeted : "  I will forever cherish the time I spent with Demi . Marriage is one of the most difficult things in the world and unfortunately sometimes they fail . Love and Light , AK " The separation , however , came amid reports that Kutcher cheated on his wife on the night of their wedding anniversary . "  As a woman , a mother and a wife there are certain values and vows that I hold sacred , and it is in this spirit that I have chosen to move forward with my life , " she said at the time . "  This is a trying time for me and my family , and so I would ask for the same compassion and privacy that you would give to anyone going through a similar situation . " This is Kutcher 's first divorce , but the third time for Moore . She was previously married to actor Bruce Willis and rock musician Freddy Moore . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Kutcher 's lawyer filed the final divorce settlement Tuesday Moore announced their separation 2 years ago Kutcher 's been dating former "  That '70s Show " co-star Mila Kunis since 2012 The couple began dating in 2003 and married in September 2005
CNN  -- There are a lot of things in my freezer . Animal sperm is n't one of them . Though , to be fair , I 've never actually checked the full ingredients of a Klondike Bar . And now I have concerns . There 's a polar bear on the packaging . I admit that it 's an irrational new fear , but it all stems from several popular online reports this week about Japanese scientists at Kyoto University creating a very specific sperm bank for endangered species using new innovations in freeze-drying . But , while my freezer probably does n't contain any animal sperm , soon we might be seeing science freezers that do . Science freezers , of course , being the technical description for freezers that hold ... science . "  Steve , reach in there and grab me a vial of science . " Working with the city 's zoo , Japanese researchers at Kyoto University have now successfully freeze-dried sperm from chimps , a slow loris , and a giraffe . And when it comes time to bring the little swimmers back to life , they simply have to let them thaw out in water . Like you would a frozen chicken cutlet . But , in this case , a chunk of sperm . I say ` chunk ' because I assume they come in bricks , and if you had enough of them you could build a decent backyard Sperm-gloo in the winter . You have your uses for frozen sperm . I have mine . Chunks or not , the way this technology actually works is that it uses a specially developed preservative which allows the frozen future animal to be stored at a relatively high temperature that 's actually just above freezing . Really , then , this new way of doing things does n't even require a freezer at all . You can literally put it next to your leftovers in the fridge . Though , drunkenly grabbing the wrong Tupperware in the middle of the night could prove disastrous . "  Leftover fettuccini alfredo ? Do n't mind if I do ! " The current alternative is liquid nitrogen . But that requires lots of equipment and significantly more energy . Thus , lead professor , Takehito Kaneko , has been working on this new method for over a decade , developing a way to incorporate the special buffer preservative within the freeze-drying process , all while maintaining both the sperm and its genetic information for decades at a time . You know , to create a vintage market . Pro Tip : 2013 was a good year for walrus . And now that Kaneko and his fellow scientists seem to have this system down , they 're gearing up an endangered species sperm bank so that we can more efficiently confuse and aggravate an already pissed-off planet . "  Look , y' all , I 'm tired of giant pandas . Get these weirdos off of me ! " "  Shut up , Earth . They make good web videos . " But never mind this tragic little home in the solar system , the Kyoto scientists are even thinking about colonizing other planets with some of our rarest species . Because , you know , what Mars really needs is a lemur . You 're welcome . Professor Kaneko has only experimented with animals , and admits that he 's unaware of any human application for this technology . But that 's probably a good thing . Because when we do finally decide to create a whole new ecosystem in space , it 's probably far better off with turtles and sloths . Humans would just stand around twerking giant space rocks and Instagramming it back to everyone waiting on the mothership . Because then -- and only then -- will we know the Red Planet is officially ours . At least I 'm pretty sure that 's how we 'll claim everything in the future . "  Welcome to CarMax . I see you like the silver Honda . " Now , as Kaneko 's endangered animal sperm bank moves forward , he 's keen to get his hands on a bunch of larger animals that are at risk . Like elephants and tigers and rhinos . The zoo has 132 different species for him to choose from , so that 's a lot of de-sperminizing . And it 's only half the battle -- the next step in the process is figuring out a way to use this new technology to freeze-dry the female 's eggs as well . So , who knows when we 'll eventually get to beam our weirdest little creatures into the cosmos . But when we do , I assure you it will be delightfully unnecessary . You 're welcome . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Scientists in Japan have developed a new way to freeze animal sperm Professor Takehito Kaneko aims to collect sperm from endangered species Kaneko believes someday we can populate other planets with Earth 's animals
New York  CNN  -- AT&T will acquire T-Mobile USA from telecommunications company Deutsche Telekom for an estimated $ 39 billion in cash and stocks , the companies said in a joint release Sunday . The acquisition will expand AT&T 's 4G network 1.2 million square miles and will be accessible to an additional 46.5 million Americans , the statement said . AT&T also expects to gain enough cell towers to increase its network density by 30 % . "  This transaction represents a major commitment to strengthen and expand critical infrastructure for our nation 's future , " AT&T chief executive Randall Stephenson said in a statement . The $ 39 billion purchase will include a $ 25 billion cash payment ; the remainder will be paid using AT&T stock . AT&T can increase the cash portion of the price tag by up to $ 4.2 billion while cutting the stock portion . As part of the acquisition , Deutsche Telekom will have an 8 % equity stake in AT&T and a company representative will join the AT&T board of directors . The agreement has been approved by the boards of directors at both AT&T and Deutsche Telekom . CNNMoney : AT&T to acquire T-Mobile for $ 39 billion The new entity would be the biggest in the US , combining AT&T 's 95 million customers with T-Mobile 's 34 million users for a total of 130 million subscribers . AT&T said the transaction would quickly provide "  the spectrum and network efficiencies necessary ... to address impending spectrum exhaust in key markets " due to the exponential growth of traffic on its network . The telecom giant added that it expects to gain enough cell towers through the deal to increase its network density by 30 % . As part of the merger , AT&T committed to expand its 4G network 1.2 million square miles , making it accessible to an additional 46.5 million Americans , mostly in rural and smaller communities , the statement said . The AT&T release notes that its 4G expansion would help achieve the Federal Communications Commission and President Obama 's goals to connect "  every part of America to the digital age . " The $ 39 billion purchase will include a $ 25 billion cash payment ; the remainder will be paid using AT&T stock . AT&T can increase the cash portion of the payment by up to $ 4.2 billion while cutting the stock portion . AT&T did n't directly address how the merger would affect the new company 's pricing . But on the website it built to announce the deal , www.mobilizeeverything.com , it notes : "  Historically , during periods when carriers combined to achieve efficiencies , U.S. wireless prices fell . " The company also cites a 2010 report from the U.S. General Accounting Office which found that the average cost of wireless services  adjusted for inflation  "  declined 50 percent from 1999 to 2009 , during a period which saw five major wireless mergers . " The agreement has been approved by the boards of directors at both AT&T and Deutsche Telekom , but will be subject to regulatory approval . Fortune : Regulatory hurdles await merger Charles Golvin from Forrester Research said : "  AT&T 's acquisition of T-Mobile , if approved , brings good news and bad news . The good news : high-speed mobile broadband service will improve in quality and coverage , including ? in the long run ? those in rural communities outside the reach of terrestrial broadband today . "  The bad news : the cost of that service wo n't come down nearly as fast as customers would like , since AT&T and Verizon Wireless combined would own nearly three out of every four wireless subscriptions in the US . While clearly troublesome for Sprint and other mobile smaller mobile competitors , It 's also bad news for cable operators , whose incipient mobility products will suffer in comparison to what AT&T and Verizon can offer . " Fortune Magazine 's Seth Weintraub and CNNMoney 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report	The acquisition will expand AT&T 's 4G network by 1.2 million square miles T-Mobile parent company Deutsche Telekom will have an 8 % equity stake in AT&T The agreement has been approved by both companies ' boards
CNN  -- The United States named Afghanistan a major non-NATO ally Saturday , clearing the way for the two countries to maintain a defense and economic relationship even as American combat troops withdraw . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced the designation during a surprise visit to Kabul . A day after the announcement , she will attend a gathering of international donors in Tokyo who will be asked to pledge financial support for Afghanistan after nearly all U.S.-led NATO troops pull out of the country by the end of 2014 . The relationship is beneficial during the transition as both nations prepare for post-2014 , according to Clinton . "  It will open the door to Afghanistan 's military to have a greater capacity and broader kind of relationship with the United States , and particularly the United States military , " Clinton told reporters in Kabul . By granting such ally status , it makes Afghanistan eligible to receive military training and assistance , including expediting the sales and leasing of military equipment long after NATO troops leave . "  There are a number of benefits that accrue to countries that have this designation , " she said . "  They are able to have access to excess defense supplies , for example , and they can be part of certain kinds of training and capacity building . " Allegations : American generals delayed Kabul hospital abuse probe The United States gave Afghanistan the designation as part of an Enduring Strategic Partnership Agreement signed in May by President Barack Obama and his Afghan counterpart , Hamid Karzai . Afghanistan joins Japan , Pakistan , Egypt , Israel and Australia , among others , granted major non-NATO ally status by the United States . Unlike NATO allies of the United States , who are bound together by a joint defense pact , there is no mutual defense guarantee as a non-NATO ally . Clinton made it clear the United States has no intention of abandoning Afghanistan after the troops withdrawal . "  We will continue , of course , to protect Afghanistan from any efforts by insurgents and outsiders to destabilize Afghanistan , " she said . Clinton and Karzai are headed to the meeting Sunday in Tokyo , where private and public donors are expected to pledge nearly $ 4 billion in aid for reconstruction . During the news conference , Clinton also hinted at thawing U.S.-Pakistani relations , which were virtually frozen after the killing of Osama bin Laden , U.S. claims that Pakistan failed to crackdown on insurgents conducting cross-border attacks in Afghanistan and Islamabad 's demand that Washington apologize for the killing of 24 Pakistani soldiers in November 2011 . Clinton apologized Tuesday for the killings , prompting Pakistan to allow trucks carrying supplies to NATO troops to cross from Pakistan into Afghanistan for the first time in seven months . "  We were struck by the recent call from Pakistan 's parliament that Pakistani territory shall not be used for any kind of attacks on other countries , and all foreign fighters , if found , shall be expelled from Pakistani soil , " Clinton said during the news conference . "  So we want to deepen our security cooperation with Pakistan . " Clinton said there would be a meeting on the "  ministerial level " between Pakistan , Afghanistan and the United States at the Tokyo gathering . The United States has not publicly said how much money it will pledge , though Clinton said Saturday that "  of course the United States will be making a substantial commitment . " There are questions , though , about whether private and commercial donors will commit to large handouts without a guarantee that money wo n't be siphoned off by corruption rampant in Afghanistan . Clinton told reporters that she was "  encouraged by what she was hearing " about financial pledges at the Tokyo meeting , but conceded corruption was a major challenge . Poverty and corruption are widespread in Afghanistan . It came in 172nd out of 187 countries in the United Nations ' 2011 Human Development Index , which ranks nations based on life expectancy , education and living standards . Questions were raised after the United Nations announced an investigation in June into its Afghanistan development fund that pays the salaries of Afghan police amid allegations of misuse of funds . "  We take seriously any allegations of corruption that involve U.S. funds , and we are working with the United Nations to support the steps they have said they would take to address the concerns raised by donors about allegations of mismanagement of the Law and Order Trust Fund . " Clinton said "  mutual accountability would be discussed " at the meeting in Tokyo . First NATO trucks move into Afghanistan from Pakistan after 7-month closure CNN 's Greg Seaby and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Other nations including Japan , Pakistan and Egypt have non-NATO ally status The status allows Kabul and Washington to maintain defense relations Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes the announcement in Kabul She says the designation is beneficial as U.S. troops withdraw
CNN  -- The snowfall largely subsided in the Buffalo area Friday after nearly 7 feet in three days , but the deadly weather emergency is far from over : An expected warmup and weekend rains mean likely flooding -- and that 's just the start of the problems . The heavy snow still threatens to collapse more roofs before it melts , and officials are urging stir-crazy residents not to even think about driving unless absolutely necessary , even as some major roads began to reopen Friday . Rain starting Saturday , and a warmup to 60 degrees on Monday , means more misery is ahead after the snowstorms that officials say have contributed to at least 13 deaths . "  Warming will bring melting . Melting will bring water . Water will bring floods , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters Friday . "  Likely  more flooding than we have seen in a long , long time . " Some roofs already have crumbled , but rain may collapse more , in part because the already heavy snow perched atop buildings will soak up this weekend 's rain before it melts , Erie County officials have said . About 30 roofs collapsed from Thursday night into Friday morning , Erie County Deputy Executive Richard Tobe told reporters Friday morning . With the rain and melting , some communities will be at risk of flooding through Tuesday "  We  expect 5 to 6 feet of water in some areas in a short period of time , " Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz said . Some major roads , such as parts of the New York State Thruway , will reopen Friday afternoon , and some local driving bans are being lifted -- but largely so that trucks can deliver food to stores and crews can remove abandoned vehicles , Cuomo said . He added that no one should drive unless necessary . "  If you have a nonessential purpose , now is not the time to be driving around , " Cuomo said . "  The roads are still dangerous . " Snow and vehicle removals still are major tasks ahead . Erie County crews have had to deal with clearing 1,800 lane-miles of county roads before getting to residential streets , Poloncarz said Friday . Cities and towns may have had more success with residential areas ; 93 % of hard-hit south Buffalo 's residential streets had been plowed at least once by Friday , Mayor Bryon Brown said . Man found dead in vehicle ; senior dies after evacuation The latest of the 13 deaths to be counted is a 68-year-old man who died of a heart attack while snowplowing his driveway in Cheektowaga , according to Erie County Spokesman Benjamin Swanekamp . The death toll also includes one senior citizen who died of natural causes after or while the person was evacuated Thursday from a nursing home in Cheektowaga , officials said . Earlier , authorities said two people had died , but they corrected themselves at an afternoon news conference . And the storm forced the NFL to announce that Sunday 's game between the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets , scheduled to be played at the Bills ' Ralph Wilson Stadium , will take place at Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday night . But even leaving the Buffalo area had its complications . Before meeting at the Bills ' stadium Friday morning to get on a bus to the airport , some of the players had to be picked up by snowmobile because of driving bans in certain areas , team spokesman Scott Berchtold said . Seeking shelter At the Winchester Volunteer Fire Company station on Harlem Street , as many as 40 people stranded in the snow have sought shelter since Tuesday . More than 6 feet of snow cover the streets . Abandoned cars are barely visible under the drifts . Fire trucks ca n't leave the station . Attempts by firefighters to get out in an SUV were futile . One medic hopped onto a snowmobile to rush to a call . Other volunteers jumped onto ATVs to reach a home where the roof was buckling under the weight of the snow . Maria Odom 's two cats and a dog were rescued from the house . "  I 'm ready for it to end , " Odom , 38 , said of the extreme weather . "  I 've lived here my whole life and I 've never seen anything like this . " At the fire station , driver Steve Randall 's truckload of milk and eggs has served as the main source of provisions . Randall said he was stuck in his truck for nearly five hours before making his way to the firehouse , where people have been sleeping on tables to stay off the cold floor . "  We 've been eating like kings for a while , but now we 're running out of food , " he said . Firehouse occupants have been making quiche , served with milk and bread from a store across the street . From the Tops grocery store nearby , people hauling bags of food headed out into the snow by foot . One man dragged groceries in a sled ; another pulled his child through the snow in a laundry basket . Robert Mead embarked on a 5-mile trek to bring formula to his 9-month-old baby . Nearly a year 's snowfall in three days Residents just stared out their windows at the mounds of white stuff , if they could see out at all . In East Aurora , Lisa Gutekunst 's home was capped with more than 4 feet of snow , she said Thursday . "  The snow is coming down so hard you ca n't see out the window , " she said . "  We 've cleared our driveway so many times that we 've run out of places to put the snow . " The 86 inches that fell in some areas in three days come close to a year 's worth of snow . In a typical year , Buffalo 's snowfall totals about 7 feet , according to the National Weather Service . Extreme conditions lead to tragedy The 10 other people who died included four who suffered cardiac issues while they shoveled snow and one who died in a car accident , Erie County officials reported . A man in his 60s had a heart attack while he tried to move a snowplow or a snowblower , said Tobe , the Erie County deputy executive . Two residents , from Niagara and Erie counties , died of apparent exposure Wednesday night or Thursday morning , Dr. Gale R. Burstein , Erie County health commissioner , said Thursday . "  They both had chronic illnesses , " she said . "  They both had mental health issues , and were found outside either their home or a close friend 's home . They had probably been there overnight . " Brown , the Buffalo mayor , and other city officials recounted stories of rescuers trudging around snowdrifts as high as houses to get people to hospitals , and police officers delivering special baby formula to a pair of infants . CNN 's Alexandra Field , Leigh Remizowski , Ashley Fantz , Ed Payne , Marcus Hooper , Martin Savidge , Catherine E. Shoichet and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Officials up death toll to 13 Authorities worry some buildings could collapse when snow sops up rain An NFL game moved to Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday Snowdrifts have trapped people in their homes
EW.com  -- This week 's episode of "  How I Met Your Mother " featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker . After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress , a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter . Tear up ? Join the club . But would you have guessed that the moment was n't even part of the greater plan for the season ? "  We had a week of treading water , to be honest , " says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays . "  We have the arc of the season going , but this was one week where there was n't one , specific big event happening . We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward . " So , he says , they took a "  step back , " and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series . "  We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons , " he jokes . Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we 've been with the gang . But as Bays sees it , it 's also a great reminder of where we 're going -- without giving everything away . Yes , he admits , they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we would n't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now . "  He 's so good at making that look natural , " he says , laughing . "  He 's a magician ; he 's good with his hands . He knows what he 's doing " But does Barney ? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man . To be fair , Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track . But after just a few episodes of courting , they 're living together ... and liking it ! Is it all too fast ? Bays does n't think so . "  I think Barney is in love . At a certain age , you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you 're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most , " he says . "  And I think that 's Quinn right now for Barney . " The best way to show that , he says , was to break barriers -- by breaking wind . "  We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years , and we did pretty well without it . And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away : You 're going to be embarrassed that you 're doing it at the table read , and you know that in the final cut , it 's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh , " he says . "  And it 's not ` Blazing Saddles ' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans  $ " it 's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship . It 's a big relationship moment . " So where do they go from here ? For one , Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly , he says , and next week , we 'll see more from Robin  Colbie Smulders  than we did in this episode . "  Robin , there is some excitement in her life coming up , especially next week 's episode , " he says . When we pick up , Robin and Ted still are n't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship . "  We went for the reality of those situations , " he says . "  I feel like on this show we 've gone as far as we can go where it 's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out , with these big thing happen to them that do n't really change things . Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it 's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted 's in love with her , and she 's not in love with him . It 's complicated . " But , not to worry , he says . "  I feel like -LSB- there 's -RSB- a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  HIMYM " co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays talks about the this week 's episode Bays : "  We had a week of treading water , to be honest " Bays : "  I feel like -LSB- there 's -RSB- a satisfying ending "
CNN  -- Launch of the space shuttle Discovery has been delayed at least a week , NASA has announced . Discovery moves atop the crawler transporter in Cape Canaveral , Florida , on January 14 . The shuttle will now lift off no earlier than February 19 because of concern over a valve in the main engine . A decision on the launch date will be made February 12 , after more analysis and testing of the part . NASA said Tuesday night : "  The valve is one of three that channels gaseous hydrogen from the engines to the external fuel tank . One of these valves in shuttle Endeavour was found to be damaged after its mission in November . As a precaution , Discovery 's valves were removed , inspected and reinstalled . " This will be the shuttle 's 28th mission to the international space station . The mission will deliver the final set of solar arrays needed to complete the station 's complement of electricity-generating solar panels . They will help support the station 's expanded crew of six in 2009 . "  More crew means that we 'll have to run more life support equipment , more crew support equipment -- toilet facilities , water processing equipment and all of that stuff , " Kwatsi Alibaruho , the lead space station flight director for the mission , said on NASA 's Web site . "  We 'll have to run more of all of that , so we need additional power . " The expanded capacity will mean more hands to perform science experiments . The mission also will include four spacewalks .	Discovery will lift off no earlier than February 19 , NASA says Space agency concerned about a valve in the main engine This will be the shuttle 's 28th mission to the international space station The mission will deliver the final set of solar arrays for the station
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- An American woman who was trampled to death by an elephant in Kenya , where she lived with her family , was a librarian who was determined to see that schools and libraries be built in poor villages , a former boss said Wednesday . Before moving with her husband to the Kenyan capital of Nairobi in 2006 , Sharon Brown was a reference librarian at Antioch University New England in Keene , New Hampshire , said library director Marcy Leversee , who hired Brown in 2005 . Brown and her toddler daughter , who also died in the incident , were on a guided forest hike Monday near the Castle Forest Lodge , about 65 miles north of Nairobi , when the incident occurred , said lodge spokeswoman Melia Van Leer . Van Leer speculated the elephant was in a herd of about 20 that were spotted later in the day with their calves . Elephants can be particularly defensive when they are sheltering their young , she said . In Nairobi , Brown was a librarian at the International School of Kenya , according to a security guard at the school . Her husband , Jeff , worked there as a fifth-grade teacher , according to the school 's Web site . Sharon Brown only spent a year at Antioch , Leversee said , because when she got the opportunity to work in Kenya , she felt it was a chance that was too good to pass up . At Antioch , she worked with graduate students in environmental sciences and clinical psychology . "  Sharon was a quiet , open person . Very present , " Leversee said . "  She believed that every exchange was a mutual learning . She opened the exchange by listening . "  She was a cherished colleague , " Leversee said . "  To me , she was a citizen of the world in the finest sense . " The Browns became passionate about Africa after serving in the Peace Corps , Leversee said . That was where Sharon Brown became committed to promoting education . Leversee said she did n't know where they served , but Sharon Brown "  had an affinity for Africa . " Brown had said that while in the Peace Corps , she totally immersed herself in the culture of the villagers , even asking the women to teach her how they washed clothes . A Peace Corps supervisor told Leversee that Brown provided the women and children with their very first books . Leversee said she did n't know the name of the village . According to Van Leer , the property around the lodge is full of elephants , but encounters with humans "  do n't normally end in tragedy . " There have been no tragic incidents with elephants in the area since 2001 , she said . "  This area has wild animals , and I always warn my clients and everyone else to be aware of the danger , " she said . "  But from now we wo n't allow children out anymore . The young child could have been saved . " The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi refused comment Wednesday . CNN 's David McKenzie , Melissa Gray and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	Sharon Brown worked in the library of the International School of Kenya Mother and baby were on guided forest hike , wildlife service spokeswoman says Elephant encounters with humans "  do n't normally end in tragedy , " she says Last tragic incident with elephants in the area was in 2001
NEW YORK  CNN  -- So far it has been a very sunny summer for newbie pop singer Kristinia DeBarge . Kristinia DeBarge has broken through with the summer hit "  Goodbye . " She has a Top 20 hit with "  Goodbye , " a peppy pop number which borrows from Steam 's 1969 stadium anthem "  Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye . " The energetic video just earned DeBarge an MTV Video Music Award nomination in the best choreography category . And later this month the 19-year-old will demonstrate her dance skills as the opening act for Britney Spears ' global "  Circus " tour . The L.A.-based singer is well connected in the music business : she 's the daughter of James DeBarge , a member of the '80s R&B group DeBarge . Her debut album , "  Exposed , " dropped last week , and was produced by Kenneth "  Babyface " Edmonds . Watch DeBarge tell her subject "  Goodbye " " Kristinia DeBarge  pronounced Kristi-NEE-ya  dropped in to CNN to talk about why her dad initially wanted her to follow a different career path , her different personalities and lip synching . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Your dad must have a wealth of advice for you . Kristinia DeBarge : Yes he does . His advice is stay true to yourself . He 's also told me many times that I should have a lot of strength in this business , and that I 'm going to need my family around me . CNN : He did n't want you to go into music , did he ? DeBarge : No , because he knows how the music industry is . And some people can become a little jaded and tainted after . So he likes that I 'm innocent and wants to keep that innocence fresh . CNN : What did he want you to do ? DeBarge : Something like be a doctor or a veterinarian or a lawyer . I totally admire all those jobs . ... But it 's not my passion . My passion is singing , so if I was to do those things I would n't be happy because I 'd be like , what a waste of talent . I 'm a singer . CNN : You were on the "  American Idol " spin-off show "  American Juniors " in 2003 . What was that experience like ? DeBarge : I had a lot of fun . I met a lot of different people on the show who are pursuing not only music but acting and modeling and all that fun stuff . It was really cool to interact with the kids my age because we were all there inspiring each other . CNN : What do you like about working with Babyface ? DeBarge : I like that he 's so down to earth and he 's open-minded . He 's open-minded in the sense where he allows me to have a lot of input on my music . He allows me to write with him and then bring in other writers and other producers . ... He 's like another dad to me . He 's very protective and sweet . CNN : Whose idea was it to borrow from Steam ? DeBarge : The producers and the songwriters . ... And I was like gosh , what a great idea . Maybe I could take over the old version that 's playing at basketball games and the hockey games ! Even for people who do n't really like pop music ... they can listen to that song and sing along to it . CNN : Tell me a little bit about your album . DeBarge : I named it "  Exposed " because I feel that in introducing myself to the world you 're getting to know Kristinia from all angles . So you 're going to get to know all different characteristics and personalities that she has . CNN : Does she have many personalities ? DeBarge : Sometimes , but they 're good . They 're good personalities . She 's just like everyone else . And that 's also something that I want to make clear on the album -- that I 'm very normal and I experience all of the same things that 19-year-old girls go through . ... It 's my first album and I 'm hoping that everyone from little girls to older women will really be able to relate to it . CNN : Are you excited about being one of the opening acts for Britney Spears ? DeBarge : Yes , I 'm really excited about that . ... She 's a great performer and entertainer and I think that she has so many fans and so to gain her fans is going to be great for me . And I mean the fact that she even approved of it is great . CNN : What are your thoughts on lip-syncing ? DeBarge : I would say that I understand it , but if you 're a vocalist it 's good to sing . ... I love to perform . I also like to sing . -LSB- When I performed on -RSB- "  So You Think You Can Dance " I sang and I was dancing , so a lot of people were like "  Is she lip-syncing ? " But I was really just singing as well . It 's really hard to do . People think it 's a lot easier than it is .	Kristinia DeBarge has a hit with "  Goodbye , " borrowed from '69 Steam hit DeBarge is daughter of James DeBarge , of '80s R&B group DeBarge Singer will be opening for Britney Spears on "  Circus " tour
"  Since I was a child my family has made an almost weekly trip to have lunch in Skaneateles , " says Rachel Dickinson , based in the nearby New York State town of Ithaca and author of Falconer on the Edge . "  If you 're lucky , you can get a table at the Sherwood Inn , where you look out on the small park with the white gazebo that fronts the lake . " As the weather turns crisp and the days gradually shorten , nature takes its cue to bring on the color -- and the leaf-peepers come out in force . Like Dickinson , many head to Skaneateles , one of the best towns for experiencing fall colors , according to Travel + Leisure readers who voted in the America 's Favorite Towns survey . The top-scoring towns represent the full color spectrum , from the blazing scarlet , orange , and deep purples of New England 's hardwoods to the golden carpet of aspens covering the Rocky Mountains . "  Autumn leaves are nature 's stained glass , " says professional photographer Michael Clemmer , whose images have appeared in National Geographic Society publications and calendars around the world . "  They can be beautiful in moody muted light or when brightly lighted from behind . " If you want to photograph autumn in all of its deciduous glory , he cautions : "  Do n't shoot in the middle of the day unless it 's cloudy because the bright sun washes out color . Morning and evening light are best . " Clemmer 's No. 1 rule ? "  Do n't let taking photos keep you from enjoying the scenery . " Check out these favorite fall-foliage towns , from Colorado to Vermont , and then get out there to see the colors for yourself . 1 . Oakland , Maryland Oakland took top honors as the best town in America for leaf-peeping , thanks primarily to the blazing colors found just nine miles north of town at Swallow Falls State Park . As the Youghiogheny River flows through rock gorges , the oldest stands of eastern hemlock and white pine -- more than 360 years old -- blanket the area in gold , orange and red . For five days in early October , residents turn out for the annual Autumn Glory Festival , including two parades , concerts and band competitions . Oakland also embraces the Halloween spirit , hosting a hayride along the lakefront that passes scenes of zombies and ghosts . Travel + Leisure : America 's best cities for fall travel 2 . Lake Placid , New York The Adirondack Mountains are famed for their fall colors , and T+L readers gave Lake Placid the silver medal for autumn foliage . Red and silver maples , birch , aspen , oaks and beech trees stretch out along the Olympic Trail scenic byway  which runs through Lake Placid  , providing a striking show of color for its 170 miles . Or take the Fall Foliage Train tour on the Adirondack Scenic Railroad . Prime viewing time tends to be in early to mid-October , which conveniently coincides with the Lake Placid Brewfest . 3 . Stillwater , Minnesota When the leaves start showing their colors in Stillwater -- on the western banks of the St. Croix River dividing Minnesota and Wisconsin -- visitors converge on the town 's many Victorian bed-and-breakfast inns . One of the best ways to take in nature 's show is by river cruise on a replica of an 1890s paddleboat . Autumn here kicks off with the annual grape stomp competition , with prizes given for best style , and it culminates in the long-running fine-art and music festival . 4 . Stowe , Vermont As the air gets crisp in Stowe , the sugar maples come alive in intense shades of gold , orange and scarlet blanketing the surrounding Green and Worcester mountain ranges . In general , the best time to capture these brilliant hues is the end of September through mid-October ; the Trapp Family Lodge  "  the family that inspired The Sound of Music "  makes a charming base of operations , especially during the popular Stowe Oktoberfest . Travel + Leisure : America 's best fall color drives 5 . Ludlow , Vermont Before the snow bunnies take over Okemo Mountain and its ski resort , the 3,344-foot peak is one of the loveliest places in the valley for fall colors -- with a 360-degree view that includes the Green Mountains to the west and the Okemo Valley region to the east . Just drive to the top , park , and hike the short distance to the fire tower . Other prime viewing spots are along the nearby Scenic Route 100 Byway : the President Calvin Coolidge State Historic Site and Coolidge State Park , both affording panoramic , mountaintop views . 6 . Portsmouth , New Hampshire Like so many New England towns , Portsmouth is awash in early American history . At Strawbery Banke Museum -- a 10-acre outdoor museum -- you can take in the fall color as you roam the waterfront district and its restored homes built in the mid-1600s . By car , watch the foliage as you drive down the 18-mile scenic Coastal Byway . Or leave the driving to the captain on a 2.5-hour inland river cruise highlighting foliage and local lore . 7 . Whitefish , Montana The mountains framing Whitefish -- doorway to Glacier National Park in the Flathead Valley -- are a dramatic study in contrasts in autumn , when the golden aspen and larch flash against a backdrop of dark evergreens . Kayaking or canoeing on Whitefish Lake , the largest natural freshwater lake in the West , is one of the best ways to catch views of Big Mountain and the forests around it . If you prefer driving , follow Highway 35 along the east side of the lake and return in time to polka the night away at the annual two-weekend Oktoberfest . Travel + Leisure : Best carry-on luggage 8 . Snowmass Village , Colorado Snowmass Village and nearby Aspen -- which bears the name of Colorado 's most ubiquitous tree -- are visited only briefly by autumn . But catch it while you can because it 's one of the best times to explore this area , with seasonably mild days and not-too-cold nights , and the predictable celebrity sightings when the Aspen Film Festival rolls into town . The preferred local ways to experience fall color are biking and hiking , whether it 's along the exceptionally beautiful Crater Lake Trail near Maroon Bells or the moderate Smuggler 's Loop at Hunter Creek . 9 . Lake Geneva , Wisconsin When Chicago 's upper crust started putting up mansions on Lake Geneva in the late 19th century , they enlisted some of the top landscape architects to design grounds and plant trees that would showcase autumn colors for as long as possible , from early September through November . Three-mile-long Snake Road on the north end of the lake is one of the best drives in the fall , or enjoy a fall foliage cruise . Better yet , splurge on a view from a hot air balloon . 10 . Glenwood Springs , Colorado Autumn can start making an appearance as soon as early September in these parts , and leaf-peepers trek to Glenwood Springs in droves to watch summer green change to aspen gold at the confluence of the Colorado and Roaring Fork rivers . Bike or hike along the 44-mile Rio Grande Trail that leads up to Aspen . If you have to pick a drive , choose the one over Independence Pass , where a short hike will bring you to a summit overlooking 18 mountains higher than 14,000 feet . You can even choose to leaf peep by Segway . Back in Glenwood Springs , relax at the world 's largest natural hot springs pool . See all the top towns for fall colors	These towns were made to celebrate fall Admire the changing colors in Lake Placid 's Adirondack Mountains A river cruise in Stillwater , Minnesota is a favorite autumn pleasure Catch views of Big Mountain by canoeing on Whitefish Lake
CNN  -- Before the storm hit and the floodwaters took over , Kimberly Rivers Roberts pulled out her new video camera . Kimberly Rivers Roberts and her husband , Scott , sit outside their flood-damaged Ninth Ward home . The aspiring rapper and her husband , Scott , were among those trapped in the Ninth Ward in New Orleans , Louisiana , in late August 2005 as Hurricane Katrina raged toward them . The couple , who 've described themselves as street hustlers , compiled amateur footage that captured the horrors experienced in their community and among their neighbors . From the middle of rising waters in attics where people waited to the struggles to find help from and for others , they documented what outsiders could n't see . About 1,300 miles away , in Brooklyn , New York , documentary filmmakers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal sat glued to their televisions . "  After a few days of seeing people stranded on roofs , we had to do something , " said Lessin , who with Deal had previously worked with Michael Moore . Watch Lessin and Deal talk about how the film was made " So they set out , planning to do a film about New Orleans National Guardsmen . But when that was shut down -- " ` Fahrenheit 9/11 ' screwed it up for all you guys , " she remembered hearing -- they found what she called "  an unexpected gift " in Kim and Scott , whom they met 10 days after the storm . The home video material , coupled with archival news footage and film verite capturing the couple 's journey , led to the documentary "  Trouble the Water , " which won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and is up for an Oscar at this year 's Academy Awards . Lessin and Deal , who both directed and produced this documentary that took two-and-a-half years to make , spoke to CNN about their Ninth Ward collaborators , their own experiences and the impact the film 's made . CNN : Tell me about meeting Kim and Scott . Did you know right away that you were on to something ? Tia Lessin : We were in a Red Cross shelter in central Louisiana -- that 's where we met the subjects , the hero -LSB- es -RSB- of our film . They 'd been on this five-day journey out of the city to higher ground . ... Everyone had a story to tell , but their story really rose to the top . Carl Deal : They called themselves "  street survivors . " Kim said the most support and help they ever got from the government were the skills to survive on their own . They were used to not getting assistance . ... It 's a slap in the face for those of us who come from a more privileged place . ... And the home video , it enabled us to ground the film in this inside point of view . CNN : I ca n't imagine what it was like to work on this . What was this experience like for you ? Lessin : Originally the film was fueled by a sense of outrage . What it became , I guess , was something a little different . It 's really about hope and survival . We were inspired by Kim and Scott 's journey , and their commitment to do something different in their lives . The voices on 911 calls , we think about those people all the time , and there 's no way to know what happened to them . What keeps us up at night now is that people are still struggling . Levees are still vulnerable , there 's a lack of affordable housing , lack of jobs . Schools are a dismal failure . Tens of thousands of people ca n't return home . We hope in this new administration , things will happen . CNN : What did you hope this film would inspire in terms of emotion and action ? Deal : We want to challenge people , when they see it , to think about themselves and the impact they can have in the community and the world . People respond to this film in different ways . We screened at the Democratic National Convention in Denver . Mayor -LSB- Ray -RSB- Nagin -LSB- of New Orleans -RSB- came to the screening and walked out after a few minutes . Sen. -LSB- Mary -RSB- Landrieu , had a completely different response and tearfully embraced Kimberly . Lessin : We get hundreds of e-mails from strangers every day , about how they 're using the film in classrooms , in churches , on college campuses to organize trips -LSB- to volunteer -RSB- in New Orleans . They 're inspired to act . All of America , our hearts went out -LSB- after Katrina -RSB- . There 's still a real connection . People want to know what 's happening . They care deeply about the story and are appalled the Bush administration did so little and hope the Obama administration does better . CNN : How much do you think politics , and issues popular to the time , influence Oscar wins ? Lessin : I would hope that the best film wins . It 's an extraordinary pool of nominees . -LSB- That said , "  Trouble the Water " -RSB- does resonate . It 's about people who beat the odds and survived . And that 's what we 're all trying to do . Kim and Scott showed us how to do it with grace and dignity . CNN : I imagine the film 's success has in many ways turned Kim and Scott 's lives upside down . How are they doing today ? Lessin : They 're rebuilding their community . They started a record label , Born Hustler Records . Kimberly is carnival royalty -LSB- at Mardi Gras -RSB- . They 're hometown heroes , as well they should be . They 're living where they weathered the storm , but they 're in a no-flood zone . iReport.com : Who do you think will win ?	Ninth Ward couple captures on video horrors of Hurricane Katrina and flood waters The New Orleans footage is used in Oscar-nominated film , "  Trouble the Water " Filmmakers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal hope to inspire action Originally "  fueled by a sense of outrage , " the story is about "  hope and survival "
CNN  -- Rajasthan Royals eased their way to an eight-wicket victory over the Deccan Chargers in the Indian Premier League on Saturday . South African spinner Johan Botha was the star with the bat , hitting eight fours and a six in an unbeaten 67 off just 47 balls as Rajasthan passed Deccan 's total of 137 for eight with seven balls to spare at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium . Botha , who was promoted to number three in the order , received good support from the veteran India batsman Rahul Dravid , who scored 28 , while New Zealand 's Ross Taylor chipped in with 21 not out . Put into bat by Rajasthan captain , Shane Warne , Deccan openers got off to a brisk start , but once Shikhar Dhawan and Ishank Jaggi were out , the runs dried up and wickets continued to fall with Siddharth Trivedi and Amit Singh claiming three victims each , while Warne bagged two . Australian Daniel Christian  26 runs  and Ravi Teja  28  boosted Deccan 's run rate towards the end of the innings but it could n't disguise a shortage of runs . Meanwhile , in the other IPL match played Saturday , the Bangalore Royal Challengers beat the Kochi Tuskers Kerala by six wickets at the Nehru Stadium , Kochi . An unbeaten half-century from South Africa 's AB de Villiers helped the Challengers overhaul a Tuskers total of 161 for five with eight balls to spare . Earlier , New Zealand 's Brendon McCullum and Indian legend VVS Laxman got the Tuskers off to a flier scoring at nearly 10-an-over until Laxman was out for 36 in the ninth over . McCullum followed two overs later for 45 from just 32 balls . A quickfire 27 from Australia 's Brad Hodge and 23 not out from India 's Ravindra Jadeja helped push the score past 150 . But De Villiers ' 54 was the star turn of the match . His 40-ball unbeaten innings included five sixes and gave his team the momentum at a crucial time in the match .	Shane Warne takes two wickets in a comfortable win over Deccan Chargers Unbeaten 54 from AB de Villiers earns Bangalore Royal Challengers victory
"  It 's an absolute disgrace . " Maureen Faulkner learned Tuesday that her husband 's convicted killer was selected as the commencement speaker for a graduating class at the Goddard College in Vermont . Thirty-two years ago Mumia Abu-Jamal , born Wesley Cook , was convicted of shooting and killing Faulkner 's husband , Daniel Faulkner , a five-year veteran with the Philadelphia Police Department . "  It 's a disgrace that you have to even hear his voice . My husband has been dead for 32 years and his voice was taken from him by Abu-Jamal , " Faulkner told CNN in a phone interview . Since his trial , conviction and imprisonment , Abu-Jamal , now 60 , has been a divisive figure . He had made a reputation in Philadelphia as an outspoken radical and radio journalist before Faulkner 's killing in December 1981 . He was originally sentenced to death , but the sentence was commuted to life without parole . Abu-Jamal has maintained his innocence throughout his incarceration and multiple appeals for a new trial , all of which have been denied . Supporters and activists have claimed he is a political prisoner . Human rights groups have questioned whether he received a fair trial . Abu-Jamal resides at Mahanoy state prison in Frackville , Pennsylvania , where he is a correspondent for PrisonRadio.org , which can be heard in more than 100 radio stations each week . He has written seven books and numerous essays , and has been the subject of films and documentaries . This is the second speech Abu-Jamal has given for Goddard students . The first was in 2008 . He also recorded commencement speeches for Evergreen State College in Washington state in 1999 and for Antioch College in Ohio in 2000 . Goddard spokesperson Samantha Kolber told CNN , "  We spoke with Mrs. Faulkner and expressed our deep sympathies , and while he felt for her loss we also felt the students had the freedom to listen to Mumia . " Abu-Jamal 's commencement speech was recorded via telephone from prison by PrisonRadio.org director Noelle Hanrahan . "  He called in to our studio , " Hanrahan told CNN . "  We will release it after the students hear it . It 's a reflection of his experience on campus at Goddard . He went to Goddard in the late '70s as an undergraduate . He talks about being able to experience an intellectual life . " Pennsylvania Department of Corrections policy allows general population inmates , such as Abu-Jamal , to make phone calls to an approved phone list . And as long as he is not breaking any rules , there is nothing corrections officers can do . "  We have tried to intervene but we have been told by the court that we ca n't , " said the Department of Corrections press secretary , Susan McNaughton . "  We are disappointed that a college would choose to have a convicted murderer , especially a cop killer , be their commencement speaker , " McNaughton said . Goddard is a small liberal arts college of about 600 students . The median student age is 35 years old . A graduating class of 23 students met with their faculty adviser and a professor , and chose Abu-Jamal as their speaker . "  He is a warm , gracious guy who is very articulate and on top of issues , " said Hanrahan . "  They are adults making their own decisions , " said Kolber . She quoted from what she said was an email from a student , saying Abu-Jamal 's case " ` has been rooted in the struggles for freedom of mind , body , and spirit ... ' which are values that are important to these graduates . " For Faulkner , this is a "  tragedy . " "  He  Abu-Jamal  is a despicable , callous , dangerous man and people try to put him on a pedestal and make him into something he is not , " said Faulkner . "  What can Abu-Jamal offer anyone after he so violently took my husband 's life ? " The college defended the student 's decision in a statement of support sent to CNN . "  Every individual has an inherent worth and dignity and deserves to have their perspective heard even if it is unpopular , " it read . "  There is academic merit in what Mumia has to say and it is important that we at Goddard College support our students ' right to choose and freedom of speech . " But Faulkner believes Abu-Jamal lost his freedom when he killed her husband . "  He stepped out of society when he put a bullet between my husband 's eyes . Just as he took my husband 's freedom and life , he lost his rights . Why does he have constitutional rights ? My husband does n't have any . He is 6 feet underground , " said Faulkner . Abu-Jamal 's speech is expected to be heard Saturday . The recorded remarks will be played alongside a short documentary on his life .	Mumia Abu-Jamal recorded the speech via phone from jail Abu-Jamal attended Goddard College ; he also gave a speech to students there in 2008 He is serving a life sentence at a Pennsylvania state prison Maureen Faulkner : "  What can Abu-Jamal offer anyone after he so violently took my husband 's life ? "
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid put proposed gun legislation on pause Thursday , setting it aside for now after the defeat a day earlier of major provisions sought by President Barack Obama and Democrats in the aftermath of the Newtown school massacre . The move emphasized the solid victory for the National Rifle Association and its conservative Republican allies in what Obama called "  round one " of the fight for tougher gun laws . It also shifted the gun debate from details of particular proposals to political sniping by both sides in an attempt to generate public support on the divisive issue . "  The next stage is blame avoidance , " noted Darrell West , the vice president and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution . "  Each side will seek to blame the other for the failure to address this important problem . " In announcing his temporary shelving of the gun legislation , Reid criticized Republicans for orchestrating Wednesday 's defeat of expanded background checks on gun buyers , a top priority of Obama and Democrats that national polls show is supported by about 90 % of Americans . He said Obama agreed with him that "  the best way to keep working towards passing a background check bill is to hit pause and freeze the background check bill where it is . " "  This debate is not over , " the Nevada Democrat declared on the Senate floor , adding that the Republican opposition to expanded background checks was "  not sustainable " in the face of public support for the measure . On Wednesday , Obama angrily accused Senate Republicans of doing the NRA 's bidding in opposing a bipartisan compromise that would expand background checks for private transactions at gun shows and all Internet sales . In unusually harsh language , he accused the NRA and its allies of spreading lies about the compromise drafted by Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania as part of a campaign to defeat it . A litany of supporters of tougher gun laws also condemned Republicans on Thursday , including a group of mayors led by New York 's Michael Bloomberg and former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who was seriously wounded in a 2011 shooting attack . Conservative GOP Sen. John Cornyn of Texas responded Thursday by condemning Obama for taking "  the low road " in the debate . Speaking on the Senate floor , Cornyn tried to position Republicans as the ones seeking new gun laws by challenging Reid and Democrats to work with them instead of putting the measure aside . He also sought to distance himself from the gun lobby , declaring he worked for the citizens of Texas rather than the NRA and insisting that "  those of us who did not agree with the president 's proposals are not being intimidated . " "  It 's absolutely false to say it comes down to politics , " Cornyn said . After the Senate voted down a series of amendments Wednesday , including watered-down measures to expand background checks and ban some semi-automatic firearms , it passed two amendments Thursday to the bill Reid later shelved . One was a GOP plan to protect the privacy of gun owners while the other was a bipartisan proposal to strengthen mental health programs . The decision by Reid indicated that he wants to see if calls for increased public pressure can influence more Republicans to defy the NRA , which scores legislators on their voting records and seeks to influence election campaigns involving candidates it supports or opposes . Wednesday 's votes showed the challenge Democrats face . The compromise on expanded background checks forged by Manchin and Toomey , both with A-rated voting records from the NRA , failed on a 54-46 vote . It needed 60 votes to pass under an agreement reached by Senate leaders that applied to all the amendments . Four Republicans broke from the NRA 's position to support the background check plan , while four Democrats from pro-gun states offset them by opposing it . Reid also voted "  no " in a procedural move giving him the ability to reintroduce his party 's top priority for a gun package at a later date . In other votes Wednesday , Republican proposals received stronger support . For example , a proposal by Cornyn that would have made state permits to carry concealed weapons acceptable throughout the country failed on a 57-43 vote . To Erica Lafferty , the daughter of the principal of the Newtown , Connecticut , school who was killed along with 20 first-graders and five other educators in the December attack , the Senate result amounted to inaction in the face of a national tragedy . "  The next time there 's a mass shooting and they 're asked what they did to prevent it , they 're going to have to say nothing , " she said . On the other side , the NRA 's Chris Cox called the expanded background check proposal "  misguided , " saying it would not reduce violent crime "  or keep our kids safe in their schools . " In the House , some Democrats and Republicans are proposing a measure similar to the Manchin-Toomey compromise defeated by the Senate . While its chances appear remote , based on the chamber 's GOP majority , Obama and Democrats urged people to insist that their elected leaders pass the background check measure that has strong public support . "  You need to let your representatives in Congress know that you are disappointed , and if they do n't act this time , you will remember come election time , " Obama said . Republican opponents of the new gun laws parroted the NRA position that expanding background checks would be a step toward a national gun registry and eventual federal confiscation of firearms , a claim that Obama and sponsors of the compromise called false . Some opponents argued the language of the compromise would burden law-abiding gun owners seeking to sell their guns privately over the Internet . Cornyn and others called for a more limited bill that would focus on keeping guns out of the hands of criminals and people adjudicated as mentally ill , rather than seeking to expand background checks beyond current limits . Democrats responded that such an argument was contradictory , because the expanded background checks would prevent criminals and the mentally ill from obtaining firearms . "  It 's inconceivable to me that someone could believe that you can keep guns away from criminals and the dangerously mentally ill without at a minimum having a background check , " said Rep. Mike Thompson of California , who was leading the Democratic gun law effort in the House . The debate over gun laws is not going away , according to West , the Brookings analyst . "  I expect this issue to remain on the public agenda , " he said , "  because shootings happen all the time and large numbers still favor tougher background checks . "	NEW : Sen. Cornyn denies a political motive in GOP opposition to tougher gun laws Sen. Reid says the Senate will return to the gun legislation at some point Now comes the blame game , an analyst says The Senate defeated key provisions on Wednesday
CNN  -- It may not fly with those imagining Santa with magical ones on Christmas Day , but a U.S. lawmaker decided to share with the world that one reindeer -- in part , anyway -- ended up on his plate . "  From Oslo , Merry Christmas season to my Scandinavian friends . ` Enjoyed ' a meal of lutefisk , reindeer , & lefse , " Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , tweeted . Some commenters on Twitter and around the web were less than thrilled . But making a meal of reindeer meat is actually "  totally normal considering where he is , " said food guru Kat Kinsman , who runs CNN 's Eatocracy blog . "  People eat this whenever it 's in season , and Norway is host to a pretty robust wild reindeer population . And if it was grown in the wild , "  that 's the most sustainably raised food that you can get , " she added . Meat actually played something of a role in popularizing the association of reindeer with Santa early last century , according to Laura Galloway , who wrote about the history for CNN.com . A businessman named Carl Lomen hoping to mass market reindeer meat worked with Macy 's in 1926 to create a parade led by Santa and reindeer . Though Lomen 's campaign for reindeer meat never took off in the United States , "  his marketing efforts unleashed a worldwide obsession with Santa and created a common narrative now known around the world , and even elaborated on , " Galloway wrote . In 1998 , CNN 's Patricia Kelly paid a Christmas Eve visit to Rovaniemi , Finland , where a tourist tradition claimed Santa liked to hang out . Reindeer meat was on the menu , she wrote , "  if you can bear not to think about Rudolph , Dancer , and Prancer . " You might be enjoying a very different Christmas feast . Enjoy ! CNN 's Ted Winner contributed to this report .	Rep. Steve King tweets his reindeer meal from Oslo It 's "  totally normal " for the region , CNN 's food guru explains Meat played a role in popularizing Christmas reindeer in the U.S.
CNN  -- Fiji has beaten defending champions South Africa 33-26 in the final of the Japan Rugby Sevens at the Prince Chichibu Memorial Ground in Tokyo . Led by captain Osea Kolinisau , Fiji ran in five tries to overpower the Springboks and claim their second Cup win of this year 's IRB Sevens World Series following a triumph in Dubai at the end of November . The win keeps Fiji third in the overall standings with their points rising to 95 while New Zealand are in second place on 114 points , two behind new leaders South Africa . "  It 's our goal this season to win the series and we are closing up the points , " Kolinisau said , irbsevens.com reported . "  We hope to try and improve on our mistakes and take one game at a time in Hong Kong . " Kolinisau said the win in Japan will heighten expectations that his team can successfully defend their Hong Kong title -- a tournament they have won 14 times overall . In the remaining matches , England took third place with a 21-12 victory over the Kiwis while Australia won the Plate final beating the U.S. 17-12 . Wales was victorious in the Bowl final beating old adversaries Scotland 28 points to 21 . Round seven of the nine-leg World Series gets underway at the Hong Kong Stadium on Friday . Read more : Japan : Land of the rising scrum ? Read more : Rugby trailblazer turns sevens cheerleader	Fiji notch up second win of 2013/14 World Sevens series Captain Osea Kolinisau leads Fiji to 33-26 victory over South Africa England beat New Zealand in third/fourth playoff Fiji start defense of Hong Kong Sevens title on March 28
CNN  -- Kepler-22b is the first confirmed planet in the "  habitable zone , " the area around a star where a planet could exist with liquid water on its surface , that has been discovered by NASA 's Kepler mission . The planet 's radius is about 2.4 times that of the Earth . It is located about 600 light years away . Its orbital period is shorter than that of the Earth : a "  year " on Kepler-22b is 290 days instead of 365 . There were two other planets confirmed this year by other projects in the habitable zone , but their stars are much cooler than our Sun , and their orbits are more like that of Venus or Mars , scientists say . Kepler-22b is 15 % closer to its star and we are to the Sun . But since Kepler-22b 's star is dimmer , lower in temperature and smaller than our Sun , researchers ' modeling suggests it is a similar temperature to the Earth , said Bill Borucki , Kepler principal investigator at NASA 's Ames Research Center . "  If the greenhouse warming were similar on this planet and had a surface , its surface temperature would be something like 72 Fahrenheit , a very pleasant temperature here on Earth . " The warmer a planet , the more evaporation of water there would be , Borucki said . A planet ca n't have a surface temperature that 's very hot without losing all of the surface water . The Kepler mission reported in February that it had found 54 planet candidates in the habitable zone ; Kepler-22b is the first of these to be confirmed , and those results will be published in The Astrophysical Journal . There are still 48 potential planets from that batch . Researchers find planets by examining the brightness of stars as a function of time ; brightness drops when a potential planet crosses the star . Three transits are required for a planet confirmation . The period of the transit of Kepler 22-b was 7.4 hours . It did not appear to give off its own light , indicating it is a planet and not a star . Scientists do not yet have a measurement of the mass of Kepler 22-b , which would tell them more about the composition of the planet . This summer , when the planet 's star will be high in the sky , ground-based telescopes can attempt to get its mass . Opinion : Why we need Hubble successor The planet is even more mysterious because its radius is between that of Earth and Uranus and Neptune , both of which have radii about four times the size of Earth 's . So we do n't know what a planet in this size range typically looks like . "  We have no planet like this in our solar system , " he said . Is life restricted to Earth , or could it exist somewhere like Kepler 22-b ? It may be that the characteristics of Earth , with its particular position in the solar system , particular magnetic field strength and presence of larger planets like Jupiter make Earth very rare in having life  this is called the "  Rare Earth Hypothesis . "  But it 's also possible that life in the universe is common , and we 're only one example . "  As soon as we find an independent example of life somewhere else , we 'll know it 's ubiquitous throughout the universe . We 're all looking for No. 2 , " said Jill Tarter of the SETI Institute . The Kepler mission has now identified a total of 2,326 planet candidates . You can read more about the Kepler discoveries at the mission website .	Kepler-22b is the first confirmed planet in the "  habitable zone " where liquid water can exist The planet is more than twice as big as Earth Scientists are now trying to establish its mass The Kepler mission has identified more than 2,000 planet candidates that could hold life
Napa Valley , California  CNN  -- It is the quintessential Napa Valley experience . Passengers aboard sleek antique rail cars pay more than $ 100 for a four-course meal , not including the wine . A recent lunch aboard the train included steak , lobster cakes and local greens . During their three-hour journey winding through Napa Valley , passengers can choose from more than 100 wines to complement their meal . The Napa Valley Wine Train has been shuttling passengers through one of the country 's most famous valleys for more than two decades , but now it 's under fire because of Republican Sens. Tom Coburn and John McCain . They ranked the wine train as No. 11 on their list of the 100 most "  wasteful " and "  silly " stimulus projects , leading some to call it the Stimulus Waste Express . When Melodie Hilton , who handles public relations for the wine train , learned about that nickname , she was less than pleased . Hilton said the report temporarily affected business . She said through a smile , "  it 's never fun to wake up and find that you 're an object of national scorn . " But CNN found that scorn undeserved . In fact , CNN confirmed that not a single stimulus dollar is being spent on the wine train itself . The stimulus money is really being used for a massive flood-control project for the valley . The train 's tracks happen to be in the way , so they have to be moved . It is a simple fix , but it 's not cheap . To make it happen , $ 54 million is being used to build a flood wall at the wine train depot , elevate the tracks and move them 33 feet , and raise four bridges . How did the wine train end up on the list of wasteful projects ? "  The person who did the research for the senators did n't do a thorough job , " Hilton said , "  and I think if they did a thorough job , we would n't have been on the list at all . " Barry Martin is the spokesman for the Napa River Flood Control Project . He called the senators ' report "  deliberate deception " and a way to score "  political points . " Martin says this is not a "  frivolous project " or a waste of stimulus dollars . "  This is perfectly fitting into what stimulus is intended to do . People are on the job working today who might not be otherwise , " Martin said . Coburn 's spokesman said the whole project is a "  misplaced priority . " He also criticized it for being a "  no-bid " project , meaning only one contractor was considered . Just how many people are employed on the project is ambiguous . Martin says that at least 600 jobs have been created for the whole thing . And those people , he says , will stay on the job two to three years . The Army Corps of Engineers , which is overseeing the flood control initiative , said that every $ 1 million spent creates about 20 jobs but said it did n't have an exact figure of jobs for the project . And the contractor , Suulutaaq , had reported just 12 jobs created to the White House . A spokeswoman said the company expects that 200 people will be employed over the life of the project . Regardless , the goal is to prevent Napa from flooding every few years , as it does now . In 1986 , a flood cost the city $ 100 million . In 2005 , flood damage hit $ 115 million . Hilton , who has lived through the floods in Napa Valley and recalls neighborhoods under feet of water , wrote a letter to McCain : "  Since you have thrown down the gauntlet , and made accusations , I would like to demand satisfaction ! ... Talk to the officials behind this project ; learn what is really going on . It is your right and your responsibility . " "  We all have the same goal , " she later said . "  Nobody appreciates waste . If he came out and explored this , I do n't think this would have been on the list . " CNN 's Susan Chun contributed to this report .	U.S. senators claimed Wine Train received stimulus money CNN found stimulus funds are not used for the train ; money is for flood-control project Sen. Tom Coburn 's spokesman calls project "  misplaced priority " The latest on the controversy over the wine train on tonight 's "  AC 360  , " 10 ET
