LA CROSSE , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Give Brad Williams a date , and he can usually tell you not only what he was doing but what world events happened that day . He can do this for almost every day of his life . Brad Williams has hyperthymestic syndrome , experts say , and remembers what he did on allmost every day of his life . Williams is one of only three people in the world identified with this off-the-charts autobiographical memory , according to researchers at the University of California-Irvine who gave the condition its name : hyperthymestic syndrome , from the Greek words for excessive  hyper  and remembering  thymesis  . Unlike most people whose memories fade with time , much of Williams ' life is etched indelibly in his mind . "  It 's just there , " said Williams , 51 , who reports the news for a family of radio stations in La Crosse , Wisconsin . The California researchers are studying Williams and the two others with hyperthymestic syndrome , a man in Ohio and woman in California , hoping to gain new insights into how a superior memory works . The goal of the study is to find a way to help people with failing memory . Williams did n't realize how exceptional his memory was until his brother Eric told him about an article published two years ago in the journal Neurocase , describing a woman referred to by the initials , A.J. "  My brother in California saw this and said , ` She sounds like you . Why do n't we talk to the folks at Irvine ? ' " Williams said . At Irvine , researchers quizzed Williams , as they have the two other hyperthymestics , about a series of dates , asking for the corresponding event , and vice-versa . "  The speed with which they do this is part of why I find this so amazing because it seems to indicate there 's no -- or not much -- intentional calculation going on . It 's boom , boom , boom , there 's the answer , " said Larry Cahill , a fellow at the university 's Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory . "  Remember , these are questions they had no idea what we 're going to ask them . " Now researchers are using an MRI to create three-dimensional pictures of the hyperthymestic brain . They want to see whether any brain structures differ in size , compared with the average brain . Cahill and his colleagues are still going over the results but it appears some structures in the prefrontal cortex are substantially larger in hyperthymestics . The prefrontal cortex sits at the front of the brain and has been associated with complex thinking , not learning or memory . Cahill said he hoped others with this extraordinary ability will come forward . "  I hope that we can identify as many of these people as possible because the more we identify and the more we study the greater the likelihood that we are going to really figure out fundamental new things about brains and memory that we would have never figured out without them , " Cahill said . Flipping through a family photo album with him it was astonishing how much Williams recalled , going back decades . Asked about one black and white picture taken in the Badlands of South Dakota , he remembered exactly when it was taken : Tuesday , July 28 , 1964 , the same day as a trip to Mount Rushmore . He also remembered that the temperature reached 100 degrees and that they tried to keep Funny Face drinks cool in a Thermos in the back of the car . Cahill said Williams and the other hyperthymestics do n't do any better than average on standard memory tests , nor are they savants , a condition where one extraordinary mental ability is accompanied by deficits in other areas . In this age of instant information , what can you do with phenomenal recall ? "  I do n't really know . I 've thought about it for years , " said Williams , the 1969 Wisconsin Spelling Bee champion . Williams appeared on "  Jeopardy! " but finished second . For now , Williams said he is content knowing research into his memory might help others . "  That would be the ultimate goal . " David S. Martin is a senior producer with CNN Medical News .	Wisconsin man has extraordinary memory known as hyperthymestic syndrome He remembers specific dates , days of week , events from decades ago Researchers hope to gain new insights into how a superior memory works
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was one of the most famous people in the world . Yet for all his global fame , the man himself was shrouded in mystery . Michael Jackson in 2001 , during the time period he was recording conversations with Shmuley Boteach . Now some of that mystery has been peeled away . Jackson recorded about 30 hours of deeply personal thoughts with his friend and spiritual adviser , Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , between August 2000 and April 2001 . The results are the basis of a new book , "  The Michael Jackson Tapes : A Tragic Icon Reveals His Soul in Intimate Conversation . " Boteach joined CNN 's Larry King in an interview aired Monday night that painted the pop star as a lonely , injured soul who craved adoration and love but was too damaged to find it . Boteach 's recordings also revealed Jackson 's relationships with various family members and celebrities -- some of which were warm , others tense and others painful and dysfunctional . When Jackson was recording his tapes , Madonna was not held in high esteem . "  She is not a nice person , " Jackson told Boteach . Jackson revealed how he and Madonna had bickered about where they would socialize . "  Madonna laid the law down to me before we went out . -LSB- She said -RSB- I am not going to Disneyland , OK ? That 's out , " Jackson said . "  I said , ' I did n't ask to go to Disneyland . ' She said , ` We are going to the restaurant . And afterwards , we are going to a strip bar . ' "  I said , ' I am not going to a strip bar , where they cross dress . ... I am not going to there . If that 's how it is , forget this whole thing . ... Afterwards , she wrote some mean things about me in the press . And I wrote that she is a nasty witch , after I was so kind to her , " Jackson said . King asked Boteach whether Jackson 's opinion might have moderated on Madonna , especially in light of her warm comments at his memorial service . "  Well , let 's be very fair to Madonna , " Boteach said . "  These comments by Michael were said about his experiences with Madonna years and years ago , when she had an extremely testy public image . She was the Material Girl , the bad girl . And I think Michael was reacting to that . " Jackson had much more loving things to say about celebrity pal Brooke Shields and ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley . " -LSB- Brooke -RSB- was one of the loves of my life . I think she loved me as much as I loved her , " Jackson said . "  You know , we dated a lot . " Jackson went on to describe his first meeting with Shields and how thrilled he was that the woman whose picture was up on his walls invited him to a party after the Academy Awards . "  So we get to the after-party , she comes up to me and she goes , ` Will you dance with me ? " and I went , ` Yes , I will dance with you . ' So we went on the dance floor and we danced , " Jackson said . "  And , man , we exchanged numbers and ... I was up all night singing , spinning around in my room , just so happy , you know . It was great . " Boteach said Jackson simultaneously held women in reverence and awe yet harbored deep suspicions about their motivations and his perceived their use of sexuality to achieve their goals . Those feelings did n't extend to Presley , however . Boteach played one of his conversations on this subject for King : Jackson : "  Women can do some things that make guys very unhappy . I see it with my brothers . I see my brothers crying in tears and pulling the grass out of the lawn out of frustration because of their wives . " Boteach : "  Do you think all their wives were interested more in their success than in them ? " Jackson : "  Absolutely . They were after their money . That 's why I said to myself , ` I 'll never be married . ' I held out the longest . I stayed at home until I was 27 , 28 . " Boteach : "  What was part of the attraction to Lisa Marie ? That she had her own money ? She had her own fame . You knew it was n't about any of that . " Jackson : "  Absolutely . She did n't take a penny , did n't want anything . " Jackson also talked on the tapes about his complicated relationships with his parents , especially his father , Joe Jackson . Jackson described physical abuse at the hands of his father , including being stripped and oiled down before beatings with a iron cord . "  He would just whip you all over your face , your back , everywhere , " Jackson told Boteach . "  I would just give up , like there was nothing I could do , you know . And I hated him for it . I hated him . " In a recent appearance on "  Larry King Live , " Joe Jackson denied ever physically abusing Michael . Jackson also told Boteach that he and his sister Janet , as children , would pretend that their father was dead and make a game of how they 'd react to his death . Michael said he 'd ask Janet to picture their father in a coffin , and would ask her if that made her sad . She would repeatedly say it would n't , Michael said . Yet there was more to the father-son relationship . Michael also said he gave a lot of credit to his father for his entertainment success and always held out hope for reconciliation and a loving relationship . Boteach recalled one conversation he overheard when Michael called his father on the phone : "  I 'm going to tell the world how you were responsible for my success . You taught me . You were a great manager , " he recalls Jackson telling his father . "  You taught me how to perform . You inspired me . You motivated me . " Boteach said that complicated relationship was at the root of many of Michael Jackson 's problems and his obsession about children . "  I 'm not here to judge Joe Jackson . He was raising nine children , " Boteach told King . "  But there can be no question that the devastating illustration given by Michael explains so much of his brokenness . Michael shared this , holding a tape recorder to his mouth , because he wanted the world to judge him more charitably . " Boteach said he ultimately broke off his relationship with the singer because he felt like Jackson was going down a self-destructive path and did n't want Boteach 's advice or help . The tapes also revealed other fascinating glimpses of the singer 's psyche and thoughts : • In one of the most stunning exchanges , Jackson suggests that he could have transformed Adolf Hitler 's heart if he could have had an hour alone with the Nazi dictator . • On then-meteoric Britney Spears : "  I do n't believe that she 'll have any great longevity in the public eye because she does n't understand the power of mystery . " • On his first girlfriend , Tatum O'Neal : "  When I held Tatum 's hand ... it was the most magical thing . It was better than kissing her . " • On being at the deathbed of Ryan White , the young boy who tugged at the nation 's heart during his struggle with AIDS : "  I took care of him . He stayed at my house . ... I said , ` Ryan , I promise to you I would do something in your honor on my next album . I will create a song for you . I will sing it . I want the world to know who you are . ' I did "  Gone Too Soon . " That was for him . " • On his regard for children : "  I would throw in the towel if it were n't for children and babies , you know . ... I 've said it before , if it was n't for children , I would choose death . I mean that with all my heart . " Despite the break in his relationship with Jackson , Boteach said he had high regard for the singer and the lessons they both learned during their sessions . "  The way I feel right now . I could cry right now listening to his voice again . You know ... Michael was trying to share with the world that our culture thinks somehow that fame and fortune are an acceptable substitute for love and affection , " Boteach said . "  But Michael discovered that these are empty gifts that leave you bereft . "	Jackson 's former spiritual adviser , Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , appears on "  Larry King " Jackson describes thrill when Brooke Shields invited him to party , asked for dance Pop star told Boteach he thought he would have been able to transform Hitler Boteach 's lesson from Jackson : Fame is n't acceptable substitute for real love
New York  CNN  -- Prosecutors in New York on Thursday accused three Lebanese financial institutions of money laundering that benefited the militant group Hezbollah , and they demanded forfeitures and penalties totaling hundreds of millions of dollars . A civil action alleges that hundreds of millions of dollars in drug profits and other money were laundered through the Lebanese Canadian Bank as well as two exchange houses . The primary method , it alleges , was by mingling that cash with the finances of legitimate businesses -- primarily a network of about 30 U.S.-based car exporters , who shipped more than $ 1 billion worth of cars from the United States to West Africa for sale . It said dealers in about 10 states were involved , but there was no evidence the U.S.-based businesses were aware of the Hezbollah connection . Prosecutors said in their announcement , "  Cash from the sale of the cars in West Africa was mixed with proceeds from narcotics trafficking , and then transferred to Lebanon through  Hezbollah  - controlled money-laundering channels , " and "  part of the proceeds was used to support  Hezbollah  . " The filing says the bank permitted Hezbollah-related entities to move as much as $ 260,000 a day through their accounts , without disclosing the source or purpose of the money . In February , the U.S. Treasury Department designated the Lebanese Canadian Bank as a "  financial institution of primary money laundering concern . " Since then , the bank has been acquired by the subsidiary in Lebanon of Société Générale . Before the acquisition , the accused bank had 35 branches in Lebanon and had grown in recent years from assets of $ 2.83 billion in 2005 to $ 5.18 billion in 2009 . Prosecutors on Thursday demanded the bank 's assets be forfeited due to the alleged wrongdoing . The chairman of Lebanese Canadian Bank , Georges Zard Abou Jaoude , told CNN on Thursday , "  We deny any relation whatsoever with Hezbollah . " He said that the before the bank 's sale , "  All the accounts were scrutinized , through three international auditors . We did n't have any evidence backing all these allegations . " He added that the bank had used safeguards to prevent transactions by known money launders . "  We never had any transaction or any connection with any name which was blacklisted . The moment a name appeared on the screen , we froze the account , " he said . CNN was not able to reach Hezbollah officials immediately for comment . But the group 's chief political strategist , speaking to The New York Times this week , said the group had no relationship to the Lebanese Canadian Bank and dismissed the American allegations of a drug connection as politically motivated propaganda . On Tuesday , prosecutors in Virginia also indicted a Lebanese man they allege was at the center of the laundering network and who they say has ties to Hezbollah -- although he is not a member of the group . They assert that Ayman Joumaa coordinated the smuggling and sale of at least 90 tons of cocaine destined for the United States and laundered hundreds of millions of dollars for drug gangs in Mexico and Colombia such as the notorious Zetas . According to the indictment , Joumaa laundered as much as $ 200 million a month and made bulk cash deliveries to South America in amounts as high as $ 4 million . "  He moved the money , " said Brian Dodd , the Drug Enforcement Administration agent who coordinated the Joumaa investigation . "  He could n't have survived without Hezbollah . And he was a source of revenue for Hezbollah . " Joumaa is not in custody , and officials would only say they believe him to be in the Middle East . Hezbollah , which the United States has designated a terrorist organization , is an influential member of the government in Lebanon . But it also has a history of terror attacks against American interests , dating back to the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1983 . Now Hezbollah may be using criminal proceeds to help pay for its militant operations , according to DEA agent Derek Maltz . "  The worldwide demand for drugs is actually helping terror groups fund their activities , " Maltz said . "  And these groups want to destroy America . " Jonathan Schanzer , an ex-Treasury Department terror finance analyst who is with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , said , "  Hezbollah can do a lot of damage , and the more money that rolls in , the more problematic that will be . "  You have an organization right now that has been operating a massive criminal enterprise , " he said , "  and using that money to further its aims in the region -- which is about creating a little mini-state inside of Lebanon , amassing weapons , threatening Israel , providing assistance to the insurgency in Iraq , providing assistance to other terrorist organizations around the world . " Schanzer said this week 's allegations raised concerns about how many other unseen activities -- financial or military -- Hezbollah may be conducting . But the recent moves by prosecutors against Hezbollah 's money supply could take a toll on the militant group 's potency , he said -- along with a reduction in funds from its main backers , Syria and Iran , in the wake of tightened international sanctions . "  Their arm gets a little bit shorter , " he said , "  and their influence begins to wane just a little bit . " CNN 's Nada Husseini and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Prosecutors demand bank 's assets be forfeited due to alleged wrongdoing Lebanese Canadian Bank and two exchange houses cited in civil action filed in New York Three financial institutions accused of money laundering to help militant group Hezbollah Bank 's chairman denies any connection to Hezbollah
The Supreme Court on Wednesday announced disturbing decisions on two important cases regarding marriage law , but the high court refused to create a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . In striking down Section 3 of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , the court declared that the federal government ca n't define marriage as the union of one man and one woman for its own policies and laws but must accept whatever the states decide about marriage . The court 's ruling , though , does n't affect Section 2 , which provides that no state is required to give effect to another state 's recognition of same-sex marriages . The court got it wrong with DOMA . The justices ignored the votes of large , bipartisan majorities in Congress in 1996 . It is absurd for the court to suggest that Congress does n't have the power to define the meaning of words in statutes that Congress itself enacts . This is a serious loss for federalism and democratic self-government . We must work to reverse it -- and to defend the rights of all Americans to make marriage policy . In its ruling on California 's Proposition 8  which defined marriage in that state as the union of one man and one woman  , the Supreme Court declared that the citizen group that sponsored the initiative did n't have standing to defend the state constitutional amendment that millions of Californians voted to pass . The only reason this jurisdiction question was an issue is because the governor and attorney general of California decided to not defend a law passed by the people . Although the government of California through inaction tried to silence the voices of Californians , the court did n't create a right to redefine marriage . Marriage laws in the states that tell the truth about marriage -- that it is a union of one man and one woman to provide children with a mom and a dad -- were not struck down . We must now work to protect marriage laws in 37 other states .	Ryan Anderson : Supreme Court 's decisions on marriage law are disturbing He says the court got it wrong on the federal DOMA and California 's Prop 8 Anderson : Marriage is about the union of one man and one woman
CNN  -- As we head into Father 's Day , I wanted to reveal a little secret for all the fathers who are doing their best to be great dads and great men . I 'm the single mother of a wonderful 9-year-old son . At 46 , I 've learned more about men from being his mother than I ever learned throughout decades of dating , marriage , divorce , engagement and a broken engagement . It 's true . We talk about everything under the sun . The authenticity with which his boyhood exhibits itself constantly keeps me on my toes as often as he keeps me laughing . I thought I knew everything , but by watching my son 's perspective on life -- he does n't hide anything -- I learn more about the male species . In his innocence , he breaks it down better than 100 hours of Oprah can . For instance : Mommy , why are your legs so hairy ? Lesson No. 1 : Men like it when women maintain their looks Whenever I 'm burning the candle at both ends , my son reminds me to take care of myself . The first time he noticed my hairy legs was the first time I realized I had let my personal grooming go a little too much . As a fashion expert , my image is usually rather polished and stylish -- in public . However , in private , when I get home the first thing I do is I take off my bra and change into cozy sweats and a T-shirt . If it 's winter and my legs are hidden  and I 'm not dating anyone  , I confess that I often forget to shave . Only my son and I know that I let the hair on my legs grow a liiiiittle tooooo loooong when it 's disguised under pants during the winter . When he notices , I know it 's time to remind myself to maintain my self-esteem for myself ... and my man . Your legs are so pretty , why do n't you wear more dresses ? Lesson No. 2 : Men love it when women wear dresses Nothing humbles this fashionista more than when my son asks me to wear dresses more often . I only wear dresses if I 'm attending special evening events , so his eyes light up whenever I step out in a dress . I 've been blessed with my mother 's and grandmother 's pretty legs . I rarely used to show them off . Now I do -- because my son reminds me that I should . Sometimes boys do crazy things , Mom Lesson No. 3 : Sometimes men do crazy things The other day I heard a thumping noise coming from my son 's bathroom . He was using the toilet plunger to create what he called "  cool sounds " on the wall . I had a fit . I was openly annoyed at him for spreading germs on the wall . He was tasked with wiping the wall down with antibacterial wipes . After he finished he said , "  I 'm sorry . I know it did n't make any sense . But it was fun ! Sometimes boys do crazy things , Mom , " to which I replied , "  You 're right ! " I all could do was hug him and smile . When can I have a play date ? Lesson No. 4 : Men behave better when they 're allowed to play To all you smothering women out there . "  Stop ! " My son gets ants in his pants on rainy days . He pouts , he gets moody and irritable whenever he ca n't release his male energy . He thrives whenever he plays with other boys . I would rather be a golf widow than stress over my man 's whereabouts . Cars , sports , bars , smartphones , computers , techy stuff and video games . These are just toys for big boys . If your man needs time to hang out with the boys , do n't try to stop him . If you encourage him to go outside and play , he 'll come home even faster when the streetlights come on . No matter how old they are , men will always be boys at heart . I 'm a big boy now Mommy ! Lesson No. 5 : Men will always be boys , but they want a woman to treat them like a man My son loves it when I treat him like a big boy , and I let him do big boy stuff with other boys . Even little boys want to be treated like big boys . If I had a dollar for every time I unknowingly emasculated a man  before I learned better from my son  , I would be a gazillionaire . I grew up assuming I had to work as hard as a man if I wanted to lead a successful life . I thought that meant I also had to lead men in my personal life . If I had known better , I would have let my man wear the pants while I led him in a dress . Now I wear more dresses than ever ... and I shave my legs , too . Opinion : Son , this is how to be a man Opinion : My dad gave me life - twice When is ` Daddy ' more than DNA ? Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Stephany Greene laughs at the things she has learned about men from her young son The lessons span generations -- from taking care of herself to allowing men time to play And sometimes , her 9-year-old son tells her , "  Boys do crazy things , Mom "
CNN  -- The two Swedish journalists convicted as terrorists in Ethiopia have opted to seek a pardon rather than appeal the verdict and their 11-year sentences , a Swedish official said Tuesday . Martin Schibbye and Johan Persson were convicted in December by a court in Addis Ababa after being accused of helping the Ogaden National Liberation Front , which Ethiopia has labeled a terrorist organization , and for entering Ethiopia illegally . The decision to try for a pardon "  does not mean any change in our view that they were there working as journalists and that they should be released as soon as possible , " Kent Oberg , spokesman for the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told CNN . Ethiopian troops captured Persson and Schibbye in July during an exchange of gunfire with the rebel group in the Ogaden , a prohibited region along the nation 's border with Somalia , according to state media In a short statement provided to CNN by Schibbye 's mother , Karin , the two journalists said : "  There is a tradition of mercy and forgiveness in Ethiopia and we choose to rely on this tradition . " The Swedish Union of Journalists reiterated that Persson and Schibbye were in Ethiopia working as journalists . "  It will always be a defeat for press freedom when journalists are prosecuted , imprisoned and convicted when they are performing their job as journalists , " Jonas Nordling , president of the Swedish Union of Journalists , said in a statement on the union 's website . Karin Schibbye said in a phone call with CNN that this has been a difficult time for the family . "  I 'm very shaken , but I 'm starting to get used to it , " she said . "  We live day by day . The first big shock came when they were prosecuted . The next devastating moment was when the judge found them guilty of terrorism . " She said the two men deny that they were in Ethiopia to support terrorism . "  They are innocent . They had no intention of disrupting anything in Ethiopia , no bad intentions at all , but now it is like they are in a trap , " she said . "  The fact that they chose not to appeal means they now have to figure out exactly how this process of seeking a pardon will work , if they have to admit to the crimes or just apologize . " The pair sought "  the best possible advice , " she said , adding that "  most experts have said that seeking a pardon is the best way forward . " After the trial , she said , "  They felt that their defense arguments did n't have much impact " and "  They felt that it was very unlikely that another judge would see it any different . " "  This may take a long time , but they are ready for it , " she said . Karin Schibbye last saw the two journalists just before Christmas , and she said the pair feels that they have great support from home . "  They are happy that their case has put a spotlight on press freedom and human rights in Ethiopia and that their ordeal is n't in vain . " Schibbye and Persson are being held under harsh circumstances at the Kality prison , Karin Schibbye told CNN . "  The prison is divided into zones with about 1,000 people in each zone , " she said . "  In each zone there are small huts , with between 150 and 250 people in each , where they are locked up at night . In each hut there are only about 100 beds , so most people sleep on the bare floor . At one point Martin told me there were so many prisoners in the hut that they had to sleep stacked next to each other on the floor . " But now Schibbye and Persson have advanced in the prison 's "  inner hierarchy , " Karin Schibbye said , and they share a bed that is 90 centimeters wide . "  They have also sewn , like , a tent to give them a little bit of privacy , " she said . "  But the light is never turned off and it is never quiet at night , so I think that is the hardest thing for them . " The men have put themselves on a daily schedule of eating and exercising to try to stay healthy , " she said . "  But there is no room to exercise , so they jump up and down right where they are to at least do something . " The family is paying a hotel across the street to bring them lunch packets each day , "  and we 've given them some dry food to cook at night , " she said . "  But they have to hang it up in the roof so that the rats do n't eat it . ... We should have given them metal cans instead of plastic ones since the rats can eat through the plastic cans . " Schibbye and Persson have also persuaded the prison warden to allow them to start setting up a library in the prison , she said . "  Now every time we go down there from now on we will bring a suitcase full of English books . So if anyone wants to help out and send down English books to their new library that would be great , " Karin Schibbye told CNN . When the process of seeking a pardon can start is still unclear , the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs said .	Martin Schibbye and Johan Persson are serving 11-year sentences "  There is a tradition of mercy and forgiveness in Ethiopia , " Schibbye 's mother says "  They felt that their defense arguments did n't have much impact " at trial , she says They have been held in harsh conditions , she says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two Americans and three Afghan soldiers died in a firefight that might have involved insurgent forces , the International Security Assistance Force said Sunday . One of the U.S. deaths was a soldier ; the other was a civilian , U.S. officials said . The coalition first said the clash Saturday was the latest in a spate of insider attacks involving Afghan forces , which have killed more than 50 NATO troops this year . Later , the coalition called that into question . It appears the clash in Sydabad district might have been provoked by insurgent fire , said Lt. Gen. Adrian Bradshaw , the ISAF deputy commander , at a news conference . Marine killed in Afghanistan predicted insider attack that lead to his death The firefight took place at a temporary checkpoint being operated by ISAF troops in Wardak province , west of Kabul . An Afghan National Army , or ANA unit , was nearby , Bradshaw said . "  According to ISAF and ANA reporting , after a short conversation took place between ANA and ISAF personnel , firing occurred which resulted in the fatal wounding of an ISAF soldier and the death of his civilian colleague . " Neither the statement nor Bradshaw indicated who fired the fatal rounds . Investigators from ISAF and the Afghan army were trying to establish "  whether the initial exchange of fire was provoked by insurgent firing , " Bradshaw said . "  That is not clear , " but "  there is a report of insurgent fire , " he said . In its statement , ISAF called the clash "  tragic . " The incident brings the confirmed U.S. death toll inside Afghanistan to 2,002 , according to a CNN account . The deaths include four U.S. civilians . The thoughts and prayers of the president and first lady "  go out to the families of those who sacrifice so much for this country in Afghanistan , including the families of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice , " said Josh Earnest , a spokesman for President Barack Obama . Insider attacks by Afghan soldiers and police officers -- or militants wearing uniforms -- have been on the rise for months . ISAF : Insurgents in deadly attack in Afghanistan wore U.S. Army uniforms So-called "  green-on-blue " attacks have been climbing this year , triggering concerns about the stability of Afghan security forces ahead of planned NATO withdrawals in 2014 . "  Green-on-blue " refers to a color-coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to international troops and green refers to allied Afghan forces . "  Make no mistake though that these attacks do not diminish in any way the commitment of the president , the commitment of our men and women in uniform , the commitment of our allies to follow through and complete successful transition to Afghanistan by 2014 , " said Earnest . The senior combat leader in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , said he is "  mad as hell " about the insider attacks , but he stressed it is important to remember the majority of Afghans are "  with us in this . " "  We 're willing to sacrifice a lot for this campaign , but we 're not willing to be murdered for it , " he said during an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that aired Sunday night . Afghan President Hamid Karzai also appeared on the show . He described the attacks as "  sad " and spoke about the security situation . "  The reason for the NATO and American intervention in Afghanistan was terrorism . Terrorism has not gone away . It has increased , " the president said . "  We must then question how come they 've returned . ... Something must have gone wrong for that to happen . " NATO 's ISAF troops are training Afghan soldiers and police to maintain security in the country ahead of the planned end of allied combat operations . This month , U.S. troops in Afghanistan were ordered to halt joint operations with local security forces in some areas on account of such attacks . Opinion : Green-on-blue attacks show there 's no easy way out of Afghanistan Roadside bomb kills 2 in Afghanistan Afghan troops taking on perilous fight against insurgency Journalist Ben Farmer and CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Michael Pearson and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Gen. John Allen and President Hamid Karzai discuss security on "  60 Minutes " Firefight may have been provoked by insurgents , ISAF commander says A civilian contractor killed in the clash was American , the U.S. Embassy confirms A U.S. service member also died in the Saturday incident , ISAF says
CNN  -- With three police officers dead and two others wounded , Justin Bourque had finally admitted "  I 'm done " and given up . Two months later , he made it official . The 24-year-old Canadian man pleaded guilty Friday to three counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder , his lawyer David Lutz said . He is set to be sentenced October 27 . Bourque 's submission stands in contrast to the brazen relentlessness he showed in June , when he embarked on a grisly rampage through Moncton , New Brunswick , some 150 kilometers  93 miles  northeast of Saint John . The carnage prompted people to shutter themselves in their houses and barricades to spring up around Moncton , a city of 140,000 people that had no homicides at all in 2011 and 2012 . It ended early June 7 , when Bourque was arrested after yelling through a window , a nearby resident told CNN partner CBC . "  They  police  were screaming for about five minutes and they had their guns loaded , " the resident , Michelle Thibodeau , told CBC . "  And eventually Justin came out with his hands up and he yelled , ` I 'm done . ' And they collected him and brought him to my front yard , where he lay sprawled out . " The slain Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers were Constables David Ross , 32 , Fabrice Georges Gevaudan , 45 , and Douglas James Larche , 40 . Why did Bourque do it ? A Facebook page that purportedly belongs to him has many posts with pro-gun photos and a few anti-police memes . There is also a photo where two men pose with shotguns in the snow . It was posted on February 25 , six days after the Facebook page was created , and is used as the profile picture . According to CBC , the judge at Borque 's hearing Friday told the defendant he could be facing consecutive life sentences with no chance of parole for 75 years for the three first-degree murder charges . Georgia courthouse shooter had bombs , assault rifle 3 shot at Seattle Pacific University	Justin Bourque pleads guilty to 3 counts of first-degree murder , his lawyer says He set off on a rampage in early June through a city in New Brunswick Three Royal Canadian Mountain Police officers were killed , two others wounded The 24-year-old Bourque is set to be sentenced on October 27
CNN  -- A Cleveland man accused of murder , rape and holding three women captive for about a decade in his home pleaded not guilty Wednesday to the 977 counts against him . Ariel Castro 's plea is his second in a month , necessitated by a fresh indictment issued by a grand jury last week . The 977-count indictment added 648 counts to the 329 to which he pleaded not guilty in June . Castro , wearing an orange jumpsuit and flanked by two defense attorneys , kept his eyes closed during most of Wednesday 's proceedings in Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas . The judge periodically instructed him to open his eyes to make sure he understood the charges and his rights as she summarized them . "  I 'm trying , " Castro responded at one point , looking at the judge for a time before closing his eyes again . Authorities said Castro abducted Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus separately in a two-year period starting in 2002 . Source : Michelle Knight was Cleveland suspect 's main ` punching bag ' The women , as well as Berry 's 6-year-old daughter , who authorities say was fathered by Castro , were freed in May after one of the women shouted for help while Castro was away from his 1,400-square-foot home . The judge on Wednesday ordered that bail remain at $ 8 million and that a previous order prohibiting Castro from contacting his alleged victims remain in place . Castro , a former school bus driver , is awaiting trial at a Cleveland jail . ` Please do n't let me go , ' Cleveland kidnap victim told officers The new indictment encompasses all the years of the women 's alleged captivity , whereas the previous indictment covered only the first four and a half years , the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office said . Among the charges are two counts of aggravated murder , in which Castro is accused of intentionally causing the termination of a pregnancy . Castro also faces 512 counts of kidnapping , 446 counts of rape , seven counts of gross sexual imposition , six counts of felonious assault , three counts of child endangerment and one count of possessing criminal tools . After Castro pleaded not guilty to the first 329 charges last month , one of his attorneys , Craig Weintraub , told reporters that although some of the charges "  can not be disputed , " the plea was an effort to seek a deal that would avoid a trial and take the prospect of the death penalty off the table . Prosecutors have not decided whether to seek the death penalty , Maria Russo , a spokeswoman for the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office , said Wednesday . She declined to comment on whether a plea deal might be in the works and said that the state will be ready for an August 5 trial date previously set by the judge . ` Thank you : ' Cleveland kidnapping victims speak out for the first time CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Ariel Castro is arraigned on a fresh 977-count indictment Prosecutors : The indictment covers the entire period of the alleged captivity Castro is accused of holding three women against their will for close to a decade The judge repeatedly tells Castro to keep his eyes open during the arraignment
CNN  -- The United States is an exceptional country . On this , almost all U.S. politicians agree . And millions of Americans , do too , according to recent polls . More than three centuries after John Winthrop first preached that the new Massachusetts Bay colony would be a "  city upon a hill , " Presidents John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan both reiterated his admonition that "  the eyes of all people are upon us . " For President Barack Obama , the United States is "  not just a place on a map , but the light to the world . " This broad agreement on American exceptionalism is often overlooked . This is especially so for conservatives , who now demand allegiance to the idea and chastise Obama , despite all evidence to the contrary , for not believing sufficiently in the exceptional nature of the country he leads . Exceptionalism is a flashpoint in American politics today not because the claim is contested , but because conservatives and liberals hold differing views of what makes the United States exceptional . These differences are at the core of our current fights over foreign policy . Conservatives believe the United States is exceptional because its people are inherently good . And we are . By and large , Americans are upstanding , moral individuals who instinctively support noble policies in our relations with other countries . Nonetheless , conservatives are much more likely than liberals to believe that American values and culture are superior to those of other nations . In a recent Pew Research Center poll , 63 % of conservatives believe our culture is superior to others , compared with just 45 % for moderates and 34 % for liberals . Although the decline in overall support for this view of cultural superiority from 60 % in 2002 to only 49 % today received the headline attention , the dispersion across political ideologies is perhaps even more important . For conservatives compared with liberals , American exceptionalism rests in large part on a belief in the country 's superior culture and values . This conservative version of "  America the exceptional " was on full display among the Republican candidates in the recent CNN debate on foreign policy . Conservatives expect other countries to recognize the inherent goodness of the American people and the foreign policies produced by our government , and to accept our international leadership because of our self-evident virtue . Indeed , many conservatives call for a foreign policy that is free of constraints by the United Nations or other multilateral institutions precisely because they believe accommodating the desires of other countries would limit our ability to act on our goodness . It is striking that the most avid proponents of an assertive unilateralism in which other countries are expected to trust us -- and our government -- simply because we are good are the same conservatives who so distrust government at home . In the words of Reagan , endorsed by all the current major Republican candidates , "  government is the problem , not the solution . " In relations with other countries , however , many conservatives argue that the goodness of the United States will be translated directly into action . Economic or social policy at home may be distorted and even captured by "  special interests , " but foreign policy remains pure and reflects the high morals of the American people . How government can be "  the problem " in domestic policy and untainted in its actions toward others is never addressed . Liberals see the United States as exceptional because of our principles of limited government , embedded in the Constitution . Accepting that inherently good Americans often have different ideas of what goodness means , liberals celebrate our system of checks and balances . Although few liberals believe in the cultural superiority of the American people , 73 % of Democrats in a 2010 USA Today/Gallup poll believe that its "  history and its Constitution " make the United States "  the greatest country in the world . " This is the view of American exceptionalism held by Obama . As he stated in a 2009 news conference in Strasbourg , France , "  I think we have a core set of values that are enshrined in our Constitution , in our body of law , in our democratic practices , in our belief in free speech and equality , that , though imperfect , are exceptional . " Contemporary liberals support a larger , more activist role for government at home and abroad because they trust that the competing branches of government will limit the influence of what James Madison called "  factions . " Expecting the government to usually "  do the right thing " because of its institutional constraints , liberals are more comfortable giving it a larger role in our lives . Liberals extend the principles of limited government to the international arena . Believing that a leader needs followers , and that followers will only follow if the leader can be trusted , liberals embrace multilateralism . It is only by creating opportunities for other countries to voice their preferences and to shape American policy through joint decision-making that other countries will accept the unique leadership status of the United States , they believe . In this view , the United States can and should welcome limits on its freedom of action abroad -- just as it does at home . According to the Pew Research Center poll , 57 % of liberals believe the United States should get United Nations approval before using military force , while only 38 % of conservatives say this is an important step . These competing views of exceptionalism mean that too often Americans talk past one another . Although most of us agree that the United States is exceptional , we do so for very different reasons . Exceptionalism has become a conservative trope , a rhetorical tool with which to challenge the nationalism of liberals . Focusing more on values , a strong majority of Republicans in the Gallup poll report that they do not believe Obama thinks the United States is exceptional , whereas an overwhelming majority of Democrats believe he does . Rather than painting liberals as unpatriotic , conservatives should hold up a mirror to their own view and reflect on the contradiction . How they can believe that the will of the people is always distorted at home but flawlessly translated into policy abroad is , well , exceptional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David A. Lake .	Belief that America is an exceptional country is widely shared in the U.S. David Lake says it 's become a flashpoint , as conservatives dispute Obama 's belief in it He says liberals believe U.S. is exceptional because of its constitutional safeguards Lake : Conservatives are more likely to believe U.S. is culturally superior to rest of world
A Ukrainian journalist working as a freelancer for CNN remains in detention two days after he was detained by pro-Russian separatists . Armed men from the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic seized Anton Skiba outside a hotel in the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk after he had worked for one day with a CNN television crew . Since his detention , CNN has attempted through a number of different separatist officials , including the office of the separatist Prime Minister Alexander Borodai , to secure Skiba 's freedom . CNN chose not to report his detention at the time while making efforts to obtain his release . That has not happened to date , so CNN is now publicly asking those who are holding Skiba to release him immediately . Armed fighters led by a senior official from the rebel region were waiting outside the Donbass Palace Hotel when CNN 's crew returned from a day 's work at the MH17 crash site on Tuesday evening . The official , who later introduced himself as Alexandr Kalyussky , the deputy prime minister in charge of industry in the Donetsk People 's Republic , initially accused Skiba of "  terrorism " and of posting cash rewards for the killing of separatist fighters on his Facebook page . Kalyussky showed a folder of printed documents that he claimed was evidence , including an apparent printout of Skiba 's Facebook page . Gunmen escorted Skiba to a waiting car . The young man did not resist as he was led away . Kalyussky seized a cell phone from CNN cameraman Jeff Kehl , who tried to film the detention . Later , Kalyussky apologized and returned the cell phone to Kehl on condition that Kehl delete the video . In subsequent conversations with CNN , Kalyussky dropped the accusation that Skiba was offering cash rewards for assassinations . Late Tuesday night , Kalyussky said Skiba was being questioned for having multiple forms of identification with different surnames . On Wednesday , another high-ranking separatist official told CNN that Skiba admitted to being a "  Ukrainian agent . " The U.S. ambassador to Ukraine said he was "  very alarmed " by the incident . Geoffrey Pyatt , the envoy , laid the blame at Moscow 's door . He told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour the Kremlin was trying "  to use information and fear as part of its strategy to sow chaos in Ukraine . That 's a strategy that leads to a dead end for Russia . " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf strongly condemned what she called Skiba 's "  kidnapping " by Russian-backed separatists . "  We demand his immediate release along with the other hostage I believe they hold , " she said . Several international human rights and press freedom organizations have called for Skiba 's immediate release . "  I strongly condemn this incident . Journalists must not become targets just for fulfilling their professional duties , " said Dunja Mijatovic , the representative for media freedom at the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . The Committee to Protect Journalists , Reporters Without Borders , and the United Nations Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine have also expressed concern about Skiba and urged his release . "  The climate for press freedom in the volatile eastern Ukraine has deteriorated further , " the CPJ warned . The group reported that separatists have detained up to 10 foreign correspondents in the last week who came to the region to report on the plane crash . On Tuesday , a British reporter working for the television network Russia Today and a cameraman for the Abkhazian Network News Agency went missing while reporting on clashes on the outskirts of Donetsk , the CPJ said . RT freelancer Graham Phillips and an ANNA cameraman identified only as Vadim have been missing since Tuesday , the CPJ said . They were last seen near Donetsk airport . On Wednesday , Skiba made a short phone call to CNN . He said he was being questioned at the headquarters of the Donetsk security services and added that he would "  not be available " before the call was abruptly cut off . It was unclear whether the call was made under duress . On Thursday , separatist officials did not respond to additional requests from CNN about Skiba 's welfare . On July 11 , Kalyussky -- the separatist official who detained Skiba -- was added to the growing list of DPR officials to face sanctions from the European Union . Anton Skiba had previously also worked as a fixer for the BBC for two days in the wake of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash . A journalist at the weekly Moscow-based newsmagazine Russian Reporter told CNN that Skiba also worked for several months in 2013 as a photographer for the publication . He was working as a fixer for CNN -- a freelance position that combines journalism , translating and providing local knowledge .	State Department spokeswoman condemned what she called a "  kidnapping " Anton Skiba was seized Tuesday in Donetsk Skiba was taken to a waiting car by gunmen after working at the MH17 crash site CNN chose not to report it while working for his release
EW.com  -- In the posters for "  Divergent , " Shailene Woodley has been given the stylized bod of a comic-book sci-action vamp , and her features are as coolly chiseled as her physique . But in the movie version of Veronica Roth 's 2011 novel , Woodley , I 'm glad to say , is a lot more recognizably human , and that goes for her acting too . Her character , Tris , spends most of the film learning to leap and toss knives and risk death like a badass , and when she puts those skills to the test battling her society 's corrupt leaders , there 's no doubt that she 's a superior , market-tested YA role model , like Katniss in "  The Hunger Games . " But she is also , as Woodley plays her , an intensely vulnerable and relatable character . Tris , a.k.a. Beatrice , has been raised as a member of Abnegation , one of five factions in a walled dystopia that was formerly Chicago and still looks , strikingly , like a semiruined concrete-playground version of that city . The members of Abnegnation dress in plain gray frocks , like the Amish , and they 're all about puritan self-sacrifice . The other four factions are Erudite  defined by their transcendent knowledge  , Candor  who are compulsively honest  , Amity  the naturally peaceful  , and Dauntless  the fearless tattooed warrior jocks in black â $ " in other words , the sect that anyone cool would want to be part of  . Beatrice and her peers have the right to choose a - faction for themselves  it 's like picking a college â $ " you can go to Yale even if your folks did n't  . But when she takes the test to learn which faction she 's best suited for , it turns out that she 's in the rare forbidden - category known as Divergent , which means she has the qualities of three factions at once : Abnegnation , - Erudite , and Dauntless . It may sound silly to say she 's an outlaw because she 's self-sacrificial , brilliant , and strong all at the same time , but what 's really forbidden is - independent thought . Woodley , through the delicate power of her acting , does something compelling : She shows you what a prickly , fearful , yet daring personality looks like when it 's nestled deep within the kind of modest , bookish girl who should n't even like gym class . Tris chooses to become part of Dauntless not because she has any special athletic skill but because it 's her nature to go for broke . The first half of "  Divergent " is a lean , exciting basic-training thriller , with Tris willing herself to do things like jump aboard speeding trains and fight with her bare knuckles . Woodley , at every turn , lets us feel as if we 're in her shoes , not so much Dauntless as thrillingly daunted . The second half of the movie goes on a bit , with too many rote combat scenes . Yet the director , Neil Burger  the fanciful craftsman who made "  Limitless " and "  The Illusionist "  , keeps you invested , staging a rise-of-the-savior-heroine plot so that it seems less ritualistic than it does in the Hunger Games films . It helps that the drill sergeant , named Four , is played by Theo James , who 's like an unflaky James Franco with a surly hint of T-shirt-era Brando ; he brings off the neat trick of playing a hardass who is also a heartthrob . And it 's nice to watch Kate Winslet go full ice-blood fascist as the Erudite leader who makes a scarily smart case for a society rooted in the fine art of - control . In many ways , she sounds similar to a movie executive , so I 'm glad to see the launch of a dystopian franchise in which individuality , as embodied by Shailene Woodley , looks like it could mean something beyond hiply propping up the status quo . Grade : B + See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is based on a 2011 YA novel by Veronica Roth Shailene Woodley plays her character as "  intensely vulnerable " EW give it a grade of B +
CNN  I am atheist -- and I am black . Yes , we exist -- even if many in the media sometimes do n't notice us . In a CNN special that aired on Tuesday , for example , people of color were not as well-represented as American atheism 's more familiar face : You know , white males . In fact , African-American atheists represent a still small -- though growing -- segment of American atheists at large . Does this mean that blacks and other minorities generally just do n't gravitate towards nonbelief , or are there other factors which keep us hidden ? There is a harsh truth to face here . Most blacks identify as religious . Belief in God is touted with pride , and the church is intricately tied to tradition , history and culture . It is not uncommon to assume that I attend services as a black woman . The question often is n't if I go to church -- it 's where . And even if one does n't go to church , surely they still have faith -- because our people have endured and overcome so much hardship that it had to be the work of a god . All of this makes the words "  black " and "  atheist " hard for many to imagine in the same sentence . It can be extremely difficult to discuss religion objectively in the black community . Many have social , emotional and financial stakes invested in this institution , so for one to even say they have doubts is like committing treason . To openly identify as an atheist in the midst of heavy religious influence can be next to impossible , and good luck finding other blacks who also do n't believe . It is very important to note however , that the Internet has made it easier for black atheists to find each other , and there is a large community of us online . Though I was raised secular -- a rarity in my community -- I 've had to endure ostracism from family and friends as a result of openly identifying as an atheist . However , my journey is far from tragic . In founding my organization , Black Nonbelievers , in 2011 , I have been fortunate to connect with others who were either raised secular like myself , or who were brought up extremely religious and left it behind . And they have done so bravely , defying the perception and expectation that all blacks blindly accept religion . The Friendly Atheists Next Door My experience in the secular community as a black atheist has ranged from feeling totally welcome to feeling totally isolated , and even ignored . On the one hand , there is common ground shared -- our nonbelief and even discontent with religion unites us . On the other hand , there is a notion that since we share this common ground that there are no other issues to address . The lack of people of color at secular events is a problem -- partly because there is unawareness of such events existing , but also because there is limited effort placed in accommodation and care . We are sometimes treated as if we are invisible , or even as an afterthought -- which does not make the few persons of color feel welcome . Fortunately , all is not lost . Progress has been made . There are now a number of secular groups that have helped to bring about more diverse representation for people of color , women and children . There is a more concentrated focus on support for the LGBT demographic , as well for others who come from marginalized and disfranchised backgrounds . There are support systems for people who have lost loved ones , yet they have no religious affiliation . Moreover , there is a tremendous amount of literary and artistic talent . Such representation is now reflected at organized events , in leadership , as well as in media coverage . While the number of visible minority atheists is still small , we are here and we 're here to stay . We will continue to grow , in both the black and secular communities . We can lead the charge for this change . The more we make our presence known , the better our chances of working together to turn around the disparities we face , and bolster the recognition we so rightly deserve . We are not alone .	African-American atheists represent a small but growing segment of American atheists at large Most blacks , though , identify as religious , and the church is intricately tied to tradition , history and culture
TIME.com  -- HPV-caused throat cancer made headlines this summer when the Guardian reported that actor Michael Douglas contracted throat cancer not through tobacco and alcohol , but from human papillomavirus . Douglas later said the statement was a misunderstanding , but doctors say HPV could actually contribute to malignant growths in the throat , most likely via oral sex . In fact , the Centers for Disease Control reports that about 60 % of oropharyngeal cancers â $ " cancers of the throat , tonsils and the base of tongue â $ " are related to HPV . Now , a study published in the journal Cancer Prevention Research reports that poor oral health , which includes dental problems and gum disease , is an independent risk factor for oral HPV infection , and by extension , could also contribute to oral cancers . The research team from the University of Texas Health Sciences Center in Houston studied more 3,400 participants between the ages 30 to 69 who were part of the 2009-2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . The volunteers provided data on their oral health as well as on their HPV-infection status . TIME.com : Yes , you can get throat cancer from oral sex Those who reported poor oral health had a 56 % higher rate of HPV infection than those whose mouths were healthy , and people who had gum disease and dental problems had a 51 % higher risk of being infected with HPV than those who did n't have these issues . The connection between the virus , which is most often associated with sexually transmitted diseases , and oral cancers only emerged about five years ago , Dr. Maura Gillison , a professor at Ohio State University who studies HPV infections in the head , throat and neck , told TIME in June . Every year in the United States , more than 2,370 new cases of HPV-related oropharyngeal cancers are diagnosed in women and about 9,356 are diagnosed in men . White men have the highest rates of HPV-related throat cancer , fueling a recent rise in HPV-related oral cancers overall while tumors associated with tobacco have been declining . "  In the U.S. , there is an active shift going on , " Gillison told TIME . "  Fortunately thanks to tobacco policy and public-health awareness , the incidence rate for the classical head and neck cancer caused by smoking is declining . But unfortunately , the rate of oropharynx cancer is still going up and it 's because of the HPV component . " Some of that rise can be attributed to barriers that public health campaigns faced in addressing a sexually transmitted virus . When two vaccines that protect against the most common forms of HPV became available after 2006 , for example , political and social resistance to vaccinating young girls as part of the childhood vaccination schedule led to slow uptake of the inoculation . Parents and politicians worried that the shot would promote promiscuity among pre-adolescents , and were also concerned about reports that the immunizations caused serious side effects such as fainting . There were even claims that they also contributed to mental disorders . Both proved unfounded , as studies verified the safety of the vaccines and the lack of heightened sexual activity among vaccinated girls . If left untreated , HPV can cause cancers in the cervix , anus , penis , vulva , vagina , as well as in the head and neck . Some forms of the virus also contribute to genital warts , but the latest studies suggest that the HPV vaccines can lower infection rates and therefore may be important weapons in fighting not just cervical cancer but oral cancers as well . That 's important since there is currently no scientifically proven way of testing for oral HPV , which makes monitoring for these virus-related cancers in the mouth more challenging and preventing them more critical . TIME.com : New cancer screening guidelines include HPV tests Even without a shot , however , the researchers say their results hint that it may be relatively easy to control HPV in the oropharynx â $ " by brushing regularly and keeping the mouth environment clean . "  The good news is , the risk factor is modifiable -- by maintaining good oral hygiene and good oral health , one can prevent HPV infection and subsequent HPV-related cancers , " said study author Thanh Cong Bui , a postdoctoral research fellow at the University of Texas Health Sciences Center in a statement . And there are other benefits to brushing as well . Good oral health may also prevent other conditions such as the gum disease gingivitis , which has been linked to heart disease . A healthy mouth , it seems can also be a sign of a healthy body . This story was originally published on TIME.com	CDC : About 60 % of oropharyngeal cancers are related to human papillomavirus Poor oral health is an independent risk factor for oral HPV infection , study finds White men have the highest rates of HPV-related throat cancer
Steve Garban resigned Thursday from the Penn State Board of Trustees , becoming the first board member to step down following the release of a scathing report that found it was part of the failure that allowed a longtime sexual predator to prey on boys at the school . Garban 's resignation follows last week 's release of an internal review conducted by former FBI director Louis Freeh that found Penn State 's most powerful leader showed "  total and consistent disregard " for child sex abuse victims and covered up attacks by former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky . "  After absorbing the findings of the Freeh Report last week , the Board of Trustees accepted responsibility for the failures of governance that took place on our watch . Following the release of the report , you also asked each member of the Board to evaluate our individual paths forward , " Garban wrote in his resignation letter to board chairwoman Karen Peetz . "  It is clear to me that my presence on the Board has become a distraction and an impediment to your efforts to move forward and continue the Board 's most important work . " Garban served as chairman of the Board of Trustees when the scandal broke and stepped down following Sandusky 's arrest . In a letter posted on the university 's website , Peetz said she accepted the resignation . Garban worked at the university for 33 years . He was re-elected to his fifth term on the board in 2010 , according to a biography posted online . Freeh 's report cast a wide net of blame , from the late famed football coach Joe Paterno to the university trustees , in the scandal . Garban 's resignation is the latest fallout for the university , which is still under scrutiny by the Department of Education and the National Collegiate Athletic Association  NCAA  , inquiries that could further tarnish its reputation and that of its storied football program . Two former university administrators are awaiting trial for their role in the scandal , and more charges are possible as the state 's Attorney General 's Office investigates what Penn State may have known about Sandusky 's behavior . Sandusky , 68 , was convicted in late June of 45 of the 48 sexual abuse counts he faced , involving 10 victims . He will be sentenced in September . Sandusky 's legal team has said it will appeal the convictions .	Steve Garban was serving as chairman of the Board of Trustees when the scandal broke He stepped down as chairman following the arrest of Jerry Sandusky in November 2011 He resigned as a trustee on Thursday
CNN  -- Forget the butterfly effect . In a globalized century , it 's a totally different effect you have to be worried about . Steven Soderbergh 's new movie , "  Contagion , " is a star-powered thriller that hops from Chicago to Hong Kong , London , Minneapolis , Geneva and beyond . Each port of call brings another familiar face : Gwyneth Paltrow looking green and jet-lagged , Matt Damon as her tired and bewildered husband , Laurence Fishburne coordinating the response for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Kate Winslet  wonderful  , who is first in the field as the American fatalities begin to mount . Jude Law is an Aussie blogger who smells the story before anyone in the mainstream media . Marion Cotillard is a World Health Organization scientist collecting data from the initial carrier in China . The English actress Jennifer Ehle is a revelation as another research scientist striving to find a cure . If this all sounds like an old-fashioned disaster movie , that 's not quite it . Soderbergh is a great systems director . He 's fascinated with process , with mapping stuff out . Think of the networks of crime and punishment in "  Traffic , " or the labyrinthine ingenuity of the "  Ocean 's " capers . So , yes , this is a disaster movie on a massive scale , with a death toll exceeding 8 million before it 's even halfway done , but the emotional temperature remains cool and analytical . There 's certainly a shock factor when we see one famous star dissected on the autopsy table , but there 's not an awful lot of emotion here . In many ways this restraint is admirable . Soderbergh and screenwriter Scott Burns  "  The Informant ! "  do their best to resist the urge to furnish each star turn with a potted melodrama . What the news guys used to call "  human interest " flows from the inexorable progress of the epidemic and the imperfect and largely ineffectual systems the humans put in place to control it , not from whatever soap operas these folks have playing out in the private lives . Though of course their professional actions are never entirely impersonal . Heroes and villains do emerge . The former oftentimes buck the system and defy authority to protect their loved ones and assert their autonomy as best they can . Interestingly enough , it 's the same with the villains . In the face of a catastrophic social breakdown , morality itself slides into a gray zone where the old rules no longer make sense . At the same time , the movie asks tricky questions about privilege and power that resonate well beyond the obvious echoes of swine flu and SARS . Soderbergh , who photographs his own movies under the pseudonym "  Peter Andrews , " is a superb technician . For long stretches , "  Contagion " is a model of lucidity and clean , crisp storytelling . I could n't help thinking it 's too clean , too antiseptic even , to do full justice to such a grim worst-case scenario . We 're only a whisper away from a George Romero zombie movie , after all , but in his rough and ready way , Romero would surely have given us something much bloodier , funnier and scarier , something that would hit us in the gut as hard as the brain . "  Contagion " is impressive on many levels and honestly depressing , too , but it never quite matches Romero 's trick -- it never brings the dead to life .	The film ` Contagion ' is chock-full of big-name actors Director Steven Soderbergh presents a disaster movie of epic proportion Reviewer says the movie is "  a model of lucidity and clean , crisp storytelling "
China , Japan and the United States are continuing their tense standoff in Beijing 's disputed new air defense zone Friday -- a treacherous situation that both sides warn could lead to violence , intended or not . To this point , a senior official in U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration said Friday that commercial airlines are being told to abide by Beijing 's call to notify it of plans to traverse the newly declared zone over the East China Sea , even if the U.S. government does n't recognize it . "  We ... are advising for safety reasons that they comply with notices to airmen , which FAA always advises , " the official said . This advice reflects fears that the back-and-forth between the two sides could have unintended consequences involving not just opposing troops , but innocent civilians as well . It 's a subtle change from two days earlier , when the State Department said "  the U.S. government generally expects that U.S. carriers operating internationally " comply with other countries ' mandates , rather than directing them to . Whatever U.S. carriers do , two major Japanese airlines have refused to comply with China 's declaration . Last Saturday , China unilaterally announced the creation of a "  Air Defense Identification Zone " over several islands it and Japan have both claimed . The two countries have been sharply at odds over those isles , which are believed to be near large reserves of natural resources . Tokyo rejected the new zone , as well as Beijing 's insistence that aircraft entering it identify themselves and file flight plans . They were joined by South Korea and Washington , with Secretary of State John Kerry saying the move would "  only increase tensions in the region and create risks of an incident . " Since then , there 's been no backing down . On Friday morning , for instance , China scrambled fighter jets after U.S. and Japanese military aircraft entered its disputed air defense zone , according to a Chinese military official . Col. Shen Jinke , a Chinese air force spokesman , said in Beijing that the two U.S. and 10 Japanese aircraft were monitoring targets in the zone . He said the Chinese air force and navy were identifying and monitoring all foreign warplanes in the zone . A U.S. military official told CNN that at least one U.S. unarmed military aircraft and several Japanese military aircraft flew through the zone Friday without incident . The official said the U.S. flight was part of scheduled routine operations . "  This is status quo , " the official said . "  We are not changing what we are doing . We are not trying to make a point with China . We fly U.S. aircraft daily in international airspace in the region . This is normal . " OPINION : Beijing 's foreign policy balancing act in the East China Sea The official said the aircraft were not B-52s , though the United States did fly two of those type of planes through the zone Monday as part of what the Pentagon described as a preplanned military exercise . South Korea said its military sent a plane on a routine patrol flight into the zone on Tuesday without alerting China . A South Korean Defense Ministry official said such flights are carried out twice a week and would continue despite China 's declaration . U.S. officials said they did not know how China would be able to monitor the flight zone , given its lack of midair refueling capability and limitations of its early warning radar aircraft . "  It is indeed the right of every country to defend its airspace , and also to make sure that its territorial integrity , its sovereignty , are safeguarded , " Liu Jieyi , China 's ambassador to the United Nations , told reporters Tuesday . "  This is a normal arrangement . " Read more : Why China 's new air defense zone has incensed neighbors On Wednesday , U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy offered a different view : "  Unilateral actions like those taken by China , with their announcement of an East China Sea air defense identification zone , undermine security and constitute an attempt to change the status quo in the East China Sea , " she told reporters in Tokyo . "  This only serves to increase tensions in the region . " Japan and China have a lot at stake in maintaining their delicate relationship : Last year , trade between the two countries totaled more than $ 333 billion , according to the Japan External Trade Organization .	U.S. official : The U.S. is "  advising " air carriers to "  comply " with China 's request It 's "  for safety , " even if the U.S. does n't recognize China 's new air defense zone China says two U.S. military planes , 10 Japanese military planes entered disputed zone The zone is part of a rapidly escalating dispute over East China Sea territory
CNN  -- "  Who is the nicest person you 've met in showbiz ? " It 's a question I 'm often asked after nearly 20 years working at CNN . My encounter with Joe Cocker was relatively brief , but it left a lasting impression of a man who not only contributed a great deal to music , but also conducted himself with a rare professionalism and courtesy . The date was September 11 , 1998 , when Joe played Chastain Park Amphitheater in Atlanta -- an open-air venue which accommodates more than 5,000 people , but manages to maintain an intimate atmosphere , festooned with candlelit tables closer to the stage . It was a humid evening bedeviled by mosquitoes as I stood at the side of that stage with my cameraman awaiting the arrival of the rock legend -- a term with which Joe Cocker always felt uncomfortable . The plan was for a quick chat for CNN 's global music show World Beat before his performance , but Joe was running late and the prospect of the interview was quickly disappearing . A publicist emerged from a side door to warn us that the window for the interview was about to close . He was unusually apologetic and appeared to be sincere . The singer 's big band had already taken to the stage as we stood and watched the flurry of activity as roadies , sound techs and the other members of the touring family attended to last-minute duties . Then a single figure emerged from another doorway and walked briskly through the production area towards us . Dressed in what appeared to me to be a light-colored linen suit , he strode forward , shook our hands and said : "  Alright lads , I 'm Joe . I 'm really sorry to keep you waiting but if it 's not too late for you , we can have a chat now . " He answered all the standard questions about his role in rock music , his iconic flailing appearance at Woodstock , the changing face of the business , his latest music , as a handful of increasingly fidgety minders checked their watches and glanced repeatedly over their shoulders . He appeared to consider his answers carefully and chuckled amiably , exhibiting none of the stress of the anxious assistants behind him . During our last question the band struck up what turned out to be the opening number with a great swell of brass joining the familiar rock sound . The audience cheered but Joe Cocker did n't bat an eyelid and continued with his answer . At its conclusion he smiled and said in the English Yorkshire accent which never left him : "  Well lads , it 's been great to meet you and I 've enjoyed chatting but I 'd better be off now -- they 're playing my tune . " And with a parting handshake he walked , unhurried , onto the stage and without breaking step , approached the microphone and began to sing , his distinctive voice booming out into the Georgia evening . A man confident in his craft , unassuming in his demeanor and impeccable in his manners . It should n't be remarkable and I wo n't claim to have got to know the man from such a snapshot moment but it left a very warm first impression of a man whose music has made an impression on millions around the world . Read more : People we lost : Benjamin Bradlee and Lorin Maazel , by Christiane Amanpour Read more : People we lost : Phil Everly , by Jonathan Hawkins Read more : People we lost : Joe Cocker , by Neil Curry Read more : People we lost : Football legend Eusebio , by Duarte Mendonca Read more : People we lost : Christophe de Margerie , by John Defterios Read more : Loved ones we lost in 2014	British-born singer Joe Cocker died aged 70 after a battle with lung cancer Cocker had hits with "  You are So Beautiful " and "  Up Where We Belong " Cocker conducted himself with rare professionalism and courtesy , Curry says "  A man confident in his craft , unassuming in demeanor and impeccable in manners "
CNN  -- As record oil prices dominate the headlines , natural gas is an energy sector gaining more recognition . MME 's John Defterios  JD  talks with the CEO of Dolphin Energy , Ahmed Ali Al Sayegh  AS  about the importance of the natural gas sector , the impact of high oil prices , and increasing global energy demand . CEO of Dolphin Energy : "  it takes four to five years to bring any extra capacity on stream . " Al Sayegh is head of the largest single energy initiative in the Middle East , linking the three Gulf states of Qatar , U.A.E. and Oman , and producing two billion cubic feet of gas a day , equivalent to 350,000 barrels of oil . John Defterios begins by asking him why his company spent seven years building a giant natural gas plant an pipeline in a region swimming with oil . AS  : It was clear from the beginning , we needed to import gas and the Qataris wanted to export gas . So there was economic alignment . We respected that and they respected our needs , but political will , I believe , these three countries are very close politically and they needed to exercise this closeness and this project provided a fantastic opportunity for us to come together . JD  : It 's fascinating . I do n't think people realize the scope of this field . The Qatari side of the North Field is 14 per cent of the world 's supply of natural gas . This has a long , long shelf life in terms of production , does it not ? AS  : It has a very long life . Our transaction is for 25 years but it can go much longer than that . We hope we will be able to produce more from this field to fill our pipeline to its maximum capacity . JD  : There is a lot of political pressure now , or calls from Washington and the European Union for OPEC to provide more oil , more energy to the global market . But what is the reality ? Is there is a capacity problem or is there not ? What is from your view the reality today ? AS  : The reserves in the Middle East are there and the commitment from the governments in the Middle East to produce those reserves , existing production and extract production is there . The reality is , it takes four to five years to bring any extra capacity on stream .  JD  : But did everybody miscalculate the demand realistically from China and India on top of the demand from the existing OECD-countries ? AS  : I think it was , nobody knew there is going to be this much growth , and yes , it was miscalculated . But now , I think , everyone is investing to bring extra capacity on stream . We are doing this in the U.A.E. , in Saudi Arabia , in Kuwait , in Iraq and I think the key issue is to keep producing in a sustainable manner without damaging our environment . JD  : Are you surprised personally about and realistically about this oil price of $ 120 per barrel that we see today ? AS  : I would be much richer if I would not be surprised by this level . I think the demand is real , the region itself is growing and of course you have to add what is happening in China and India . I think , people and economies have adjusted to a $ 100 oil very well and we are happy to continue to provide the capacity and the investment to meet our export requirements . Beyond that anything what I say would be speculation . JD  : I see the tone in the Middle East is much more pragmatic . So there is not a rush to get all this capacity built to get oil to market . Is this a change of attitude that needs to be preserved for future generations now ? AS  : Well , as I have mentioned to you , it must be sustainable . Hydrocarbons are a wealth of all these nations and they must produce them in a sustainable way . We are not reservoirs of oil . We are countries , people and with aspirations and futures . In that respect , I think , we are doing everything we can to bring this capacity on stream on time . And there is no reluctance to do this . The only real limiting factor , and you have been in this region , is the ability to build it , the ability to actually physically build it .	Ahmed Ali Al Sayegh is head of the largest natural gas initiative in the Middle East It produces two billion cubic feet of gas a day , equivalent to 350,000 barrels of oil Qatar has 14 percent of the world 's natural gas supplies Al Sayegh : "  the only limiting factor in this region is the ability to build it "
CNN  A powerful 6.7 earthquake struck off the coast of Japan , the U.S. Geological Survey said on Monday . The quake 's epicenter was 83 kilometers  52 miles  east-northeast of Miyako , Japan , USGS said . It was 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  deep and occurred at 6:06 a.m. Tuesday in Japan  6:06 p.m. ET Monday  . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there was no tsunami threat from the quake . The Japan Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory shortly after the quake , warning of strong currents , but later canceled the advisory . The Tokyo Electric Power Company , whose Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered meltdowns at three reactors after an earthquake and tsunami struck Japan in 2011 , said no abnormalities had been reported at its nuclear plants after Tuesday 's quake . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Nimet Kirac and Bex Wright contributed to this report .	Japan Meteorological Agency cancels a tsunami advisory A 6.7 earthquake struck off Japan 's coast
I think of myself as an "  impatient optimist . " There are times , however , when it 's harder to muster the optimism , and the impatience takes over . That 's how I felt when I read about the hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by the extremist group Boko Haram to be married off or sold into slavery . It 's difficult to pinpoint the worst aspect of this atrocity . And it 's pitiful that this is nothing new . Treating women as spoils or weapons of war has been a common practice for thousands of years . Boko Haram has sought to justify its actions as consistent with Islamic teachings , and this is an insult . Many influential voices in the Muslim world have rebuked the group 's actions .  To cite just one example , Sheik Ahmed el-Tayeb of the Cairo-based Al-Azhar , one of Sunni Islam 's most prestigious theological institutions , said the kidnappings "  completely contradict Islam and its principles of tolerance . " It 's frustrating that the Nigerian government , despite an intensifying effort to find the girls , has been unable to locate them . And it 's horrifying that hundreds of girls , their parents and thousands of their relatives are living each passing moment in escalating fear -- with no idea whether they 'll ever see each other again . My heart breaks for these mothers and fathers . But perhaps the most awful part of the story is that Boko Haram stands against a better future for ordinary Nigerians . Boko Haram is committed to the idea that women are the property of husbands and mere instruments of reproduction . They are particularly opposed to the idea that girls ought to be educated , which is why they target schools . In fact , when girls are educated and free to pursue their passions , they contribute more to a thriving society . When women have a voice , they raise it to demand a life that is greater than what they 've been told they have a right to expect . And these demands change the future for everyone . Nigeria has a population of 170 million . Its economy is the largest on the African continent . The future holds nearly boundless promise , as represented , in part , by the fact that the World Economic Forum is meeting in Abuja right now . But if the country 's 85 million women and girls do n't have the opportunity to seize their potential , then neither will Nigeria . There are countless examples of places around the world where women and girls are gaining power and autonomy , where the future looks brighter because women and girls are slowly wiping away the old gender norms . The impressive outpouring of support for the girls -- both within Nigerian communities and around the world -- is an encouraging sign that most people want the version of the future that empowered women and girls will create , not the version that Boko Haram is trying to impose . It does n't help the Nigerian schoolgirls now , but thinking about the women and girls everywhere who are strong and getting stronger is one way to maintain some of the optimism that must go along with our collective impatience . Let 's #BringBackOurGirls	Melinda Gates : Kidnapped girls in Nigeria reflect long use of women misused in conflicts She says Boko Haram justifies actions as Islamic ; this insult denounced by Muslim leaders She says group thinks women are merely property ; these ideas affect Nigeria 's prosperity Gates : Outcry over girls shows many know empowered women are key to a nation 's fortunes
President Barack Obama will speak to the nation Tuesday , trying to build public support for a military strike against Syria . His request to Congress to endorse action reaches the House and Senate at an extraordinarily difficult moment . Vote counts suggest that the president might not win the support he is seeking . Democrats and Republicans are uncertain about backing the president . The public remains skeptical as well . According to one NBC poll , only 42 % of the public endorsed using military force against Syria . After Afghanistan and Iraq , the nation is weary of war . The bar has been raised for further intervention . Although presidential speeches rarely are able to fundamentally reshape public opinion , Obama must give his strongest effort if he does not want to end up in an embarrassing situation for his administration and one that could undercut the military effort that he is proposing . If Obama is going to deliver a speech that matters , he must answer some basic questions about the Syrian intervention : Why are we entering this conflict ? For many Americans , the arguments behind American intervention in Syria remain murky . This is not just about Syria being a confusing and complex situation , but also has to do with a general uncertainty about the objectives of American foreign policy in 2013 . In each era of foreign policy , policymakers have put forth strong ideological arguments that framed public policy about war and peace . Each period had substantial numbers of dissenters , but at least there was something concrete to argue about . During the 1930s and early 1940s , the fight against fascism was the driving force behind decisions about intervention . "  Yesterday , December 7 , 1941 -- a date which will live in infamy -- the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan , " President Franklin D. Roosevelt explained the next day , when asking Congress for a declaration of war . From the mid-1940s through the late 1980s , the fight against communism was the focal point of policy . Since that time , the objectives of American foreign policy have been less clear . When President Truman asked for congressional support to use military power in Korea in July 1950 , he said that the conflict in Korea "  has made it clear , beyond all doubt , that the international Communist movement is willing to use armed invasion , to conquer independent nations . " In the early 1990s , policymakers turned their attention to rogue states such as Iraq that were said to pose dangers to the stability of key regions . After 9/11 , attention turned to international terrorist networks like al Qaeda . On September 20 , 2001 , President Bush told the nation , "  The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends . It is not our many Arab friends . Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists and every government that supports them . " The larger framework surrounding the Syrian intervention is less clear . The administration has offered a number of arguments as to why the United States needs to intervene , from the message it would send to Iran about nuclear weapons , to the urgency of responding to gross violations of human rights . The president must offer a compelling reason why a situation such as this deserves national resources . If humanitarian interventions are to become a new norm , the president should make the case and offer a set of coherent principles for future conflicts . What is the justification for this intervention and is it based on sound intelligence ? One of the main sources of public cynicism about American foreign policy comes from the fact that presidents have often used incorrect information or purposely flawed data to justify military operations that result in huge human and financial costs . American history is filled with such examples . The Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in 1964 , which provided President Lyndon Johnson the blanket authority he needed to expand America 's presence in Vietnam and the region , was based on spurious data about alleged attacks on U.S. Navy destroyers by the North Vietnamese . Congress gave Johnson wide-ranging authority to conduct military operations . It was "  like grandma 's nightshirt , it covered everything , " he later said . President George W. Bush 's request to Congress for the authorization to use force in Iraq in 2003 was justified through incorrect intelligence about the presence of weapons of mass destruction and untrue reports of connections between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden . Obama , who ran his 2008 campaign based on criticism of all the problems with Bush 's war , needs to demonstrate to the public that he has made a decision based on the soundest of evidence . The revelations about the National Security Agency have already raised public skepticism about the discrepancy between what Obama says in public and what he does behind the scenes . Without revealing sensitive information to the public , it is important that the president make a convincing case that the intelligence behind this decision is sound , that it has been examined and cross-examined , that the Syrian government did use chemical weapons and that the Syrians do pose a substantial threat to the region . He needs to explain why chemical weapons pose a threat that deserves a military strike as opposed to other weapons or mechanisms of mass destruction . Why act here , but not with regard to other atrocities or risks ? The nation can not afford another war based on false premises . What is the mission ? Presidents have gone into many wars without a clear sense of what they hope to achieve . Once troops are sent into a war or even after the Air Force is sent in to strike targets , conflicts can take unpredictable turns and escalate quickly . If the administration does n't articulate a clear sense of what it hopes to accomplish at the outset , it allows for open-ended possibilities for escalation . When President George H.W. Bush went to war with Iraq in 1990 , the confusion over the objectives led to great frustration when Americans saw that Hussein remained in power after the celebrations of U.S. victory had taken place . Bush 's son 's war in Iraq proved even more frustrating , as there was growing awareness that the administration was entering into a much broader mission of nation-building than many Americans had anticipated . When the new government that emerged from the rubble in Iraq remained unstable and the U.S. seemed to be pouring endless resources into the country , many Americans were left with a sense that the operation had not been worthwhile . Obama ca n't afford to make the the mistake of leaving his objectives ill-defined . It is possible that quick and targeted airstrikes will destroy the chemical weapons capacity of the Syrians , though that would still leave in place a dictator whom the president has characterized as inhumane and brutal . It is also possible that airstrikes would result in retaliation that would trigger a bigger conflict , which would in turn create greater pressure for regime change . The president did the right thing by engaging Congress in this decision rather than trying to circumvent the legislative branch . But in this case , with the memories of Iraq looming large , he wo n't have luck just asking for blind support . In his speech , the president must answer these questions in simple and direct terms . This would do a great deal to build confidence in the operation , and to build a foundation for longer term support of this intervention should it be needed .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama must answer basic questions to sell Syria move to the public War-weary Americans want to know why U.S. should intervene , he says Zelizer : Obama needs to explain reliability of intelligence , outline the aims of the mission
London  CNN  -- Many kids manage to slip away from their parents in shopping centers during summer vacations , but an 11-year-old boy from Manchester , England , got farther away than most this week . He went to Manchester Airport , snuck past passport control and boarding pass checks , went though a metal detector and was on a plane halfway to Rome before anyone realized there was anything unusual going on , an airport spokesman said Wednesday . Read more : Are airport body scanners safe ? The boy was reported missing on Tuesday at 12:40 p.m. after his mother lost track of him at a shopping center in Wythenshawe , police said . His plane took off an hour and 20 minutes later from Manchester Airport , about two miles from the shopping center . "  He had run off from his mum , " said airport spokesman John Greenway . "  He got himself to the airport . It looks like he evaded some passport checks and some boarding pass checks and ended up in Rome , " Greenway said . FBI : Stowaway slops onto cross-country flight He was noticed while the flight was in the air and sent back home when the plane returned to England , Greenway said . "  Flight crew and the Italian authorities made sure he stayed on the plane . He left here yesterday at 2 p.m. and got home about 9 p.m. , " Greenway said . Airport staff members have been suspended and an investigation is under way , he said . The airport insists that the incident was not a security breach . "  The boy went through full security screening so the safety of passengers and the aircraft was never compromised , " the airport said in a statement . Greater Manchester Police said no crime had been committed . Report on stowaway finds Charlotte airport security lapses	The boy slips away from his mother at a shopping center and ends up on a plane He evades passport control and boarding pass checks He returns home when the plane comes back to England the same day The airport insists the incident was not a security breach
Tokyo  CNN  -- After eight days inspecting the Japanese company that makes the lithium ion batteries linked to problems that have led to the grounding of Boeing 787 Dreamliners around the world , aviation authorities have found no serious problems with the devices . Read more : What 's wrong with the Dreamliner ? U.S. and Japanese officials carried out a joint inspection at the facility in the city of Kyoto where GS Yuasa makes the batteries . While investigators found several issues in quality control at the company , they did n't uncover any serious problems that can be linked to recent incidents involving Dreamliners , Yasuo Ishii , director of air worthiness standards at the Japanese transport ministry , said Tuesday . Two recent incidents -- a fire aboard the Japan Airlines aircraft in Boston 's Logan International Airport on January 7 , and a smoke alarm aboard a plane flying over Japan on January 16 -- prompted the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  to ground all Dreamliners in the United States , and other nations quickly followed suit . Read more : Boeing keeps building Dreamliners it ca n't fly The investigation has now shifted from the battery maker to the manufacturer of the system that monitors the battery 's voltage and temperature , Ishii said . Officials from the FAA and the Japanese transport ministry on Monday began checking the quality control at Kanto Aircraft Instrument Co. , in Kanagawa prefecture , according to Ishii . They have n't found any serious problems so far , he said . Kanto Aircraft Instrument declined to comment on the matter . Questions remain The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  said last week it had determined that the lithium ion battery on the Boston aircraft experienced a "  thermal runaway " and a "  short circuit . " Read more : Federal watchdog opens probe of Boeing Dreamliner woes But safety investigators have not determined which event occurred first , or whether they were the cause or the effect of the incident . In a thermal runaway , a battery releases energy in the form of heat , increasing the temperature of the battery and causing further damage . In an electrical short , electricity follows an unintended path . Neither event should have occurred on the Dreamliner , Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the NTSB , said last week . "  There are multiple systems to protect against a battery event like this , " she said . "  Those systems did not work as intended , we need to understand why . " Experts : Quick fix for Dreamliner looks less likely The FAA allowed Boeing to use lithium ion batteries , instead of more traditional battery chemistries , under a series of "  special conditions " intended to address concerns about the batteries . Boeing has said its technical experts are working "  around the clock " and are focused on "  resolving the issue " and returning the 787 to service . Currently , there are 50 wide body Dreamliners in service globally , and several hundred on order . The 787 is highly touted because of its mostly lightweight carbon fiber construction , which airlines expect will help them save billions in fuel costs on long-haul routes . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Inspectors find no serious problems at GS Yuasa , the battery maker Attention shifts to the company that makes the monitoring system Officials are trying to find the cause of two incidents involving Dreamliners Authorities have ground the Boeing 787 planes worldwide for the time being
Washington  CNN  -- Using the most unlikely of clues -- a pretzel bag -- authorities in Denmark and the United States are zeroing in on a suspected child abuser , and they are asking for the public 's help in ending the exploitation of a small girl . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Tuesday released five photographs of a man carefully edited from four videos in which the man sexually assaults a young girl , believed to be 7 to 9 years old . Three of the videos , which contain a clear image of the man , are date-stamped April 14 , a fourth is dated April 27 , and all four appear to have been posted on the Internet several days later , on May 2 . Danish National Police discovered the videos soon thereafter and notified U.S. authorities on May 3 . Three factors led Danish investigators to believe the crime occurred in the U.S. : the background , some products visible in the video , and the man 's appearance . In the United States , investigators with Homeland Security Investigations , the law enforcement arm of ICE , saw a Frito-Lay Rold Gold bag for thin pretzels in the videos . By studying Frito-Lay web sites , they learned that Rold Gold pretzels are packaged differently within the United States and Canada . ICE investigators believe the bag in the video is exclusively distributed in the United States . With leads coming to an end , the investigators are asking the public for help in identifying the man . "  We kind of hit a wall in this investigation . Without the public 's help , we may not be able  to find the man  and more importantly stop the ongoing abuse of this victim , " said Brian Korzak , a special agent with ICE 's Cyber Crimes Center , Child Exploitation Unit . Publication of the man 's photo "  will greatly increase our chances of locating this individual , " said Special Agent Patrick Redling . "  Since the videos were created so recently , we feel there 's a child in danger right now . " Korzak and Redling say investigators routinely identify both technical and visual clues in videos for evidence to identify criminals and to rescue victims . HSI is asking anyone with information about this man to contact the agency immediately by calling the ICE Tip Line at 866-347-2423 or completing an online tip form at www.ICE.gov/tips . Tips remain anonymous , ICE said , and individuals should not attempt to apprehend the suspect . ICE filed a criminal complaint in the U.S. District Court of Washington on Friday , charging the man in the photos , identified as a "  John Doe , " of producing , possessing and distributing child pornography .	A man sexually abuses a girl in four videos posted on the Internet , authorities say A pretzel bag available only in the U.S. and Canada narrows the search , ICE says The bag is seen in the videos from which five images of the suspect are taken Danish authorities say they found the videos , made in April , earlier this month
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry waded into the thicket of Mideast politics Friday , chiding the Turkish prime minister for a slam on Zionism while touting the ties the United States has with Turkey and Israel -- two once friendly nations now mired in antipathy . Kerry said he and the Obama administration disagreed with Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's remark equating Zionism with crimes against humanity , and he called it "  objectionable . " He appeared to be making a reference to the remark in his praise of Mustafa Akarsu , the Turkish guard at the U.S. Embassy in Ankara who died in a February 1 suicide attack . "  Mustafa 's tragic death reminds all of us of the common bond we share , " Kerry told reporters in a joint news conference in Ankara with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu . It "  underscores the urgent need to promote a spirit of tolerance that includes all of the public statements made by all leaders . " Kerry said he mentioned Erdogan 's speech to the foreign minister and plans to broach it with Erdogan . "  That said , Turkey and Israel are both vital allies , " Kerry said . "  We want to see them work together to go beyond rhetoric and take concrete steps to change their relationship . I believe it 's possible . " The remarks overshadowed the key crisis in the region : the Syrian civil war . Kerry said the United States and Turkey share opposition to the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria . He said that Turkey and the United States believe in a political solution in Syria and that both countries have worked to bring about tough sanctions to reduce money flowing to the Assad government . He cited the Patriot missiles placed on Turkey 's border with Syria for security and the country 's hosting of tens of thousands of Syrian refugees . "  Minister Davutoglu and I believe there is no legitimacy in a regime that creates atrocities against its own people , " Kerry said . Kerry attended a memorial service for the security guard killed at the embassy last month and described him as a "  courageous Turk . " The United States , he said , "  stands strongly with Turkey , our NATO ally in the fight against terrorism . " The embassy was attacked last month by a man Turkish authorities say belonged to the Marxist Leninist organization known as the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party , or DHKP-C , which the U.S. government and others label a terrorist organization . As for Erdogan 's remarks , a senior State Department official earlier said the comment was "  particularly offensive " and "  complicates our ability to do all the things we want to do together when we have such a profound disagreement about such an important thing , " Erdogan appeared at the U.N. Alliance of Civilizations , which works to defuse tensions and promote cooperation between the Muslim and Western worlds . "  It is necessary that we must consider -- just like Zionism , or anti-Semitism , or fascism -- Islamophobia as a crime against humanity , " the Turkish prime minister said . Zionism is the Jewish national liberation movement that led to Israel 's founding and is the nation 's underpinning . Erdogan 's remarks drew a quick rebuke from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . But many in the Muslim world harbor notions like Erdogan 's about the movement . "  This is a dark and mendacious statement , the likes of which we thought had passed from the world , " Netanyahu said . Israel and Turkey are major U.S. allies in the Middle East . But the once extensive cooperation between Turkey and Israel on trade , tourism and military issues has broken down . Turkey , a NATO member , has been affected by one of the world 's most volatile conflicts -- the Syrian civil war -- and has been a staunch opponent of the Assad regime . Israel has been a longtime friend of the United States and is seen as a pro-U.S. bulwark in the region . The falling out between Turkey and Israel was hastened by the Israeli commando attack on a ship in a Gaza-bound flotilla three years ago . Turkey has called for an apology for the incident , which resulted in the deaths of eight Turks and one American of Turkish origin . Kerry : Diplomacy is cheaper than no diplomacy	The U.S. secretary of state addresses reporters in Ankara , Turkey He talks about the crisis in Syria and ties that Turkey and Israel share with the U.S. "  We want to see them work together to go beyond rhetoric , " Kerry says of Israel and Turkey Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the remark at a United Nations conference
CNN  -- Choi Byung Kwan undertook a special operation for the Republic of Korea 's army in one of the world 's most sensitive areas . He was not a highly trained soldier , but a photographer armed only with a camera . Over a period of years in the late 1990s and early 2000s he traversed the 155-mile truce line of the demilitarized zone  DMZ  that divides the Korean peninsular photographing the area 's remarkable ecology that was littered with reminders of the Korean war . "  I often came across fantastically charming wild flowers blossoming through the bullet holes of rusty iron helmets in mine fields , " he says . " -LSB- T -RSB- hey always struck a mixed feeling of joy and sorrow in my heart because they looked like reincarnations of the young souls of fallen soldiers . " His photographs will be shown in an exhibition at the UN headquarters in New York in June commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Korean war , and it is hoped by Choi , celebrating peace . "  I gradually realized during my work that the Korean DMZ was not only a valuable source of irreplaceable natural life but also a historical site reminding humanity of the preciousness of peace , " Choi says . "  I thought many times that this buffer zone deserved serious international attention as a possible world conservation site , which could naturally facilitate peace in the Korean peninsula . "	Photographs of Korea 's DMZ to be displayed at UN HQ Taken by Korean photographer Choi Byung Kwan Choi walked along the 155-mile truce line recording the area 's flora and fauna
Photos that allegedly show the Syrian regime committing mass torture are "  fake , " Syria 's Justice Ministry said Wednesday . In a statement on the state news agency SANA , the Justice Ministry categorically denied allegations published in a new report accusing the regime of torturing and killing thousands of detainees in government custody . The statement branded the report "  politicized and lacking in objectivity and professionalism " and said some of the photos are of "  foreign terrorists . " It then said any expert "  could easily find out that these pictures are fake and that they have no relation to prisoners or detainees in Syrian prisons . " The report , first released by CNN on Monday , was authored by a team of international legal and forensic experts based on thousands of photographs provided by a Syrian defector . He claimed to have worked as a photographer at a military hospital that received dead bodies from detention centers . The Justice Ministry 's response is the first official Syrian government reaction to the report , which emerged on the eve of an international peace talks in Switzerland . The images purportedly show "  systematic torture and killing " of detainees by the al-Assad regime . Could photos be a game changer ? That assertion is being made by a team of internationally recognized war crimes prosecutors and forensic experts , who analyzed thousands of digital photos taken and provided by a Syrian defector codenamed "  Caesar , " who , along with his family , is now living outside Syria in an undisclosed location . Lifeless bodies , signs of starvation In the photos , lifeless bodies show signs of starvation , brutal beatings , strangulation and other forms of torture and killing , according to the report . The experts ' report was partly sponsored by the government of Qatar , which funded the British law firm Carter-Ruck to write it . Qatar and Saudi Arabia provide most of the outside support for Syria 's rebel forces . The Syrian Justice Ministry accused Carter-Ruck of a lack of professionalism and said it was "  known to have direct ties with countries that are hostile to the Syrian Arab Republic since the start of the crisis . " Aside from the photos of "  foreign terrorists , " other individuals shown are "  civilians and military personnel who were killed as a result of torture by armed terrorist groups because they were accused of being pro-state , " it claims . The ministry questions the credibility of the photographer , saying he was "  a fugitive who fled Syria and who was already facing legal action , " and asks how he would have got the necessary documents to leave the country . It also suggests that the timing of the publication of the photographs reveals their "  true purpose " -- that of undermining the peace talks starting in Montreux Wednesday and moving to Geneva at the end of the week . The report "  aims to undermine the efforts to bring peace in Syria and put an end to the international sponsored terrorism in the country , " the statement said .	Syrian Justice Ministry says photos are "  fake " and have no relation to government detainees It also says pictures show "  foreign terrorists " and regime supporters killed by terrorists The photos of alleged mass torture and killing in Syria come as peace talks are to begin Report authors say they show "  systematic torture and killing " of prisoners by al-Assad regime
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 33 people died and 17 were injured when a train collided Thursday with a bus in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India , authorities said . The crash happened around 2 a.m. Thursday  4:30 p.m. ET Wednesday  when a bus packed with passengers tried to cross an unguarded railroad , said North-Eastern Railway spokesman Amit Singh . The bus was hit by the Mathura-Chhapra Express train that was passing through at the same time , Singh said . India 's massive rail network , used by hundreds of thousands of passengers daily , has a poor safety record . Official figures show 100 train accidents occurred in the country in the 2009-10 fiscal year and 115 in 2008-09 .	Another 17 people were injured in the wreck , which occurred in Uttar Pradesh state The crash occurred at 2 a.m. Thursday
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. military personnel are officially allowed to tweet . That 's the upshot of the Pentagon 's long-awaited policy on rank and file personnel using online social media , unveiled Friday . The new rules authorize access to Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , and other social media Web sites from nonclassified government computers -- as long as such activity does n't compromise operational security or involve prohibited activities or Web sites . Until now , the military 's various branches and departments had differing policies regarding social media use . The Marine Corps , for instance , prohibited use of social media sites from its computers in 2007 , according to the Pentagon . The Pentagon announced the policy Friday via social media such as Facebook and Twitter , in addition to using the Department of Defense 's Web site , said spokesman Bryan Whitman . "  This directive recognizes the importance of balancing appropriate security measures while maximizing the capabilities afforded by 21st century Internet tools , " said Deputy Defense Secretary William J. Lynn III , who signed the policy . The new policy denies military personnel access to sites promoting gambling , pornography or hate crimes from government computers . "  The world of Web 2.0 and the Internet provides these amazing opportunities to collaborate , " said David M. Wennergren , deputy assistant secretary of defense for information management and technology . "  It not only promotes information sharing across organizational boundaries and with mission partners , but also enables deployed troops to maintain contact with their loved ones at home . " The new policy allows commanders to temporarily restrict online access to maintain operations security or to address bandwidth constraints .	Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , other social media Web sites OK on nonclassified computers Branches of military previously had varying policies New rules balance security with power of Internet , official says
CNN  -- Legend has it the first machine dispensed holy water in exchange for a coin in ancient Egypt . Tobacco vending machines have been around since the 1600s . Then came soft drinks , chocolate bars , bubble gum and condoms . Now , vending machines can be used for anything small enough to be lifted out of a tray , it seems . Japan has embraced the concept wholeheartedly , selling eggs , bras , live lobsters , salad , cold and hot coffee , ties and , reportedly , even used underwear from machines . Other countries are catching on . 1 . Cupcakes  New York In the land where "  small cakes baked in cups " were first mentioned in a recipe book in the 1700s , it 's not surprising the hand-held cake has gone 24/7 . Stocked with up to 750 cupcakes baked daily in the adjoining Sprinkles bakery , this sugar-pink vending machine sells cupcakes around the clock . For $ 4.25 you get to choose from cinnamon chocolate , black and white and seasonal specialties such as Irish chocolate and maple bacon . There 's even a doggie cupcake for your pooch , giving you an excuse to stop by when on "  walkies . " Sprinkles opened its first "  cupcake ATM " in California in 2012 and has also installed the machines in Atlanta , Chicago and Dallas . Where to find it : 780 Lexington Ave. , New York 2 . Gold bars  Dubai , UAE You might not often need to buy a gold bar in the middle of the night , but in the United Arab Emirates , the tradition of gifting gold on holidays , festivals and special occasions is still going strong . At the Gold ATM you can purchase anything from a 2.5-gram , 24-karat gold coin to a rather more substantial 31-gram  one ounce  gold bar . You even have a choice of designs : a locally significant Burj Khalifa design or a kangaroo or Canadian maple leaf . The price stays up to date via the Internet , it 's refreshed every 60 seconds . Where to find it : Lower Ground Floor , next to entrance to Burj Khalifa Observation Deck At The Top , Dubai Mall , Down Town , Dubai , UAE 3 . Flip-flops  Sydney Flip-flops , or thongs as they 're locally known , are part of the uniform in this country of sunshine , surfer dudes and an all-embracing relaxed attitude . If you 've arrived unprepared , the Havaianas flip-flop vending machine in Sydney 's city center could be your sole salvation . You 're at the mercy of the machine for sizes and styles , but for $ 20 you 're good to kick off your city shoes and hop to the beach . Where to find it : Ground level , The Galleries , 500 George St. , Sydney , NSW , Australia 4 . Umbrellas  Vancouver , British Columbia You know that you 've landed somewhere with inclement weather when there 's an umbrella vending machine at the airport . One of the wettest cities in Canada with an average of 57 inches of rain per year , Vancouver prides itself in its mild climate , but gives you the option to be prepared . For $ 5 you get a pocket-sized umbrella and ... well that 's it . Where to find it : Level 1 , domestic arrivals just before the exit to public transportation , Vancouver Airport , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada 5 . Bicycle helmets  Melbourne , Australia People clad in Lycra populate Aussie roads , but they stay safe -- it 's illegal in Australia to ride a bike without a helmet . If you 've just arrived and want to cycle around the sights , you can pop into one of the many 7-Elevens in town to get a brain bucket . If you 're alighting at Southern Cross Station in the heart of Melbourne , however , you can get one out of a machine . Three sizes , one design , $ 5 , and you have a stylish blue helmet that 's safe and legal . Where to find it : Southern Cross Station , near the rental bike stand on Spencer Street , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia 6 . Caviar  Los Angeles Caviar and vending machines ? Beverly Hills , stronghold of the obscenely well-to-do , is home to not one but three caviar vending machines . Called Caviar Automated Boutiques , these upscale vendors offer more than a dozen types of caviar from all over the world , packed in shiny containers offering anything from a tasty morsel at 25 grams  around $ 25  to party boxes of 400 grams  $ 999.95  . Where to find it : Westfield Topanga , Level 2 , 6600 Topanga Canyon Blvd. , Canoga Park , California 7 . Books  Canada It 's a universally acknowledged truth that those in possession of too many unread books continue to buy new ones . Green Reads offers a solution : a book vending machine that allows you to get a good secondhand book for $ 2 , as well as giving you the opportunity to donate a book for the next reader . The machines are located in commuter-dense areas such as train stations , hospitals and airports . A portion of proceeds earned by the machines are donated to female literacy and numeracy programs in Africa . Where to find it : The prototype is at Barrie Transit Downtown terminal , 24 Maple Ave. , Barrie , Ontario 8 . Burritos  Los Angeles Students ' diets are notoriously bad , so what better place than the University of Southern California campus for the first-ever burrito vending machine ? For $ 3.75 you can get a hot , steaming burrito . So that busy students do n't get too bored while being idle for the 90 seconds it takes to dispense , they can watch a music video while the robotic machine puts their food together . Where to find it ? Parkside Apartments , 3730 McClintock Ave. , USC , Los Angeles Ulrike Lemmin-Woolfrey is a freelance writer based in Melbourne , Australia . She 's the author of "  Living Abroad in Australia " by Moon Travel Guides .	In Japan you can buy beer , eggs , bras , live lobsters , salad and neckties from vending machines The cupcake ATM has hit New York Gold and flip-flops are two more things you can buy from the vending machines on our list
CNN  -- Big-spending English club Manchester City moved a step closer to meeting European football 's financial fairplay requirements on Friday despite posting a loss of almost $ 160 million for last season . City 's deficit of # 97.9 million  $ 158 million  for 2011-12 's Premier League-winning campaign was just under half that of the # 197.5 million  $ 318 million  for the previous period -- which was the biggest loss in soccer history . The latest figure represents the fourth highest deficit in the English game -- three of which belong to City since the arrival of its Abu Dhabi owners in 2008 . It can be contrasted with the $ 37 million net profit made by rival Manchester United in 2011-12 . United posted a reduced revenue of # 320 million  $ 517 million  for that period , while City closed the gap with a club-record turnover of # 231.1 million  $ 374 million  . Both are substantially behind leading Spanish clubs Real Madrid and Barcelona . Chelsea boosted by first profit in Abramovich era It was the first time that City had breached the # 200 million  $ 323 million  mark , and reflects the club 's attempts to become more self-sufficient and avoid possible punishment from UEFA for failing to meet FFP targets . However , owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed still injected # 169 million  $ 273 million  in order to keep the club debt free . "  It is important to recognise the personal and ongoing influence of Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed on the rapid transformation that is taking place , " said chairman Khaldoon al-Mubarak . "  The hard work of everyone involved at Manchester City over the last four years has begun to create an obvious momentum . " Last season City won the English title for the first time since 1969 , and made a debut appearance in the UEFA Champions League . Manchester United seeks to cash in as sponsor DHL is sent packing The club 's revenue would have been higher if not for a group-stage exit from Europe 's top club competition -- which has been repeated already this season -- but new chief executive Ferran Soriano was satisfied with the results . He joined City in September , having previously helped transform the financial fortunes of Barcelona between 2003-08 . "  What I have found is a club on the verge of a historic transformation , reinforced by a genuine commitment to doing things well . It is a club with a rich history and the potential for an even brighter future , " he said . With the FFP rules coming into play from next season , City officials are under pressure to conform -- or face the possible expulsion from European competition and a withholding of prize money . A 10-year stadium rights deal with Etihad Airlines -- owned by Abu Dhabi 's royal family -- which also includes the club 's under-construction campus has considerably boosted City 's balance sheet . It is building an academy to try to avoid paying over the odds for star players in the future -- the # 201.8 million  $ 326 million  wage bill for 2011-12 made City the first English club to break # 200 million in salaries , according to the Sporting Intelligence website . That equates to more than $ 890,000 a day . "  The City Football Academy will strengthen the club 's youth development and training capabilities , enable more players to move through the Academy and Elite Development Squads into the first team in the future , while bringing all of the club 's operations together on a single site within the Etihad Campus , " Khaldoon said . "  The responsibility lies with all of us to continue the hard work that will ensure that this is only the beginning of a long and successful era for Manchester City . "	English champion Manchester City posts loss of $ 158 million for 2011-12 season Its revenues rose to a record $ 374 million after winning title and playing in Champions League Owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed injected $ 273 million to keep the club debt free City paid more than $ 325 million in player wages -- the first English club to reach that level
CNN  -- The United States will phase out its stockpiles of landmines designed to target people , moving closer to joining a global ban on a weapon that kills more than 15,000 people a year -- most of them civilians . U.S. officials made the declaration at an anti-mine conference in Maputo , Mozambique , according to a statement issued by National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . Activists have long pressured the United States to join the international treaty banning the production , stockpiling and use of anti-personnel landmines -- the kind meant to kill or maim when someone steps on them . Such mines are easily triggered when stepped on , unlike anti-vehicle mines . Those weapons can still kill , but only go off when heavy vehicles pass over them . Anti-personnel mines , many of them placed during earlier conflicts dating back years , kill more than 15,000 people a year , according to the United Nations . Thousands more are maimed . As of last year , 161 nations were parties to the treaty , commonly known as the Ottawa Convention , but major powers including the United States , China and Russia are not , according to the Arms Control Association . In a statement , Hayden said , "  Our delegation in Maputo made clear that we are diligently pursuing solutions that would be compliant with and ultimately allow the United States to accede to the Ottawa Convention . " She said other aspects of U.S. landmine policy remain under review . The White House later issued a statement saying "  the United States shares the humanitarian goals of the Ottawa Convention . " Activists welcomed the U.S. statement . "  The message to the international community is clear -- the Mine Ban Treaty is the only solution to eliminate the suffering caused by landmines , " said the head of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines delegation to the Maputo conference . But some criticized the United States for failing to commit to a ban on the use of its current stockpiles of mines , and chastised the Obama administration for failing to set a date to join the treaty . "  By not setting a firm date to complete this task , the U.S. runs the risk of allowing its landmine policy review to drift beyond President Obama 's term in office as president , " said Elizabeth MacNairn , executive director of Handicap International U.S. . More than 100 million mines are believed to be in stockpiles around the world , with millions already in the ground in 59 countries , according to the Arms Control Association . In 1997 , the Clinton administration made a goal of joining the treaty by 2006 , but President George W. Bush reversed the decision in 2004 , according to Human Rights Watch . In a policy announced that year , the United States said it would no longer use mines made to be invisible to metal detectors and those that do n't self-destruct after a set time . In 2009 , the United States announced a comprehensive landmine policy review . Anti-landmine activists had been pressuring the Obama administration to announce the results of that review before the Maputo conference . Despite not being part of the treaty , the United States is the largest donor worldwide to efforts to combat landmines and help victims , providing more than $ 2 billion in aid since 1993 , according to the International Campaign to Ban Landmines . Landmines : Explosive remnants of war	NEW : Landmine activists welcome U.S. action , but some say it does n't go far enough NEW : Critics want U.S. to reject use of current stockpiles , set date to join anti-landmine treaty U.S. officials announced they would n't acquire any more anti-personnel mines More than 160 nations have signed the anti-landmine treaty
Washington  CNN  -- With the first of its flights touching down in earthquake-devastated Haiti late Wednesday afternoon , the U.S. began deploying military planes , ships and ground troops to the Caribbean nation . One of two planes carrying a 30-person assessment team arrived at Port-au-Prince airport about 5:30 p.m. Wednesday . The team will assess what Haiti needs to cope with the immediate aftermath of the disaster . One of the team 's first jobs is to get the airport working to a point where it can handle all the flights coming in from around the world filled with people and supplies to help the victims of the quake . The U.S. Southern Command is leading the Department of Defense 's response . Gen. P.K. Keen , deputy commander of the Southern Command , was in Haiti when the quake struck and has seen the situation at the airport . "  He says the runway is functional , but the tower does n't have communications capability . The passenger terminal ... has structural damage to it , so we do n't know what the status of it is , " said Gen. Douglas Fraser , head of U.S. Southern Command . "  So we have a group going in to make sure we can gain and secure the airfield and operate from it , because that 's one of those locations we think we 're going to have a lot of the immediate effort -- from an international basis -- going into . " The group includes a unit of U.S. Air Force Special Operations Forces that departed Hurlburt Field in Florida on Wednesday afternoon . They include airmen and equipment to set up temporary air traffic control systems as well as search-and-rescue experts . Fraser also has ordered the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson to steam toward Haiti . The ship was at sea near Virginia when the quake hit and as it sails south , it will stop at Mayport , Florida , Naval Station to pick up supplies . The Carl Vinson "  had a very small complement of aircraft on it when it was at sea , " Fraser told reporters at the Pentagon on Wednesday . "  As ... it passes through or by Mayport , we 're going to provision it with as much capability as we can , primarily looking at helicopter capacity ... because we need to be able to get around the country . " The carrier is able to provide needed helicopters for lifting aid from the ship into the country as well as moving construction equipment to places where the machines are needed to clear rubble . The U.S. Navy also activated the hospital ship USNS Comfort , based in Baltimore , Maryland , on Wednesday . While the Southern Command has not officially asked for the ship , the Navy activated it proactively expecting it will be requested . The ship takes up to five days to prepare after being notified . It could be ready at the latest by Monday . The ship is staffed by 64 crew and 560 hospital personnel , and when ready it will sail toward Haiti in case it is requested . Southern Command has ordered a unit of about 2,000 Marines to head to Haiti . The Marines will deploy aboard a large deck amphibious ship , which would give the military more helicopters to work with in Haiti . It also has a large medical facility that could help with treating the injured . It 's medical facilities are comparable to the facilities aboard the Comfort , and it is possible only one of the two ships would be sent . The Army said a brigade of roughly 3,500 members of the 82nd Airborne Division is on notice that they may soon be sent to Haiti . The 82nd sent members to New Orleans , Louisiana , in the aftermath of the Hurricane Katrina .	First team team will assess what Haiti needs to cope with the immediate aftermath One task is to set up temporary air traffic control systems Aircraft carrier , ships with medical facilities heading toward Haiti
CNN 's new series i-List takes you to a different country each month . In May , we visit Macedonia focusing on changes shaping the country 's economy , culture and its social fabric . Demir Kapija , Macedonia -- Jordan Trajkov was a successful banker studying for an MBA when he visited Napa Valley in California . The visit inspired him to go back to his roots and start a winery in his native Macedonia . Trajkov 's father had owned a vineyard , but when Macedonia was part of socialist Yugoslavia he was not allowed to produce his own wine . "  There were just a few big wineries and my father had to sell his grapes to them . " Trajkov told CNN . "  But my grandfather had his own winery before socialism and that inspired me . "  From an early age I had worked on my father 's vineyard , but I had never had the opportunity to make my own wine . " Trajkov , now 41 , worked in banking for seven years in Macedonia , London and New York . He was studying for an MBA in Phoenix , Arizona , when he took the holiday in Napa Valley that was to change his career . Trajkov returned to Macedonia and in 2003 bought some land close to where he had grown up . He planted his first grapes in 2005 and began selling wine from his Popova Kula winery the following year . "  Bringing together the concept of wine tourism with grape growing and wine making was fascinating for me , " Trajkov told CNN . Popova Kula produces 23 varieties of wine , but Trajkov 's favorites are those native to Macedonia . He is keen to give a future to the ancient vines denied when Macedonia was part of Yugoslavia . Then , production was all about bulk export of more common grapes , such as cabernets and sauvignons . Alongside his better-known grapes , Trajkov produces Vranec and Stanushina , and has won international medals for several of his wines . "  I describe our philosophy as ` glocalization ' , promoting the local varieties globally . We are really traditionalists . We think that there are some wonderful domestic varieties . " Trajkov put all his own money into the winery , and his father sold his own nearby vineyards to invest too . Trajkov 's former career as a banker has helped , and he became the first Macedonian company to be floated on its stock exchange . "  I knew how to do that because of my background . We have strong equity , " he said . "  I can not say our sales are as we originally predicted in our business plan , but I can say we hope to get there because our sales are increasing year to year . That 's because we have highest quality wine . " To increase sales further , Trajkov knows he must work hard on promoting his wines more widely . He has even built a hotel to accommodate tourists , with each room themed on a wine . Alongside the hiking , bird-watching , fishing and skiing on offer locally , the Napa Valley influence becomes clear . Catriona Davies contributed to this report	A visit to Napa Valley inspired Jordan Trajkov to start a winery in Macedonia His favorite varieties of grape are those native to Macedonia Winery was the first Macedonian company to be floated on its stock exchange
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Cash-strapped Zimbabwe revealed plans Saturday to circulate $ 200 million notes , just days after introducing a $ 100 million bill , Finance Minister Samuel Mumbengegwi said . Zimbabwe central bank governor Gideon Gono shows a new $ 50 million note Thursday . After the $ 100 million note began circulating on Thursday , the price of a loaf of bread soared from 2 million to 35 million Zimbabwean dollars . Amid allegations of illegal foreign currency trading , the government also fired top executives at four major banks Thursday , according to The Herald , a state-owned newspaper . Many anxious residents of the nation 's capital , Harare , have been sleeping outside banks , waiting for them to open so they can make withdrawals before the institutions run out of cash . Watch how Zimbabwe 's children are suffering " The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe had capped maximum daily withdrawals at 500,000 Zimbabwean dollars : about 25 U.S. cents , or about a quarter of Thursday 's price of a loaf of bread . Last week , restrictions on cash withdrawals -- due to severe money shortages -- triggered riots . Sixteen soldiers now face possible court-martial due to alleged looting and assaults on civilians and police during the unrest , police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena told The Herald on Saturday . "  We are still investigating the case , " he said . "  But we expect the soldiers to appear before a court-martial once investigations are completed . " After spending several days waiting in bank lines , soldiers rampaged through downtown Harare , destroying shops and attacking riot police sent to disperse the protesters . Cash shortages are not the only crisis plaguing Zimbabwe . The United Nations has said that more than half of Zimbabwe 's population is in dire need of food and clean water . Watch how a cholera epidemic is affecting Zimbabweans " Acute shortages of essentials such as fuel , electricity , medicines and food are key indicators of a failed economy , according to economic observers . "  The -LSB- Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe -RSB- is failing to deliver the demands of market , prices are doubling daily , and that demands more cash , " Zimbabwean economist John Robertson said . "  The huge price increases are resulting from severe shortages of most goods . " The once-prosperous African nation is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since attaining independence from Great Britain in 1980 . Zimbabwe 's official rate of inflation is 231 million percent , the world 's highest . Critics of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe link hyperinflation to his policies on land distribution and unbudgeted payments to war veterans . Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election . Its political troubles have aggravated its humanitarian and economic crisis , including a cholera outbreak that has killed close to 600 people since August . A CNN journalist in Harare contributed to this report .	Price of a loaf of bread jumps to 35 million Zimbabwean dollars Government accuses bank executives of illegal currency trading Zimbabwe also faces widespread cholera outbreak ; food , power shortages President Robert Mugabe 's policies blamed for economic collapse
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware , whose career as a concert promoter started with Elvis Presley 's last tour , testified Tuesday about Michael Jackson 's final days . "  I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect , " Gongaware wrote in an e-mail to a friend two weeks after Jackson died . "  Still quite a shock . " Gongaware , who was one of the top producers of Jackson 's comeback concerts , is expected to be on the witness stand for several days in the fifth week of the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial . Janet Jackson , the late singer 's youngest sister , made her first appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom , sitting next to her mother , Katherine Jackson . Sister Rebbie and brother Randy Jackson are in the courthouse but are not allowed to view the testimony because the judge has limited the family to one sibling at a time in court . Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live for liability in the pop icon 's death , accusing the concert promoter of negligently hiring , retaining or supervising Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG lawyers contend that Michael Jackson chose , hired and supervised Murray and that his bad decisions were fueled by a drug addiction their executives had no way of knowing about . AEG exec called Jackson "  freak " before signing concert contract The Elvis connection Elvis ' name came up as Jackson lawyer Brian Panish questioned Gongaware about his knowledge of drug use during concert tours . He should have been able to recognize red flags signaling Jackson 's drug use because of his experience with Presley and his time as Jackson 's tour manager in the 1990s , the Jacksons contend . "  I kind of knew what was going to happen , yes , " Gongaware testified . Panish then showed jurors the e-mail in which he made a similar statement . When Gongaware was managing Jackson 's 1993 tour , he warned the tour doctor "  Do n't be a Dr. Nick " -- a reference to Presley 's last physician -- the doctor testified in a deposition . "  Dr. Nick was the doctor whose overprescription of drugs to Elvis had led to Elvis ' death , " according to a court filing by lawyers for the Jackson family . Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at age 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that the abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . "  Dr. Nick " -- Dr. George Nichopoulos -- said later he was treating Presley for insomnia . He was charged with overprescribing drugs to Presley , but he was acquitted . He later lost his medical license in another case . Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , at age 50 . The coroner ruled his death was caused by a fatal combination of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his insomnia . He was convicted of involuntary manslaughter , sentenced to four years in prison and stripped of his medical license . Sweet controversy at Jackson death trial Gongaware was with Presley manager Col. Tom Parker when he first met Jackson in Las Vegas , he testified . The Jackson lawyers are using Gongaware 's Elvis and "  Dr. Nick " reference to argue that "  AEG knew Jackson had suffered chronic substance abuse and drug dependency problems for many years . " "  Shortly after he joined the ` Dangerous ' tour in 1993 , Dr. Finkelstein was asked to treat Jackson for pain , " the Jackson filing said , referring to Dr. Stuart Finkelstein , a doctor on the 1993 tour . "  Having observed signs of opiate addiction in Jackson , Dr. Finkelstein nonetheless administered Demerol by injection , and administered morphine intravenously in Jackson 's Bangkok hotel room for 24 hours . " After that , Finkelstein told Gongaware "  he thought Jackson had an opiate dependency problem , " the filing said . "  For three and a half months , the ` Dangerous ' tour continued , " it said . "  Another doctor attended Jackson regularly , on one occasion breaking into Dr. Finkelstein 's bag to get opiates to administer to Jackson . Gongaware was there the whole time , in charge of tour logistics , aware of the various physicians present , and he discussed with Dr. Finkelstein Jackson 's opiate problem . " When Gongaware warned Dr. Finkelstein , whom the brief described as his "  close friend , " not to become Jackson 's "  Dr. Nick , " he was "  warning me , you know , do n't get all infatuated where you start administering meds to a rock star and have the rock star overdose and die on you , " Dr. Finkelstein testified . Despite working as a tour promoter for 37 years -- including for Led Zeppelin , the Grateful Dead and many others -- Gongaware testified that the only artist he ever knew that was using drug on tour was Rick James . Gongaware is currently the tour manager for the Rolling Stones North American tour . Fooling Mikey ? Jurors were shown several e-mails from Gongaware that Jackson lawyers suggested were evidence that AEG Live deliberately misled Jackson about how much money he would make from his comeback concerts and how many days he would have to rest between shows . Gongaware wrote to his boss , AEG Live President Randy Phillips , that they should present gross ticket sales numbers to Jackson , not the percentage of the net profits , during contract talks . "  Maybe gross is a better number to throw around if we use numbers with Mikey listening , " his e-mail said . He sent an e-mail to his assistant in March 2009 suggesting that she design a concert calendar for Jackson using light tan colors for show dates , while drawing attention to his rest days . "  I do n't want the shows to stand out so much when MJ looks at it . Less contrast between work and off . Maybe off days in a contrasting soft color . Put ` OFF ' in each off day after July 8 , as well . Figure it out so it looks like he 's not working so much . " Under questioning Tuesday , Gongaware said he "  was n't trying to fool him . I wanted to present it in the best possible light . " The ` smoking gun ' Gongaware is also a key witness because he wrote what Jackson 's lawyers call the "  smoking gun " e-mail which they argue shows AEG Live executives used Murray 's fear of losing his lucrative job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . Gongaware 's e-mail to show director Kenny Ortega , sent 11 days before Jackson 's death , addressed concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Gongaware , in a video deposition played in court on the first day of the trial , said he could not remember writing the e-mail . E-mails become key "  They put Dr. Murray in a position where if he said Michael ca n't go or ca n't play , if he said I ca n't give you those drugs , then he does n't get paid , " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish told jurors in his opening statements . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam said in his opening statement that Gongaware and other AEG executives had no way of knowing about Jackson 's use of propofol to sleep . "  AEG knew nothing about this decade-long propofol use , " Putnam said . "  They were a concert promoter . How could they know ? " Gongaware will also face questions about an e-mail in which he seemed to question Jackson 's commitment to his "  This Is It " tour . "  We can not be forced into stopping this , which MJ will try to do because he is lazy and constantly changes his mind to fit his immediate wants , " he wrote to AEG 's Phillips . Jackson makeup artist Karen Faye testified earlier abut an incident in which Gongaware became frustrated because Jackson locked himself in a bathroom at his home , refusing to leave for rehearsals at the Forum . Gongaware was "  angry and kind of desperate to get Michael to the Forum , " Faye said . She overheard Gongaware screaming on the phone at Jackson 's security guard , telling him "  to get him out of the bathroom . Do you have a key ? Do whatever it takes . " Choreographer : AEG considered ` pulling the plug ' on Jackson comeback ` Trouble at the Front ' Jackson lawyers are also expected to ask Gongaware about e-mails he received that raised questions about Jackson 's health in the last weeks of his life . "  This Is It " production director John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl wrote to him on June 19 , 2009 -- six days before Jackson died -- "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now . " Houghdahl 's e-mail , titled "  trouble at the Front " was written after Ortega sent Jackson home from a rehearsal because of his strange behavior . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt , " Houghdahl wrote . "  The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Michael Jackson died	NEW : AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware was with Elvis ' manager when he first met Jackson NEW : "  I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect , " he wrote Gongaware managed Jackson 's two tours in the 1990s He was in charge of producing Jackson 's "  This Is It " comeback tour
CNN  If you 've always wanted to have a beer with "  Family Guy 's " Peter Griffin in real life , give Robert Franzese a call . Franzese is a New York-based cosplayer who also happens to do an insanely accurate impression of the cartoon dad from Quahog , Rhode Island . With a white button-down shirt , a pair of green pants , round glasses and his spot-on vocal work , Franzese can transform from everyday guy into something right out of a "  Family Guy " episode . Franzese 's character has been a hit at conventions like New York Comic-Con , and a recent YouTube video from BOOM ! Big Pants shows just how much of a celebrity he has become . "  Impressions just really came naturally to me , " Franzese explains in the clip , which -- be warned -- contains coarse language . "  So I slapped together stuff that I had . ... and was like , great , Peter Griffin . Just one stupid joke , where I go to the ATM , and I 'm like , ` Oh , my God , I won ! ' And from then on , it 's just caught like wildfire . " He 's become so popular that he 's caught the eye of "  Family Guy " creator Seth MacFarlane , who retweeted the YouTube video of Franzese on Wednesday . In his everyday life , Franzese swears he 's a "  nobody " : "  I have a nobody job , making nobody pay , " he says in the video . But when he goes to Comic-Con , "  people are pulling out phones like I 'm freaking Brad Pitt , " he continues . "  It makes me feel like a million bucks . It 's the reactions that I get out of what I do that gives me the joy of what I do . "	A cosplayer does a wicked impression of "  Family Guy 's " Peter Griffin The creator of "  Family Guy " has acknowledged the impression on Twitter
$ 7.4 billion : Total Halloween consumer spending in the United States expected for 2014 . 66.7 : Percent of Americans who plan to celebrate Halloween this year . 42.1 million : Potential trick-or-treaters ages 5-14 . $ 77.52 : The average amount Americans will spend on candy , costumes , and decorations . $ 2.2 billion : Projected spending on Halloween candy in the U.S. in 2014 . 50 : Percent of households which typically give out 2 pieces of candy to each trick-or-treater . Homemade costume ideas 18.8 : Percent of Americans who said the economy will affect how much they end up spending on their Halloween gear and party plans this year . This is down from 25.2 % for 2013 . 48 : Years since the premiere of the classic TV special , "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown ! " 50,900 : Acres of pumpkins harvested in the U.S. in 2013 . 14.3 : Percent of owners who plan to dress up their pets this year . The number one costume for scary cats and dogs is a pumpkin . Gallery : Pooches dressed up for Halloween 4.8 million : Adults who plan to be a witch this Halloween . $ 452 million : U.S. Box office earnings of horror movies in 2013 . More than 1,200 : Recognized species of bats , according to Britannica.com . 42.7 : Percentage of those surveyed by the National Confectioners Association who said they eat the white part of a piece of candy corn first . Sources : National Retail Foundation , U.S. Census Bureau , IMDB , The Numbers , CandyUSA and Gallup . Like CNN Living on Facebook .	Consumers will spend $ 7.4 billion this Halloween , according to the National Retail Federation 42.1 million children will go trick-or-treating , according to the U.S. Census Bureau "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown " premiered 48 years ago
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina won his primary showdown on Tuesday , easily topping the 50 % threshold needed to avoid a runoff . His victory over a crowded field on the right stands in contrast to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor 's defeat in Virginia 's 7th Congressional District , where GOP challenger Dave Brat upset the seven-term Republican for the party 's nomination . Big upset : No. 2 House Republican loses primary Graham 's opposition was fractured heading into the primary . State Sen. Lee Bright came in a distant second , followed by five other challengers who all registered in the single digits . "  Leadership and problem solving comes with some political risk . You get a bunch of people running against you , but I 'm here to tell you , it 's very much worth it , " Graham said in his victory speech . In red-state South Carolina , Graham will be considered the strong favorite in November 's general election , when he faces Democratic state Sen. Brad Hutto , who easily won his party 's primary . South Carolina is not Mississippi Graham 's victory also stood in contrast to Republican Sen. Thad Cochran 's fight for his political life in Mississippi . Last week , Cochran was forced into a runoff against a challenger backed by the tea party . But for Graham , any comparison with Cochran was short lived , even though many tea party activists and other grassroots conservatives in South Carolina despise him and other local organizations in the state have censured him in recent years . Graham had some advantages heading into the contest : He had a massive war chest -- around $ 8 million cash on hand , which gave him a huge campaign cash advantage over his primary opponents -- and outside groups have steered clear of the race , unlike in Mississippi where establishment and tea party groups fought . South Carolina Republican consultant Joel Sawyer told CNN that Graham was facing off "  against an incredibly weak field of competitors , and of course he benefited by having the ` not Lindsey ' vote split among several folks . " "  Second , to Lindsey 's credit , he ran a great campaign . I think the assumption among a lot of people was that he 'd solely wage an air war , but I 've been impressed with the way he also ran a traditional , grassroots-focused campaign in addition to a compelling broadcast message . And Lindsey himself spent a lot of time on the ground here holding events and interacting one-on-one with voters , " Sawyer added . Graham debated his opponents for the first and only time this past weekend . They slammed him over his 2008 vote in favor of the Wall Street bailout , his votes in favor of President Barack Obama 's Supreme Court nominations , and especially for his support of immigration reform . Obama : Midterm elections will decide the fate of immigration reform Maybe immigration reform is n't dead after all Graham was a member of the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " senators who pushed immigration reform through the chamber last year . The bill was never taken up by the GOP-controlled House . Heading into Tuesday 's contest , polls showed Graham close to the 50 % threshold . He spent Monday on a bus tour through the conservative , voter-rich upstate region . In his final campaign commercial before the primary , Graham touted his conservative credentials , which he said included support for "  building the Keystone pipeline , opposing Obamacare , looking for answers on Benghazi , standing up for our military . " And in the ad , which his campaign said was a six-figure statewide buy on TV , radio and digital , Graham said he is a "  conservative leader you can count on to get things done . " South Carolina and Virginia were among five states that held primaries on Tuesday . 2014 : What 's at stake Key races to watch Primary calendar Special Coverage : The 2014 Midterms	Five states held primaries on Tuesday In South Carolina , Sen. Lindsey Graham avoided a primary runoff Graham faced a divided opposition in his primary bid
CNN  Imagine that you lived in a country that every day had to stay vigilante because of the risk of terrorist attacks -- physical or of the cyber variety . Or that has faced blizzards of historic proportions , with another winter storm on the way . And imagine if the people you were depending on to help you were expected to turn up for work , but that they may or may not be getting paid . Well , thanks to a completely avoidable standoff in Congress , you might not have to imagine at all . February 28 marks the date when money for the Department of Homeland Security runs out as House Republicans hold the DHS 's funding hostage to make an ideological point . They say they are unhappy with President Barack Obama 's executive orders rescinding deportation for a class of undocumented immigrants known as the Dreamers , among others . As a result , unless a deal is reached , more than 200,000 employees will be required to show up to work next Monday without pay . If we lived in a world that existed solely on the ideological plane , then House Speaker John Boehner 's approach might be brilliant -- the work of the agency created to enforce our borders and immigration rules would grind to a halt , the President would capitulate , and Boehner would have achieved some sort of short-lived "  victory " on the backs of immigrants , many of whom arrived here as babies . But most of us live in the real world , where actions have consequences for the rest of us . And that means not just those disappointed immigrants who believed they were beginning the process of securing citizenship . It also includes those who work at DHS and the people that depend on them . Maybe the public is n't outraged by this fight because they associate DHS with long lines at airports and the checks undertaken by the Transportation Security Administration . But hundreds of thousands of "  essential " workers at TSA and the many other sections of DHS that work to keep us safe are facing the reality that they will not get a regular paycheck . Yes , they will get their money eventually , but if this standoff continues , there will be no certainty when -- it could be weeks . And how many Americans supporting families can work indefinitely not knowing when the next paycheck is coming ? This is n't to say that the creation and execution of DHS 's work has been seamless . Created back in 2003 through the merging of a few dozen agencies  and the addition of a couple more  , DHS has struggled with its identity , morale  it regularly ranks as least favorite federal agency to work at  , and role . And the department is by no means perfect -- I served as assistant secretary early in the Obama administration , so I am fully aware of the challenges . But one of DHS 's fundamental roles has always been to work with states and localities in crises management , disaster relief funding , and emergency response training . And it is in these specific roles -- supporting state emergency management agencies , writing checks to localities and individuals who have suffered harm , and training hundreds of thousands of first-responders on how to protect their communities -- that the DHS standoff will surely be felt . The homeland matters . Without funding , local budgeting processes and support for first responders can not be accounted for . Without funding , homeowners and those harmed in disasters will not receive monetary relief . Without funding , the training and exercises that are funded by the federal government to support local and state planning in a real crisis will not materialize . Right now , where I live , in the Boston area , we have suffered four blizzards of historical proportions that have brought the city to a standstill . Literally . Our metropolitan transit system has been closed periodically , roads can not be plowed fast enough , our harbor 's commercial activity is slowed due to ice buildup , and there is simply no place to put all this snow . Local businesses have been harmed , damage has accrued , and the citizenry is demoralized . But the situation will be worse for residents in hard-hit places like Boston if DHS and one of its agencies , the Federal Emergency Management Agency , is not able to help buttress local and state efforts at recovering from the barrage of storms the region has faced . Of course our disaster-relief system is not perfect . But the system we have now is the one that individuals , cities and states have come to rely on . And it does provide funds for localities to train and exercise their responses so that fewer people will be at risk . These are the stakes in the real world . Yet even though a Texas court may have handed Boehner a face-saving lifeline by ruling Obama 's actions unlawful and essentially stopping the presidential actions pending appeal , House Republicans appear undeterred , although Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday indicated Senate Republicans might be willing to offer some concessions . As a result of this deadlock , you can increasingly expect to hear governors and mayors -- who actually run something -- to begin to push House Republicans to sign a clean funding bill that will keep DHS funded . After all , these leaders know as well as anyone that ideology can only go so far when the well-being and safety of our homeland is at stake .	Department of Homeland Security will run out of money without funding deal Juliette Kayyem : Actions of Congress have consequences for the rest of us
CNN  -- Singer Fantasia Barrino revealed during a concert Sunday what has been rumored for months -- she is pregnant . "  God has given me this child and I do n't have to hide it from none of y' all , " Barrino told fans at the outdoor show in Jacksonville , Florida . The 2004 "  American Idol " winner did not say when the baby is due or who is the father . Her manager did not immediately respond to CNN requests for information . "  You are the first person that I share this news with , and I share this with you because I can relate to you , " Barrino told fans . "  And for a while I walked around figuring out ` What will they say and what will they think about me ? ' But now I tell you I do n't live my life for folk . " Barrino 's weight gain fueled online rumors seven months ago that the R&B singer was expecting a child , but her manager said she was gaining 45 pounds in preparation to play legendary gospel singer Mahalia Jackson in a movie . "  Fantasia 's pregnant with prosperity , " manager Brian Dickens told CNN on February 8 , 2011 . The past year has been difficult for the 27-year-old Barrino , who acknowledged a relationship with a married man last summer . She initially denied knowing Antwaun Cook was married . She was treated at a Charlotte , North Carolina , hospital for a "  sleep aid " overdose several days after Cook 's wife filed a child-custody petition that included allegations of the affair . Barrino later testified in the child custody case that she knew from the first day of her relationship with Cook that he was married and still living with his wife , according to court records . Barrino , who has a 9-year-old daughter , delivered a lecture to her younger fans during Sunday 's show , telling them "  Take my word and run with it . " "  Little girls , take your time with little boys , " Barrino said . "  Little boys , respect the little girls . " Barrino 's raw talent as a songstress , combined with her hard-luck story as a teenage mother , won her many fans , starting with her winning the third season of "  American Idol . " Her six-year-long entertainment career has been pockmarked with adversity , including being sued by her own father and well-publicized financial troubles .	"  God has given me this child and I do n't have to hide it , " Barrino says Her manager denied pregnancy rumors earlier this year Fantasia did not say when she 's due or who 's the father The singer revealed her pregnancy during a Jacksonville , Florida , show Sunday
CNN  -- An FBI webpage quoted an agent calling Mexico 's drug cartels more violent than al Qaeda -- a comment sure to grab attention , but which does n't tell the whole story , the agency said . On its website , the FBI was highlighting a special series of stories on law enforcement challenges along the Southwest border . The report includes a quote from an unidentified senior agent based in El Paso , Texas , who says , "  We think al Qaeda is bad , but they 've got nothing on the cartels . " The controversial-sounding comment was just one of point of view that exists on the ground , the FBI said , explaining the remark . "  The quote is the opinion of one FBI agent who lives and works on border violence every day , " said Special Agent Jason Pack , an FBI spokesman in Washington . "  The FBI does not believe the cartels are any more dangerous than al Qaeda . " According to the FBI report , "  Some areas on the Mexican side of the border are so violent they are reminiscent of the gangster era of Chicago in the 1930s or the heyday of the Mafia 's Five Families in New York . " It cites the violent and ruthless tactics of the cartels , using as an example the case of a man known as El Pozolero -- the stew maker -- who is said to have dissolved hundreds of murder victims in acid . Mexico has seen other violent acts that are reminscent of al Qaeda tactics , including the severing of heads and videotaping of kidnap victims . But according to one analyst , comparing one to the other is apples and oranges . "  Obviously , it 's a more complex issue than that , " said Fred Burton , vice president of intelligence at Stratfor , a global intelligence company . "  Reading between the lines here , what they might be trying to say is that clearly the scope of the drug cartels from a geographic perspective is very robust , " he said . The cartels are very brutal and violent , but they have n't hijacked planes , built complex improvised explosive devices or attacked U.S. vessels , as al Qaeda has , Burton said . The major drug trafficking cartels in Mexico do use terror , however , in their rivalries for smuggling routes to the United States market . In one recent sign of escalation , a device that authorities called a car bomb exploded in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , killing four . However , Burton said , it was n't clear whether it was a case of explosives packed into a car , or a carefully rigged car bomb in the true sense of the word , the type of fine deliniation that separates groups like al Qaeda and Mexican drug cartels .	An FBI webpage includes a quote comparing al Qaeda to Mexican drug cartels A senior agent says that the cartels are more violent than al Qaeda The FBI explains that it is just one agent 's point of view from the field
CNN  -- ABC 's '90s sitcom "  Boy Meets World " had one of the best TV bromances of our time , but the bond between Ben Savage 's Cory Matthews and Rider Strong 's Shawn Hunter was n't part of the original plan . Had the production team behind the '90s coming-of-age comedy had their way , Savage 's Cory , the precocious middle child of a loving middle-class family , would 've had more male friends instead of his singular BFF , Strong 's floppy-haired Shawn . "  If you watch the first five episodes , there 's always another kid there and it 's a different kid every episode , " Strong , now 33 , recalled in an interview with CNN . "  They kept trying to have another best friend , they really wanted Cory to have two best friends ... and it just was n't working -- I think they wanted this feeling of ` Cory 's gang , ' and it just never quite clicked . " Strong , of course , had already been cast as the mischievous , lady-loving underachiever that became a teen heartthrob , a part that "  Boy Meets World " co-creator Michael Jacobs knew was destined to be the actor 's from his first read . But the comedic  and heartfelt  magic that was Cory and Shawn 's friendship was n't as obvious . And then , around a quarter into that first season , Strong was given the opportunity to make Shawn a bigger character . "  There was this kid who unfortunately got fired in the middle of the week because it just was n't working , and they gave me all of his lines and just made it Cory and Shawn , " Strong said . "  That same week , Danielle  Fishel  came in as Topanga . That week everything clicked , and we were all like , ` Oh , this is the show . This is the dynamic . ' " For those who are obsessive about "  Boy Meets World , " which aired from 1993 to 2000 , Strong pinpoints this fateful moment as "  the episode where Ben straightens his hair . " As the show stretched on , the "  bromance " between Savage and Strong became part of its foundation , both to the creative team and the stars themselves . "  As actors , Ben and I really clicked , and it 's that kind of connection that you so rarely find with an actor with somebody else , this preternatural connection , " Strong said . "  This confidence that we always had in each other that we would never let each other down as actors . It 's still to this day one of the greatest working relationships of my life . " Hollywood 's best bromances Ironically , Strong never imagined that he 'd ever make it beyond the pilot , let alone a seventh season . When he first landed the gig , the idea of being part of a show for six or seven years seemed like a lifetime . In essence , the show has even outlived its own cancellation . It 's been 13 years since the series wrapped , but "  Boy Meets World " still airs regularly , and hardcore fans can own the entire series , now on DVD as a boxed collection for the first time . The passion for the Matthews family and the characters who floated into their lives has produced a spinoff . In 2014 , Jacobs will reunite with Savage and Fishel , whose characters have moved on from being high school sweethearts to parents , for a Disney series called "  Girl Meets World . " Although the premise is centered on a new generation , the spinoff is a ca n't - miss for fans of "  Boy Meets World . " Strong does n't currently have an official involvement with "  Girl Meets World , " but he believes that Shawn Hunter will probably show up at some point . "  I 'm very much in conversation with Michael Jacobs , " said Strong who said he is writing and directing , not acting , at the moment . If Shawn were to make an appearance , though , he unfortunately would n't still be wearing his original famed leather jacket . Strong could n't resist taking the item -- as crucial to Shawn 's character as his long hair -- when he moved to New York after "  Boy Meets World " ended . "  I stole the jacket from the show -- Disney would n't let us take anything , but I had a leather jacket that I had bought on my own , and I swapped it , " Strong said . Ironically , the jacket was eventually stolen from his car , Strong said . Strong has great memories of the set . "  It was a ridiculously tight group of people . ... Between Ben  Savage  , Will  Friedle  , Danielle  Fishel  and me , it was like the goal of everyday became , can we please stop laughing long enough to get through this scene , because we 're having so much fun , " Strong said . Somehow , in the years since they filmed their series finale , the cast has also managed to evade the dreaded PTSS : Post Teen Stardom Syndrome . Photos : Child star transformations For that , the actor-turned-filmmaker likes to give credit to both his grounded upbringing , and another child star who did n't self-destruct : Ben 's older brother , "  The Wonder Years ' " Fred Savage . "  I always give credit to Fred Savage , because he was ahead of us and very close to us but he had been through such a high level of fame , " Strong said . "  By the time we started ` Boy Meets World , ' he was already going to Stanford . There was just this sense of : ` Hey , school 's important . Family 's important . You do n't have to be the most famous person in the world and make a crapload of money . There are more important things in life . ' "	Rider Strong starred on ABC 's "  Boy Meets World " as Shawn Hunter A boxed collection of the series is now available Strong recalls a supportive set behind-the-scenes Unfortunately , he does n't still have his character 's leather jacket
Los Angeles , California -- She 's been called "  the female Obama " by some media , and the president even paid her a visit this week to help her political fortunes . Like Barack Obama , she aspires to a lot of firsts . Kamala Harris is the daughter of a father from Jamaica and a mother from India , and she 's seeking to be the first black woman attorney general of California . If elected , Harris would be "  the first female , the first African-American , the first Asian-American attorney general in California and the first South Asian-American attorney general in the nation , " according to her campaign literature . On Friday , Harris joined the president at a Los Angeles rally at the University of Southern California , a day after he appeared at one of her fundraisers in Atherton , California . She worked on Obama 's campaign in 2008 . A Democrat , she 's now the San Francisco district attorney who 's running against Steve Cooley , a Republican who 's the Los Angeles district attorney . In a Los Angeles Times/USC poll released Friday , Cooley held a narrow lead over Harris -- 40 percent to her 35 percent -- with 17 percent of likely voters still undecided . Harris , who turned 46 on Wednesday , was born in Oakland and grew up in the liberal bastion of nearby Berkeley during its 1960s - '70s heyday . Her parents attended graduate school there , and they took Harris to many civil rights protests , instilling in her a sense of social justice . Her first name means "  lotus flower " in Sanskrit . Her mother , Shyamala Gopalan , immigrated as an adult to the United States from Chennai , Tamil Nadu state , India . She became a physician specializing in breast cancer research ; she later died of breast cancer . Her father , Donald Harris , became a Stanford University economics professor . Her parents divorced when Kamala Harris was a small girl , and her mother raised her and her sister . After attending Howard University and then the University of California Hastings College of the Law , Harris worked as a deputy district attorney in Alameda County , California , and then as an attorney in the San Francisco district attorney 's and San Francisco city attorney 's offices . She was elected district attorney in 2003 , becoming the first black woman to hold such an office in California . Her pedigree , however , is n't without political liabilities , said analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe , senior fellow at the School of Policy , Planning and Development at the University of Southern California . "  There 's a couple of obstacles that Kamala Harris faces : one , the San Francisco designation , which in the minds of many voters means soft on crime , rightly or wrongly . And two , I do believe that California voters still have a perception of a guy being stronger on the issues of law enforcement . There 's no reason , but I do think that exists still , " Jeffe said . One significant difference between Harris and Cooley is the death penalty , which Cooley supports and Harris opposes . In his campaign , Cooley has been publicizing his prosecution of eight former and current officials in Bell , California -- a public corruption case that has attracted national attention because officials in the small city allegedly misappropriated $ 5.5 million , including awarding a nearly $ 800,000 salary for the city manager . "  There is a fairly powerful Cooley spot  on television  that mentions that a cop killer was n't committed to death because of her and her policies " in San Francisco , Jeffe said . "  He 's not a rigid ideologue . He 's a pragmatist . " For her part , Harris said she would still enforce death penalty verdicts as attorney general . Her spokesman pointed out that the current attorney general , Jerry Brown , who 's running for governor , also opposes the death penalty . Harris said San Francisco 's conviction rates are at the highest level in 15 years , and as a result of her innovative initiatives , fewer repeat offenders are revolving through the criminal justice system , she said .	Kamala Harris , 46 , seek to be the first black woman attorney general in California Her mother was from India and her father is from Jamaica She 's now the San Francisco district attorney Her opponent is the Los Angeles district attorney , Steve Cooley
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A federal judge has thrown out a class action lawsuit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over the failure of levees in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina . Levees failed in several areas , flooding about 80 percent of New Orleans with water up to 20 feet deep . U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval acknowledged Wednesday that the agency failed to properly safeguard the city , but he ruled that the Corps was protected by the Flood Control Act of 1928 . It shields the federal government from liability when flood control projects fail . The Corps designed the levee system that was supposed to protect the low-lying city . But after Katrina stuck the Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 , steel-and-concrete levees eroded and failed in several areas , flooding about 80 percent of the city with water up to 20 feet deep . In 2007 , the Insurance Information Institute estimated insured losses for Katrina across Louisiana at $ 25.3 billion . In his ruling , Stanwood said the Corps deserves blame for its role in the flooding even if it ca n't be held legally responsible . "  While the United States government is immune ... it is not free , nor should it be , from posterity 's judgment concerning its failure to accomplish what was its task , " Stanwood said , lamenting his inability to take further action . "  It is hopefully within the citizens of the United States ' power to address the failures of our laws and agencies , " he said . "  If not , it is certain that another tragedy such as this will occur again . " Stanwood called the story of the Corps failure to protect New Orleans "  heart-wrenching . " "  Millions of dollars were squandered in building a levee system ... which was known to be inadequate by the Corps ' own calculations , " the ruling said . The Corps ' own studies recommended upgrades that were never implemented . Plaintiffs attorney Joseph Bruno said he intends to appeal the decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit . Bruno and other attorneys will hold a news conference Thursday in response to the ruling . Reached in Washington , Corps spokesman Gene Pawlik applauded the decision . "  We agree with the judge 's ruling and ca n't say too terribly much more because there 's other legal matters to be settled , " he said . A number of other lawsuits remain unsettled in the aftermath of Katrina . Pawlik said the Corps is doing everything it can to improve the city 's much-maligned levee system . "  We 're trying to learn from the lessons of Katrina and put the best system in place for the people of New Orleans , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge Stanwood Duval says Corps deserves blame for role in the flooding Duval rules 1928 law shields the federal government from liability over flood controls Plaintiffs attorney plans appeal , Thursday news conference
Cairo  CNN  -- Convulsions of violence followed the fierce clashes that killed dozens of people Sunday in Egypt , when Muslim Brotherhood supporters clashed with their opponents and security forces . By Tuesday , the death toll from Sunday 's violence climbed to 55 . That number could continue to rise , as some of the 250 injured could succumb to their wounds . On top of that , six Egyptian soldiers have died in attacks since Sunday . In the city of Port Said , a group of attackers shot and killed an Egyptian soldier on Tuesday , according to state-run media . And on Monday , Islamist militants in the Sinai killed five Egyptian soldiers in the town of Ismailia , state media said . In the village of Al-Tor , they set off a car bomb that killed two people and wounded 48 , state media reported . Jihadists have stepped up their assaults since Egypt 's military forcibly removed former President Mohamed Morsy from office in July . Elsewhere in the country , his supporters continue vent their anger in the streets despite the muscle government security forces have applied to suppress and disperse them . Sunday 's violence Early Sunday , Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched in different neighborhoods in Cairo and across the country . In Egypt 's capital , people swam across the Nile River to escape arrest as military armored personnel carriers supported police clearing the streets of protesters . Tear gas filled the air , and security forces with batons beat some of the protesters they detained . It was another powerful sign that Egypt 's military-backed interim government will go to almost any measure to shut down the Muslim Brotherhood 's protests . But in nearby Tahrir Square , the scene was drastically different ; throngs of people celebrated Egypt Armed Forces Day at a festive event that included dancing and fireworks . As thousands of Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched along the Nile from Old Cairo toward Tahrir , security forces blocked their path and quickly dispersed the crowd . Quelling the Muslim Brotherhood In a statement , the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party decried what it called "  crimes of violence and murder committed today against peaceful protesters . " The group also said it holds the leaders of the coup that ousted Morsy responsible . Egypt 's Interior Ministry said it had arrested 423 "  rioters " on Sunday . In September , an Egyptian court banned all activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , drawing complaints from the international community . At the United Nations General Assembly , Egypt 's interim foreign minister sought to quell these concerns . Nabil Fahmy said Egypt will hold elections in the spring . He also argued that the political process is open to all "  as long as they are committed to the renunciation of violence and terrorism and acts of incitement to them . " On Sunday , protesters from the Muslim Brotherhood said they would accept nothing less than the reinstatement of the government led by Morsy . But supporters of the military in Tahrir Square remained adamant that that should n't happen . Neither side appeared willing to compromise . Violent clashes after relative calm New Egyptian government to be in place by spring , foreign minister says CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Violence has pockmarked Egypt since Sunday 's clashes that killed dozens The death toll from those clashes now stands at 55 , with more than 250 injured Attacks on the military killed at least six soldiers on Monday and Tuesday Supporters of ousted President Morsy keep protesting despite pressure from the military
Washington  CNN  -- A House ethics investigative panel has charged a high-ranking Democratic congresswoman with violating House rules by seeking federal assistance for a bank with financial ties to her husband . According to the House ethics committee , California Rep. Maxine Waters helped arrange a meeting in September 2008 between Massachusetts-based OneUnited Bank and Treasury Department officials . OneUnited Bank ultimately received $ 12 million in bailout funds . Waters is a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee . Waters , according to a preliminary report , called then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson during the height of the financial crisis "  and requested that Treasury Department officials meet with representatives from the National Bankers Association , " an organization representating over 100 minority-owned banks . "  A meeting was in fact granted , however , the discussion at the meeting focused on a single bank -- OneUnited . Rep. Waters ' husband had been a board member of the bank from 2004 to 2008 and , at the time of the meeting , was a stock holder of the bank . " The report states that Waters approached Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , to say that she was "  in a predicament because her husband had been involved in the bank , but ` OneUnited people ' were coming to her for help . " Waters , "  according to  Frank  ... knew she should say no , but it bothered her . It was clear to  Frank  that this was a ` conflict of interest problem . ' " Frank 's advice to Waters , the report states , was to ` stay out of it . ' " According to Waters ' 2008 financial disclosure statement -- as mentioned in the report -- her husband had two investments in OneUnited at the time valued between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million . "  There is substantial reason to believe that Rep. Waters ' conduct may have violated " House rules , the report concludes . Waters , a 71-year-old 10-term Democrat representing the Watts section of Los Angeles , insists she did nothing wrong . "  I have not violated any House rules , " she said in a statement released Monday . "  I simply will not be forced to admit to something I did not do . " Waters asserted that "  the record will clearly show that in advocating on behalf of minority banks neither my office nor I benefited in any way , engaged in improper action or influenced anyone . ... The case against me has no merit . " Waters stressed that the meeting "  was requested and scheduled on behalf of the  National Bankers Association  , not on behalf of OneUnited Bank as has been suggested . " The announcement by the ethics committee means Waters may now face a trial by committee members tasked with determining whether there is "  clear and convincing evidence " she broke congressional rules . Also facing a possible ethics committee trial : Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York . Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee , has been accused of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . Both trials could take place in September -- only a few weeks before the midterm elections . The prospect of inquiries into two high-profile Democrats has compounded the fears of congressional Democrats nervous about their prospects in November . The growing likelihood of trials for Waters and Rangel also adds the explosive element of race to the political equation . Both representatives are leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus , and OneUnited Bank is one of the largest minority-owned banks in America . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Craig Broffman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Rep. Maxine Waters denies breaking any House rules Waters joins Rep. Charlie Rangel in possibly facing trial by the House ethics committee Waters is facing charges for violating House rules Waters is charged with seeking federal aid in 2008 for a bank with ties to her husband
OXFORD , England  CNN  -- You might expect Oxford and Cambridge universities to ask prospective students to compare the works of Chaucer to Boccaccio or to explain the theory of relativity . Cambridge students may have to field questions in the application process that would baffle some observers . Instead , Oxford wants to know : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " The idea , say administrators at the two ultra-prestigious schools in England , is to see how well prospective students can think , not just how much they know . "  What we 're trying to do is move students out of their comfort zone , " said Mike Nicholson , Oxford University admissions director . "  Many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview . What we want to do is take them beyond that point and get them to start thinking for themselves . " See examples of the application questions " In the United Kingdom , 90 percent of students are educated at state schools . But 53 percent of Oxford University 's students come from state schools . That seems to indicate that wealthier students who can afford private schools have an advantage . Tutoring company Oxbridge Applications -- founded by Oxford graduates in 1999 -- says 68 percent of the 35,000 clients it has helped are state-funded students . It costs $ 300 for a day of mock interviews or $ 1,500 for a full weekend course . Oxbridge says 47 percent of its clients get into one of the elite colleges . The overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools -- commonly referred to as Oxbridge -- is 24 percent , the tutoring company says . "  At Oxbridge Applications , we have a network of 500 former tutors and former admissions tutors as well , " said company founder James Uffindell . "  And we take the people that have been there and done it and help supply that information back to the people that want to go there . " Still , some of the questions seem a bit odd to the casual observer . Watch people on the street react to some brainteasers " "  It 's totally out there really , " said one passer-by interviewed on the street . "  Are they on drugs , these people in Cambridge ? " Some of the questions seem downright sinister : "  How would you poison someone without the police finding out ? " Cambridge asks . Others are perhaps downright practical : "  Instead of politicians , why do n't we let the managers of Ikea run the country ? "	Oxford asks prospective students : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " Administrators at prestigious schools say object is to get students to think Observer on the street describes questions as "  totally out there really "
CNN  -- What 's white and black , and has people fawning all over ? Meet Siku , a polar bear cub born in captivity in Denmark . The cute cub is being reared by handlers at the Scandinavian Wildlife Park because his mother is n't producing the milk to feed him . Since his birth last month , Siku has become a Web star . He has his own page on the park 's website and he 's even on Facebook . Park director Frank Vigh-Larsen says he 's stunned by the cub 's rapid transformation into an Internet sensation . Video footage posted on YouTube of Siku bottle-feeding , rolling around and snoozing has been viewed more than 2 million times in six days , he told CNN , and the cub gained thousands of friends on Facebook within the space of a few hours . As of Wednesday , at 36 days old , Siku has just opened his eyes and weighs in at 4.2 kilograms  9.2 pounds  , more than five times his initial weight , his handler said . "  He 's just a little solid cannonball , " Vigh-Larsen said . "  He 's doing well . " Such growth is a testament to the dedicated care Siku is receiving . For the first three weeks , Vigh-Larsen fed the cub every two hours -- and still feeds him every three hours , meaning the keeper gets little sleep . In the new year , two other wildlife keepers will start to care for him , too , in shifts , making sure the cub is never alone during the first 12 months of his life . Siku 's popularity comes at a time when concern over the plight of polar bears is at an peak . Corporate giant Coca-Cola recently launched a campaign in conjunction with the World Wildlife Fund to raise awareness about the threat of climate change to polar bears ' Arctic habitat . And Vigh-Larsen is determined Siku -- whose name means "  sea ice " in Greenlandic , an Eskimo language spoken in Greenland -- will thrive so he can play a role in highlighting the risk . Polar bears rely on sea ice in the Arctic to hunt . "  Siku is going to be an ambassador for polar bears , for global warming , " he said . Vigh-Larsen draws a contrast with the last polar bear cub to become an Internet star , Germany 's Knut . That bear died suddenly at age 4 last March at Zoo Berlin , to the sorrow of many worldwide who had followed the cub 's progress after he was abandoned by his mother and hand-raised by a zookeeper . The case of Knut was a disaster , Vigh-Larsen said , "  because he was only ever used for selling tickets and teddy bears . " Siku will have a different mission , he says : using his cuteness to persuade people to listen to warnings about climate change and take steps to protect their planet . It could prove a powerful weapon . The cub has already appeared on front pages of newspapers around the world and graced international TV news bulletins . New pictures will be posted on the Wildlife Park 's website Thursday , Vigh-Larsen said , with the pictures likely to win him even more fans . Vigh-Larsen also hopes that the facilities the huge park can offer will make it possible for Siku to join its four other polar bears -- including Siku 's mother -- as a normal adult male in three or four years ' time , despite being bottle-reared . This is doubly important because of a shortage of polar bears for breeding programs in captivity -- set to become ever more important as the numbers in the wild drop . Scientists believe there could be as few as 25,000 polar bears left in the world , according to Polar Bears International , a conservation group . The animals are only found in five nations : the United States  Alaska  , Russia , Norway , Canada and Greenland , the group said . In 2008 , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service listed the polar bear as threatened under the Endangered Species Act . Without action , Vigh-Larsen says , research suggests that there could be no polar bears at all in the wild within 40 years . He hopes Siku can help reverse that course .	Siku is being bottle-reared because his mother can not produce enough milk The cub is growing rapidly and has now opened his eyes , his handler says Park director Frank Vigh-Larsen wants Siku to highlight the threat to polar bears Polar bears rely on sea ice to hunt , so are vulnerable to climate change in the Arctic
CNN  -- This is a story about a guy who saved a bunch of baby bunnies , then posted the story online hopeful other people would like it . Boy did they ever . People awwww 'd so hard on Facebook his story was shared more than 9,000 times . Redditors posted multiple marriage proposals . His videos on YouTube have hundreds of thousands of views . All over a bunch of rabbits so small they did n't even fill the palm of his hand . Joshua Bisnar is a regular user of the social media site Reddit . He 's also an active-duty Navy Hospital Corpsman . Judging solely from his previous Reddit posts , one could easily come to the conclusion he regularly performs good deeds , rescues tiny creatures and gets lots of fan mail . Like this one from a second-grader named "  Kenz " who wrote about month ago , "  I bet you are amazing . ... I treasure you very much . " Kenz , you read our minds . Bisnar first got our attention earlier this week when his rescue of four orphaned rabbits made the front page of Reddit . He introduces the story this way : "  I live in Camp Pendleton , CA . And as I was raking the volleyball court at the barracks I found a dead rabbit  fully grown  . As I continued raking I found a small hole with 4 tiny tiny rabbits in it . I grabbed a box put a few old shirts into it and picked up the bunnies . I researched how to raise them and what to feed them . I made a nice box for them to live in a and bottle fed them until I could -LSB- wean -RSB- them to eat the local foods . After a couple months I brought them to a wildlife rescue because they were starting to jump out of their box . It was a lot of hard work but I loved the bunnies ... " Did you feel it ? Did you feel your icy heart melting ? For two months he fed the little critters several times a day using an eyedropper . Once the bunnies were big enough to begin jumping out of the box , he took them to a nearby wildlife sanctuary . "  It was a sad day , " he said . "  I 'm not sure what they are doing now , but I like to think they are fighting off coyotes with the sweet swords and armor I made them and living the dream in Orange County eating the freshest of grasses and meeting all sorts of sexy girl bunnies . " When asked about his recent online fame he joked , "  What I do n't like about it is that the fame is getting to my head . I have cut my friends and family off , they keep asking me for money . I see myself as a god amongst men ! " Actress Kristen Chenoweth gives animals a voice During Bisnar 's roughly seven-month tour in Afghanistan in 2012 , he posted photos of kittens he rescued and one of a tiny frog he nicknamed "  Crouton . " But as a medic deployed with the Marines , he also had his share of trauma . In one post he describes the smell of burning flesh and blood when a human is injured by an IED , "  You never forget it , " he wrote . "  We had a number of patients die on us mostly because of the massive hemorrhaging before they got to us , " he said . That has n't discouraged him from pursing a career in medicine , something he hopes to complete when he leaves the military in about 18 months . Bisnar told CNN he 's been an outgoing animal-lover , eager to talk to strangers since he was a child . And sorry Internet , he also says he eats meat . As for a plan to meet any of the men or women who expressed an interest in meeting Bisnar , he says he would love to meet new friends , but does n't quite know how to go about it . "  I ca n't just go on YouTube and be like , ` Hey babe , you said you want to get married so let 's do this damn thing . ' " Whatever he does next , we 'll be looking for updates on Reddit . See also : Why the web loves Cleveland hero Charles Ramsey	Navy corpsman rescues orphaned rabbits Image of him feeding a bunny with an eyedropper goes viral Incident happened two years ago , but he posted it recently
CNN  -- Maria Kang likes a good workout . And she is getting one after a bunch of angry women turned her into a punching bag . The 32-year-old Californian fitness enthusiast is under attack for posing for a cheeky photo and posting it on Facebook . The picture shows Kang -- who works out for 30 to 60 minutes per day , six days a week -- dressed in a workout bra and shorts that reveal an extremely toned body . She 's surrounded by her three young sons -- now 1 , 3 and 4 . Plastered overhead is a simple but loaded question : "  What 's your excuse ? " The photo went viral . It has more than 16 million views on Facebook and more than 12,000 comments . Most of the reaction has been positive ; Kang estimates that the negative comments are outnumbered by the positive ones by a ratio of 7-to-1 . The photo is provocative . And it was meant to be . But a lot of women out there were absolutely furious with Kang . "  You , as a woman , should be ashamed that you are furthering the downward spiral of how society views women , and how we women view ourselves , " scolded one blogger . Some call her obnoxious , a showoff , a bully shaming other women and worse . What 's worse ? How about getting accused of being a "  bad mother " ? That 's right . Some women had the nerve to insist that no one gets into this kind of shape without neglecting their children . Oh , do n't go there . The last thing we need is another skirmish in the "  mommy wars " where women compete to see whose maternal instincts are stronger . "  I did it because I knew it would wake people up , " Kang told me in an interview while her sons clamored for their mom 's attention in the background . "  My intention was to inspire and motivate people to get healthy . " Her point : If a mom with three children can work out , eat healthy and stay fit , what excuse is there for the rest of us ? "  It takes a lot of time to raise kids , but you have to also make time to take care of yourself , " she said . That is n't easy with Kang 's schedule . She said she cares for her three boys without a nanny in addition to creating and running a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping people get fit . She wants Americans to lead a healthier lifestyle . Her crusade is personal . She saw her mother -- whom she describes as a 52-year-old saddled with the body of a 70-year-old -- battle diabetes in her 20s , a stroke in her 30s , and a heart attack and kidney transplant in her 40s . Her mom 's health problems got Maria 's attention , and the daughter -- who admits to being a chocolate lover and "  sugarholic " -- aims to set a different example for her children . Kang said she saw a column I 'd written for CNN.com recently about so-called "  fat letters " -- missives that schools send home to parents informing them their children are overweight . I thought the letters were a bad idea . Kang disagrees . "  Parents play such an important role in teaching their kids to be active , to eat good food and stay fit , " she said . "  Not to diet . But to be healthy . " The "  fat letters " got my attention for several reasons . As the father of two young girls , I worry that someday other girls -- what Hollywood has dubbed "  Mean Girls " -- will lash out at them for their physical appearance . As someone who is attacked by the left and the right , I worry that Americans have forgotten how to talk to one another without treating every annoyance or disagreement like a seek-and-destroy mission . And as someone who is in a profession that is supposed to be about defending the little guy , I worry that bullying has become the new normal and that everyone is so eager to play the victim that they miss the irony when they start victimizing others . All these worries come together in the exasperating and yet empowering story of Maria Kang . It appears that the young mother was coming from a good place and that she was n't out to pick on anyone . Kang believes she is being a good mother , and she 's not backing down . I asked her what this experience has taught her . For one thing , she said , she had no idea that mothers could be so competitive about mothering . She recalls the woman who wrote her an angry letter trying to one-up her , asking if she had ever started a business , gotten a Ph.D. or learned another language . "  There are a lot of people who do n't take responsibility , who make excuses , who like to blame others , " she said . She 's right about that . But enough about Washington . After the government shutdown , a lot of Americans are talking about how Congress is broken . True enough . But do you know what could really stand some repair ? How Americans talk to each other , especially when they disagree . Our public dialogue has gotten personal and ugly . Maybe it 's the anonymity afforded by Twitter and other sites , where people can rip into one another in hurtful ways without revealing their identities . Or maybe it 's just more evidence of what has been , over the last few decades , a gradual coarsening of the culture . Whatever caused it , this much we know : Many Americans have forgotten their grandma 's admonition that if they ca n't say anything nice about someone , they should n't say anything at all . In the case of Kang , her critics should have said nothing at all . Join Us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Maria Kang has been criticized for posting photo of herself in bra and shorts with her sons Ruben Navarrette : Kang makes a good point about being healthy and staying fit He says Americans need to talk to each other instead of getting personal and ugly Navarrette : Kang is n't guilty of being a bully , but some of her critics are
CNN  She has a picture of an ISIS beheading on her Twitter profile page , and tweets support for the terror group from Syria . But what worries researchers the most about this woman they call "  Toronto Jane " or "  LA " is that only a few months ago , she was tweeting from Toronto . Jeff Weyers , a senior analyst with the Canadian counterterror research group iBRABO , has been tracking her movements through Syria with every tweet . "  I do n't think she knew that she was broadcasting , " Weyers said , while looking at a map of Syria with markers at every location where LA has tweeted . "  What we 're starting to see is -- with some particular types of cellphones -- they tend to broadcast , or be set up to default broadcast , more than others . " Likely unbeknownst to LA , her 100 or so tweets since November have each been geo-tagged , allowing Weyers to see her tweets : first , in Toronto , then ar Raqqah , Kobani , Aleppo and Mosul . What strikes Weyers is LA 's access to the front lines of battles between ISIS and other militant groups in Syria . He points to a tweet she posted from just outside Kobani in December , right in the middle of a battleground between ISIS and the YPG . "  Why is a female right in the center of these two groups battling it out ? " Weyers said . "  This is something we 've never seen in a female profile before . For ISIS to give her permission to be on those front lines , it would have to come from a high-up source . " Weyers tracks LA along with about 20 other Canadians in Syria who are suspected to have ties to ISIS . But to him , LA is the most fascinating because he believes she is a woman . "  The fact that she 's in these forward positions suggests that ISIS is trying to change up their strategy , or that they 're under stress in terms of some of their recent losses , " Weyers said . Indeed , LA claims to be treated with respect by ISIS . While outside Kobani , LA tweeted in December : "  Quote me : They treated me as a sister and I have seen no kindness like theirs . " But , could LA 's tweets cause her trouble in Canada ? Janice Stein , professor of conflict management at The University of Toronto , said she believes proposed Canadian legislation would allow law enforcement in the future to not only stop people who have publicly shown support for terror groups to travel abroad to fight for them , but would also give cause to arrest someone for simply voicing support for a terror group . "  It will be -- when this legislation passes -- a criminal act to support terrorism , " Stein said . "  So , that is criminalizing speech rather than behavior . That one , I bet , will be tested in the courts . " The question for Weyers and other researchers is : What is LA 's plan in Syria ? The choice between encouraging authorities to take down her Twitter feed for fear of radicalizing others is complicated by the need for her to keep tweeting so authorities and researchers can gather more intelligence on her and ISIS . Despite Weyers ' best efforts to track LA unnoticed , her Twitter account no longer exists as of last week . Twitter would not comment on whether the account was taken down by the user or by Twitter .	Canadian counterterror research group tracks woman on ISIS ' Syrian lines Until a few months ago , "  Toronto Jane " or "  LA " was tweeting from Canada
CNN  -- The Justice Department is seeking dismissal of a lawsuit by the Tampa , Florida , socialite whose complaints about threatening and anonymous e-mails set off a chain of events resulting in the resignation of CIA director David Petraeus . Jill Kelley and her husband Dr. Scott Kelley filed suit in June against the FBI , Pentagon and unnamed federal agents for allegedly violating her privacy and accessing private e-mails against their wishes . The Kelleys claim government officials wrongfully disclosed Jill Kelley 's name to the news media . Late Tuesday , the government asked that the lawsuit be dismissed because it failed to present any facts to show the FBI , Defense Department and others had violated Jill Kelley 's rights . Kelley defends reputation after scandal Former Gen. John Allen , commander of U.S. Central Command , was the first to receive an e-mail in June 2012 from a mysterious sender which referenced Kelley 's social activities . The Kelleys later received similiar e-mails , which investigators determined were sent by Petraeus ' biographer , Paula Broadwell . Petraeus resigned in November 2012 after having admitted to carrying out an extramarital affair with someone who was later revealed to be Broadwell . During the scandal , it also came to light that Kelley and Allen engaged in e-mail conversations , which anonymous officials suggested were inappropriate . Opinion : Kelley caught in the crossfire The Kelleys said Jill Kelley and Allen were friends and not romantically involved and claimed such suggestions exposed her to ridicule . A Pentagon investigation cleared Allen of wrongdoing ; he retired from the military in February . Alan Raul , an attorney representing the Kelleys , said they will continue to press their case "  so that justice can be done , and that other citizens may feel safe in coming forward to the government with evidence of crimes . " Raul said the Justice Department 's filing did n't refute the claim that government sources leaked Kelley 's name and the reputations of Kelley and her husband were damaged . U.S. Gen. John Allen to retire CNN 's Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	Socialite , husband sued , claiming her privacy was violated Justice Department asks dismissal of Jill Kelley 's suit Scandal led to resignation of CIA chief Petraeus
CNN  -- Brazil cruised into the quarterfinals of the men 's Olympic football tournament with a 100 % record , despite having a man sent off in Wednesday 's 3-0 win against New Zealand . The South Americans , five-time world champions but seeking a first gold medal at the Games , topped Group C with three victories ahead of second-placed Egypt . Striker Leandro Damiao set up midfielder Danilo for the first goal in Newcastle and then scored his second goal of the tournament , before midfielder Sandro sealed it seven minutes after halftime . Brazil , bronze medallists in 2008 , ended the match with 10 men after Alex Sandro received his second booking with 15 minutes left . Next up will be Honduras , who went through in second place from Group D following a 0-0 draw with Japan -- who finished top and will next face Egypt . Will Brazil finally win Olympic gold ? European champions Spain managed a first point but still finished bottom after drawing 1-1 with Morocco . Egypt ended Belarus ' hopes of a place in the last eight with a 3-1 victory , as the Pharaohs bounced back from the earlier draw with New Zealand . Needing a win to go through , Mohamed Salah , Marwan Mohsen and Mohamed Aboutrika scored in the second half before substitute Andrei Voronkov headed a late consolation . Hosts Great Britain will take on South Korea after finishing top in Group A thanks to a 1-0 win over Uruguay . Needing just a draw to go through , a goal from Chelsea striker Daniel Sturridge ended the South American champions ' participation . Senegal took second place in Group A following a 1-1 draw against United Arab Emirates . Striker Moussa Konate scored his fourth goal of the tournament with a header just after halftime to ensure a quarterfinal clash against Mexico , with Ismail Matar having netted in the first period for UAE . Mexico topped Group B after a 1-0 win over Switzerland in Cardiff , as striker Oscar Peralta scored the only goal in the 69th minute . South Korea had to settle for second following a goalless draw with Gabon at Wembley . In the women 's tournament , defending champions the United States will play New Zealand in the quarterfinals on Friday . Brazil , the runners-up in 2008 , will face Japan while Sweden take on France and Britain host Canada . Team GB , playing in the women 's event for the first time , finished top of Group E after beating Brazil 1-0 on Sunday .	Brazil to play Honduras in quarterfinals of men 's Olympic football tournament Leandro inspires 3-0 win over New Zealand to give South Americans a 100 % record Egypt took second place in Group C to earn last eight clash with Japan Hosts Britain also go through with Senegal , South Korea and Mexico
CNN  -- Marriage , any good therapist will tell you , is a balancing act . For Angela and Willie Gillis , the act is easy . They 've been best friends for more than 10 years , married for three . Their individual strengths balance the other 's weaknesses . They credit this sense of balance with helping them lose a combined 500 pounds . "  Everyone needs that one person to help them through , to talk to and someone who will hold them accountable . That person has been my husband , " Angela writes on her blog , WeBeatFat.com . A few days before their first wedding anniversary , Willie woke up and told his wife , "  I 'm tired of being big . " He had just gotten back from visiting his newborn goddaughter and was scared he might not live long enough to see her grow up . "  For years I had been reading up on ` This is how you lose weight -- nutrition , exercise , ' " he says . "  I wanted to see if I could do it . " That was January 2011 . He weighed 492 pounds . Couple 's 500-pound weight loss just one success story His wife did n't have to think long about joining him in his quest . Growing up , she never thought she had a problem . "  You know how  New Jersey  Gov.  Chris  Christie said , ` I 'm the healthiest fat person ' ? That 's how I was , " she remembers . She was fairly active , but she loved food . If she was happy , she ate . If she was sad , she ate . If she had the best day of her life , she ate chili cheese tater tots . By January 2011 , she weighed 338 pounds . Willie had recently moved to Angela 's hometown of Beaumont , Texas -- a city so enamored with fried food and lazy summer days that it was named the fifth most obese city in the nation in 2012 . Even in the growing population , the two felt ostracized by their size . "  It 's amazing how people will look at you when you 're fat , " she says . "  We just did n't want to be those people anymore . " Memphis , most obese U.S. city , moving from fit to fat So , her husband took out his research and created a plan . The couple started hitting the gym six days a week . At first , all they could do was walk 30 minutes on the treadmill . Slowly they increased their time , until she was running and he had walked off almost 150 pounds . In the kitchen , Angela was the expert . She loves to cook and quickly learned to make healthier versions of the couple 's favorite meals . The Gillises started eating a solid breakfast of steel cut oats and fruit or veggie omelets . They packed diet-friendly frozen meals for lunch and low-calorie snacks like yogurt , carrots and apples . Dinner was -- and still is -- lean meats and vegetables . "  We have n't had fried food in two years , " she says . That does n't mean they do n't give in to cravings on occasion . Willie used an iPhone app to track his calories and saved a few every day for a weekend treat . Angela had to continually ask herself if she was eating something because she loved it or because she just loved eating . Through it all , they kept each other accountable . "  I never wanted to come home and say , ` This is what I did today , ' because I did n't want to disappoint him , " she says . "  And he did n't want to disappoint me . " Eating out was their biggest obstacle . Even light restaurant meals can be loaded with sodium and fat . It did n't bother the Gillises to go out and not eat anything , but it bothered the people they were with . "  Most of the memories we had with our friends  were  sitting down , going out to eat , " she remembers . "  Food is a very social thing . " They ended up isolating themselves a bit , and met new friends through their gym . They took photos of their progress , seeing a visible change each month as they weighed in . Life for the Gillises is now full of activity . She teaches spin classes at the gym and recently completed a half marathon . She 's lost 200 pounds , going from a size 28 to a size 0 . "  I 'm stronger . I believe more . I go after things I want more . I was never , ever a risk taker , but now I take the risk , " she says . Willie joined a local running club . He has lost 300 pounds and gained a world of self-confidence . "  A lot of people give up -- they end up quitting because they 're not doing something right . You have to take what you messed up on and try to make it work for you , " he says . "  Once you learn it , it does n't take much to keep it going . "	Willie and Angela Gillis weighed 492 and 338 pounds respectively Through diet and exercise , the couple dropped more than 500 pounds They credit their strong relationship with helping them lose weight
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI and the Secret Service are investigating another incident involving a website that has divulged purported personal information about senior U.S. government officials and celebrities . This time it is the new Secret Service director . A website posted information allegedly about Julia Pierson , who was named in March to head the agency charged with protecting the president and other top-level government officials . The Secret Service would not comment beyond acknowledging it is looking into the matter . The FBI would not say whether the information on the Internet , including Social Security and financial data , was accurate nor would they say whether investigators believe those materials were obtained by hacking . As with some past reports on other people , it appeared that some of the information for Pierson is dated . For instance , it lists a Florida address although she has lived and worked in the Washington area for years . Other information allegedly linked to the Secret Service director included a credit report , bank and mortgage information , and retail credit cards , including Macy 's , Sears and Home Depot . The website , which CNN is not naming , has posted materials in the past claiming to belong to an assortment of public figures . These include first lady Michelle Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Attorney General Eric Holder and FBI Director Robert Mueller . The site also posted alleged personal information about a number of celebrities , including Lady Gaga , Beyonce , George Clooney , and Tiger Woods . Earlier , the Secret Service confirmed it was investigating the incidents involving Obama , Clinton and Biden . The FBI said it was investigating those cases as well as those involving celebrities . No arrests have been announced .	Website has posted purported personal information about top U.S. officials and celebrities Names include Vice President Biden , former Secretary of State Clinton , and George Clooney Latest name on site is new Secret Service Director Julia Pierson FBI and Secret Service are investigating
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush was admitted Saturday to a hospital in Texas for routine tests , a spokeswoman said . "  Mrs Bush is in for some routine tests , not an emergency of any kind , " said Jim Appleby , spokesman for former President George H.W. Bush . The former first lady was taken to Methodist Hospital in Houston , Texas . She had not been feeling well for about a week , said Jean Becker , the chief of staff for Bush 's husband . Bush , 84 , is expected to stay at the hospital for a day or two , Becker said . Details on the testing were not immediately available . Becker , the chief of staff for former President George H.W. Bush , said her hospitalization is "  not serious at all . " Last year , Bush underwent open-heart surgery during which doctors replaced her aortic valve with a biologic valve . She spent nine days in the hospital afterward . Her recent hospitalization is "  not related " to the surgery , Becker said . In November 2008 , Bush underwent surgery for a perforated ulcer . CNN 's Leslie Tripp and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Barbara Bush hospitalized in Houston after feeling ill for week , spokeswoman said Former first lady to undergo routine tests , hospitalization not considered serious Bush had open heart surgery last year
CNN  -- A call for Smurfs brought together 1,253 dressed-up-in-blue people in County Monaghan , Ireland . A 4,703-pound cheesecake rolled out in Mexico City . A 7-year-old Michigan boy made a ball of plastic wrap that 's 11 feet across . Anthony Victor of India has hair measuring 7.12 inches sprouting from the center of his outer ears . Meanwhile , in Ellensburg , Washington , 13-year-old Brenden Adams is having a hard time fitting into cars . At 7 feet 4.6 inches , Adams -- who as a kindergartner was taller than his teacher -- has made it into the Guinness World Records 2010 book , released Thursday , as the tallest teenage boy . It 's a stature he said was earned simply because his 12th chromosome split in half . And while the height has its perks -- "  You do n't get picked on as much " -- he wishes strangers would n't stare . "  I 'm another person , just like everybody else , " said Adams , who does n't play basketball -- two knee replacements insured that -- and prefers to hang out with friends , camp and ride dirt bikes . The tallest teenage boy is one of about 4,000 records listed in this year 's book -- a number that accounts for a mere 10 percent of all the mind-blowing stats that make up the Guinness World Records database , said Stuart Claxton , a spokesman for the organization that began publishing feats in 1955 . See more world record holders From the obscure  Most balloons inflated with a nose ? 308  to the old standbys  Lucia Zarate , who died in 1890 , still holds the record for lightest adult at 4.7 pounds  , it 's the reference-book gift that keeps on giving . So why would someone set out to spend the most time in a bumper car  record : 24 hours  , or solve the most Rubik 's Cubes in one hour  record : 185  ? "  It 's an innate part of our psyche as human beings to explore how far we can push the boundaries , " said Claxton , who 's been with Guinness World Records since 2000 . "  We 're intrigued by extremes in our daily life " and by "  the things we 're not familiar with . " iReport.com : Follow updates on "  Le Grande Bebe " Jake Lonsway of Bay City , Michigan , was only 6 when high school students in his area set out to assemble the largest group of people wearing Groucho Marx glasses . A snowstorm killed the attempt , but the idea of setting a record became an obsession for the young boy , his mom Julie Grames said . "  I told him , ` We 'll get a bunch of books , and we 'll see if there 's anything we can do , ' " she said . Building a ball of plastic wrap was where they landed . And what started with a softball-sized ball grew and grew and grew into a 281-pound monstrosity , earning Lonsway , now 9 , a spot in this year 's record book . "  It does take up a nice corner of the garage , " Grames said with a laugh . And when people comment on how "  cool " it is , she said her husband 's response is always the same : "  You want it ? Take it . " iReport.com : Massive chess board with human pieces Claxton , of Guinness , has seen everything from the innocuous to the extreme and dangerous . He 's watched a motorcycle rider crash -- and survive -- trying to outdo the ramp-to-ramp distance jump , just one of the "  pushing the envelope " moments that helped him "  realize just how out there the world of record breaking can be , " he said . Some images might be hard to take in at first . "  Over 1,000 piercings in the human body is something you have to get used to looking at , " Claxton said . And while the most tattooed man -- 99 percent of his body is covered -- "  may not be my cup of tea , " he said that when it comes to categories there 's something for everyone . Lee Redmond , 68 , of Salt Lake City , Utah , earned the top berth for longest fingernails after not cutting them from 1979 onward . As of the last record-setting measurement , her nails were 28-foot long in total , the longest being her left index fingernail that came in at 3-foot , Claxton said . But a car accident in February of this year left her nails broken and her hands much freer , the Guinness spokesman said . iReport.com : World 's largest rocking chair ? "  They were such a part of her , " he said , before describing Redmond 's attitude as "  very stoic , " and her take on the broken nails this way : "  If something like that had to happen , it had to happen . Someone somewhere had decided enough is enough . " This year 's book release includes a look at the top 100 records of this century 's first decade , Claxton added , as well as beefed up offerings on the Guinness World Records Web site , which is also where wannabe record holders can find out how to compete and get recognized -- if not now , then in the next book 's edition . Since the current record-holding Smurfs gathered in Ireland and after the 2010 book went to press , for example , 2,510 ambitious blue ones amassed in a nightclub in Wales . iReport.com : Large gathering of "  Waldos " Does Claxton have his own eyes on a record prize ? "  I want to spin a quarter for the longest time possible , " he said , adding that the current record is 19.34 seconds . "  That 's the one I want to get . "	1,253 Smurfs gather in Ireland , find place in Guinness World Records 2010 book Released Thursday , the record book lists 4,000 eyebrow-raising tidbits "  I 'm another person , just like everybody else , " tallest teenage boy says Woman who grew fingernails for about 30 years loses them in car accident
CNN  -- Long , slow-moving lines stretched around polling stations across New York City a week after Superstorm Sandy 's fury threatened to keep many citizens from voting . "  It 's inspiring to see so many people up and out to vote already , " said one woman at a makeshift polling station in Brooklyn established to replace regular precinct locations made unusable by storm damage . While inspiring to some , the long wait to cast a ballot was frustrating for others . Cold intensifies misery for Sandy victims Gov. Andrew Cuomo 's last-minute decree that any voter could vote at any precinct , intended to help those displaced by Sandy , made it "  a little insane right now " at the polling station at Public School 41 in Greenwich Village , a poll coordinator there told CNN Tuesday afternoon . "  So we have everybody coming in from everywhere , " said the coordinator , a Republican who asked not to be named . "  It was for displaced people , but others are taking advantage of it . " The affidavit ballots these people cast take longer to process , she said . Technology changes voting process Another reason for slower voting is that the city adopted a new system of machines that scan paper ballots , replacing the levers of the old-style voting machines , she said . Voters must stand in two lines now : One for filling out the ballot and a second for scanning it . "  Today is an interesting day , " New York City Elections Commissioner J.C. Polanco said . In some cases , three or four voting sites were consolidated into one location because of Sandy damage , Polanco said . That means 3,000 or 4,000 voters potentially standing in the line instead of just 1,000 , he said . Heavy turnout reported "  We 'd ask the patience and tolerance of New Yorkers , " Cuomo said during an afternoon news conference . "  This is a critical election . I believe this country , this state , has many important issues it 's facing . Whatever your preference today , please vote and exercise your right . " The New York City Board of Elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling locations serving 143,000 voters across all five boroughs because of damage from Sandy . Long lines , sporadic snags New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said late deliveries of polling equipment occurred in some areas and at least one site did not have enough gas to keep electric generators going . "  I know many people are encountering long lines at the polls , " he said . "  Be patient . It 's part of the process . " At one temporary polling station inside a Brooklyn school , which was also used as a shelter for residents displaced by last week 's storm , one man said the long line was too much for him Tuesday morning . "  I 've got time in the afternoon , but right now I do n't , " he told CNN . "  But I 'll be back to make the wait . " Voters in some New York counties could get an extra day to cast ballots if disruptions caused by Sandy prevent enough citizens from showing up at the polls , a state official said Sunday . Opinion : Rethinking grid dependence County election officials could ask the state Board of Elections to allow polling places to reopen for another day if Tuesday 's turnout is less than 25 % , according to board spokesman Thomas Connolly . The state board would consider the request and , if approved , a second day of voting would be scheduled within 20 days of Tuesday , he said . Polls would be open for 11 hours on the second day , with only those who were eligible to vote on Tuesday allowed to cast ballots . How to help victims of Sandy CNN 's Josh Levs , Chris Boyette and Alina Cho contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Today is an interesting day , " New York City 's elections commissioner says "  It 's inspiring to see so many people up and out to vote , " one woman says "  We have everybody coming in from everywhere , " a poll coordinator says The city Board of Elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling locations
CNN  -- A 14-year-old Saudi girl is the latest confirmed case of the sometimes deadly MERS virus , the WHO said Wednesday . To date , the World Health Organization has been informed of 54 cases , including 30 deaths . The Saudi health ministry told the agency that the girl became ill on May 29 . She is in stable condition . Your MERS questions answered Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus , or MERS , acts like a cold virus and attacks the respiratory system , the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Coronaviruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS , or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , as well as a variety of animal diseases . 5 things to know Health officials do not yet know much about how the newly discovered virus spreads , which makes it hard for scientists to prevent infections , Chan said . The WHO is calling for the world to pull together its resources to study and tackle the virus . Deadly MERS-CoV virus spreads to Italy Opinion : Why MERS virus is so scary	The girl is in stable condition To date , the WHO has been informed of 54 cases , including 30 deaths
Almost two years ago , Philadelphia launched its Healthy Chinese Take-out Initiative with the goal of reducing sodium content by 10 % to 15 % . The city 's Public Health Department worked with 206 restaurants , first evaluating their menus for sodium content and then helping them choose ingredients and develop recipes with less sodium . One way found to reduce sodium was for restaurants to cut the use of commercially prepared sauces and instead make their own . After nine months , the initiative analyzed two popular dishes from 20 participating restaurants to see what changed . The result ? A 20 % reduction in sodium , more than the project 's goal . It 's one thing to choose how much salt to add to your food when you eat . It 's another to live with decisions made by those who prepare your food before it makes it to the table . It 's not a question of just putting down the salt shaker . The vast majority of sodium consumed in the United States comes from processed and restaurant foods . Americans eat out , on average , almost five times a week , and restaurant foods make up a surprisingly high percentage of sodium in the American diet . On average , food from fast-food restaurants contains about 1,850 milligrams of sodium per 1,000 calories and food from sit-down restaurants has nearly 2,100 milligrams per 1,000 calories . Many restaurant meals have twice that many calories or more . Toddler meals swimming in salt U.S. dietary guidelines recommend limiting sodium to less than 2,300 milligrams a day -- and about six in 10 adults should further limit sodium to 1,500 milligrams a day . Excess sodium can lead to high blood pressure , a major contributor to heart disease and stroke . An article published Thursday by scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , "  From Menu to Mouth : Opportunities for Sodium Reduction in Restaurants , " offers strategies that reduce sodium in restaurant food . Restaurants can provide nutrition information at the point of purchase to give consumers the option to make healthier choices . They can also create group purchasing organizations to save on bulk purchases of lower-sodium ingredients . Health departments can make dietitians available to assist restaurants with nutrition support . It all boils down to : reduce , replace , reformulate . When restaurants rethink how they prepare food and the ingredients they use , the healthy choice becomes the easy one for the customer . The story in Philadelphia shows it can be done . The CDC collaborates with the food industry to reduce sodium in the food supply and provides technical assistance for this important work . We monitor programs to see what 's working in sodium reduction as well as broader blood pressure control initiatives through Million Hearts , the national public-private effort to prevent 1 million heart attacks and strokes over the next five years . And we share that information through papers such as the one published Thursday . Reducing sodium in restaurant and prepared foods is n't about reducing choice -- just the opposite . By reducing sodium in the foods you buy , companies put control into your hands . After all , it 's easy to add salt if you want to , but not to take it out if it 's there .	Philadelphia 's sodium-reducing initiative is a success story , CDC 's Dr. Tom Frieden says Processed and restaurant foods make up majority of sodium consumed in U.S. , he says CDC chief : Restaurants can rethink how they prepare food and ingredients used
CNN  -- It was a difficult choice : the apple pie or the New York-style cheesecake ? Both sat in front of me , looking succulent on separate plates , on the counter at Liberty Pies & Cakes in Madrid . I pushed my coffee aside to study this opportunity . We were in the middle of filming a report about Burton Novack , an American expat in Madrid whom you might call an unusual entrepreneur . In the midst of Spain 's economic crisis , he opened a shop two years ago to make and sell American-style pies and cakes . Unusual because he 's an octogenarian . He looks pretty fit . He says he still plays tennis . He certainly still drives because I took a ride in his car from the shop to his office , where I met his large parrot . "  I said , ` why do n't I go after that making apple pies and cherry pies and things like that . Of course I really did n't know anything about how to do it , ' " Novack said . Read more : Spain 's tourism boom keeps troubled country partying But he knows about business . He built a successful engineering firm over decades , with projects for the nuclear power and automotive industries , among others . His oldest son now runs Liberty Pies from a sleek office in central Madrid , which also serves as the pie firm 's administrative hub . The company is nearly making a profit , even as 200,000 small businesses have closed in the crisis . Novack is n't the typical young entrepreneur the Spanish government aims to help with a new law to make it easier to open a business . Watch more : Spain is betting on exports But even without the help , the pie shop has created seven jobs , in a nation with soaring unemployment . Novack says job creation is the way to economic recovery . His key hire seems to be a veteran pastry chef who formerly worked at an American-style pie shop in Madrid that closed years ago . The chef , David Mota , demonstrated in the kitchen how his small team -- an assistant chef and a kitchen aide -- prepare the crusts and fillings for the pies . Novack insists they can make just about any kind of fruit pie . Read more : Europe 's politicians tackle unemployment "  The labor market has been squeezed so tight , " Novack said , "  they  the government  have to find a way to give work to the people because if the people do n't have any money , there 's little they can buy . " "  Of course , in a moment when things are like this , " Novack added , "  even restaurants are wanting to offer something that will attract the attention of their clients and our products do . " Sixty five percent of the desserts are sold and delivered to upscale restaurants and hotels . Novack personally convinced each of these big clients , and we went along for the pastry delivery to the Hotel AC Aitana on Madrid 's main boulevard . "  We improve our buffet with the pies , " said Hugo Vazquez , food and beverage manager at the hotel , "  because the American guests try to find American products in Spain . " His shop , in northern Madrid , is decorated with images of Hollywood icons like Marilyn Monroe and Kirk Douglas , along with bright red restaurant stools and other furniture made in St. Louis , Missouri , where Novack was born . Novack plans more expansion , even while he 's worried about his own waistline . "  I should be fatter because I taste and eat a lot of pies and cakes , " Novack said . Which brings us back to my choice . Clearly , I would n't be able to have an objective opinion about the apple pie or the cheese cake unless I tried them . So for the sake of the story , I dug in . Research is research . And it persuaded me that American-style desserts can come out quite well , even when prepared far from their normal settings . Novack politely interrupted our conversation to take another call on his mobile phone . He says he 's just lined up 10 more hotels to take his pies . Despite the economic crisis , his phone keeps ringing .	Liberty Pies & Cakes founder Burton Novack says job creation is the way to economic recovery Novack 's key hire is a veteran pastry chef who formerly worked at an American-style pie shop in Madrid The company is nearly making a profit , even as 200,000 small businesses have closed in the crisis
CNN  -- Today 's hotel bathrooms are more than the sum of their sinks and shower heads . They serve as ultimate sanctuaries , providing the comforts of home or transporting guests to another realm . "  We 're seeing more attention to details , " says Kathleen Dauber , a partner at Hirsch Bedner Associates , the world 's largest hotel-design company . In addition to technological innovations , such as TV screens that turn into mirrors when you approach them , Dauber sees a trend of pulling back on furnishings to make way for open areas . "  Space is luxury , " she says . Fresh air and natural light are prized commodities , as are stunning views of skylines or natural landscapes . Fragmentation of areas within the room according to function is popular , such as separating the salle de bain from the toilet . And curating regional aesthetics and incorporating interesting materials is also top of mind ; local supplies and recycled construction resources are layered with classically opulent stone , glass , wood and other substances . Here are ten hotel bathrooms that cohesively balance utility and beauty . Song Saa , Cambodia Song Saa , on a private island in southern Cambodia , has generous terrazzo composite-stone bathtubs placed strategically to afford views of each room 's individual infinity pool and the Gulf of Thailand . Playing to its natural setting , the property created its rustic-chic vanities from driftwood and recycled timbers and incorporated sustainable materials like bamboo into items such as the towel rails . The wooden statues from the hill tribes of the Ratanakiri province in northern Cambodia provide a local touch that counterbalances the Australian Aesop body products . Rooms start at $ 1,117  all-inclusive  . Park Hyatt Vienna Opened in June , Park Hyatt Vienna has a Presidential Suite that comes with a grand marble bathroom containing a striking lapis lazuli wall and a walk-in rain shower . But the real showstopper is the gilded bath , reminiscent of the sensual paintings of hometown artist Gustav Klimt . Illuminated by a tiered chandelier , the golden vessel turns the everyday act of bathing into an artistic ritual . Rooms start at $ 510 . Departures : Hotels with gorgeous views 21c Cincinnati As the name suggests , 21c Museum Hotels mixes boutique accommodations with stupendous collections of contemporary art under one roof . Its 156-room Cincinnati property married designs by starchitect Deborah Berke with local craftsmanship : It commissioned Rookwood Pottery , the city 's heritage ceramic producer whose roots date back to 1880 , to manufacture Berke 's whimsical bathroom tiles that mimic ears , lips , breasts and other body parts . The result is an elegantly simple bathroom with bright white interiors that , upon closer inspection , surprises with cheeky twists . Rooms start at $ 300 . Andaz Peninsula Papagayo Resort , Costa Rica Designed by local talent Ronald Zurcher , this Costa Rican retreat engages with its natural surroundings and local traditions . The bathroom 's spacious walk-in rain shower opens to the balcony , effortlessly bringing in the pristine Costa Rican outdoors . The floors feature rocks and pebbles from the area and textiles and artifacts from local artisans , paying homage to the folk traditions of the Guanacaste province . Rooms start at $ 450 . Departures : Signature hotel desserts Four Seasons Resort Langkawi Situated inside a UNESCO geopark of rainforests and dramatic cliffs , the 91 pavilions and villas of Four Seasons Resort Langkawi blend Malay , Arabic and South Asian architectural stylesâ $ " and nowhere is the beautiful mÃ © lange more evident than in its guest bathrooms . Featuring soaring arches , bright skylights and outdoor soaking tubs in private gardens , the little personal spas incorporate Arabic flourishes , Malay artifacts , ornate wooden screens and handcrafted hanging mirrors finished with antique patinas . Rooms start at $ 540 . The Viceroy , New York In Suite 57 , the penthouse crown jewel of New York 's Viceroy hotel , Paonazzo marble is used so generously that even the oversized soaking tub is made of the classic material that was favored among designers in the early 20th century . Drawing from the luxurious design elements of the hotel lobby and the suite itself , the master bathroom features an original collection of lighting fixtures and hand-perforated brass hardware . A highlight ? The sweeping views of Central Park from the sprawling dual shower . $ 5,500 a night . Departures : Lush hotel patios and gardens The Ritz-Carlton , Bahrain Hotel & Spa At the Ritz-Carlton , Bahrain Hotel & Spa , you may be drawn to the walk-in power showers by Jacob Delafon of Paris or the overflow infinity-style Jacuzzi from Kohler or the glass walls overlooking a sun-soaked garden . But it 's the subtle touches that really delight , such as the discreet palm-leaf motif that is embossed in a gypsum frieze around the room and is visible when illuminated at night . Rooms start at $ 280 . Point Yamu by COMO , Phuket , Thailand Paola Navone designed Point Yamu by COMO , which is slated to open in September . The bathrooms in the Bay Suites combine deep-blue tiles , clean lines , hanging light fixtures and varied textures to create a vibrant atmosphere . Made with 95 percent local resources , including natural wood , the ceramic-intense rooms make a bold , clean statement with touches of nature . Bay Suites start at $ 280 . Departures : The hotel suites to book in New York The Oberoi , Dubai The executive chairman of the Oberoi Group was directly involved in designing every detail of its Dubai outpost . Employing uncluttered lines and classic marble , the guest bathrooms demonstrate sophisticated restraint . The most notable features is the floor-to-ceiling windows that display breathtaking uninterrupted views of the Dubai skyline , including the Old City and the iconic Burj Khalifa . Rooms start at $ 790 . Hoshino Resorts KAI Aso , Japan Bathing in hot-spring water is an essential part of staying at a ryokan , a Japanese inn , and Hoshino Resorts KAI Aso , at the foothills of an active volcano , updates the cleansing ritual to new heights . Every villa on the six-and-a-half-acre property is equipped with a private outdoor tub on a terrace that juts into the surrounding verdant forest , allowing guests to poach mineral-rich volcanic water from the mountains . Unspoiled air , natural light , infinite space and breathtaking views : Some traditions deserve to be trendy . Rooms start at $ 770  including breakfast and kaiseki dinner  . Departures : Airport spas © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Hotel bathrooms are getting a fashion upgrade with elegant design and amazing views Song Saa island in Cambodia offers stone bathtubs with a view of the Gulf of Thailand The Viceroy 's bathroom offers sweeping views of Central Park from the sprawling dual shower Park Hyatt Vienna has a show-stopping gilded bath
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- In 17 years working at CNN I 've worked on countless breaking news stories , from earthquakes and hurricanes to the 2011 tsunami that devastated Japan . But nothing prepared me for what I 've seen in the past few days in my own country -- the Philippines . As Super Typhoon Haiyan weaved its destructive path across the east of the country more than a week ago , I was drafted in to help with our coverage as the network scrambled into action . It had only been nine months since I 'd left my newsroom job in the United States to join our corporate offices in Hong Kong , but I quickly found myself in the city of Tacloban , one of the hardest hit areas , with my CNN colleagues . I am not used to being in the field , so to deal with this difficult assignment in my own backyard , I had to shut down . Offering all they have We wasted no time . We walked to a village nearby where we met Juanito Martinez . He was gathered with two of his friends in a shack , not far from the city 's battered airport . Juanito looked at me with a smile and asked , "  Have you eaten yet ? Come eat ! " I was astonished that his first words to me were to find out if I was hungry -- despite all that was happening around us . Juanito and his friends were squatting under a few pieces of overlapping corrugated metal sheets reinforced only by broken tree trunks and pieces of wood . They had little to offer as they 'd lost everything . A bowl of rice and a pot of boiled noodles was all they could muster on their makeshift table . But that 's Filipino hospitality . Even at our lowest moments we offer all that we have . Juanito proceeded to tell us his story . He was very matter of fact . "  My wife and daughter died in the storm , " he said . He pointed behind to where their remains still lay . In a gentle tone he added , "  I just want to know where their bodies will be taken so I can light a candle for them . " That was it . That was his only request . Juanito looked at me again and smiled . He repeated his invitation , "  Come eat ! " When it started to rain again I looked around me . There was not a single house left standing . There was nowhere to seek shelter . The entire area was completely flattened and littered with debris and the occasional body of another tragic victim . I could n't imagine how people managed to survive day after day , night after night . People lined up in droves at the airport to get out of typhoon-ravaged Tacloban . One woman told me , "  I have nothing left here . There is nothing left here . So we are leaving . " But others chose to stay behind . Some did not have a choice . ` Tsunami ' shock Many of those we talked to said they thought it was just another storm -- the usual heavy rainfall and strong winds they were so used to . So they stayed home . But it was the unexpected storm surge that destroyed and killed . Some called it a tsunami . One woman told us the water went as high as a five-meter tree . Whispering in short phrases , she described how the water rose quickly and swept her four-month-old baby and her three-year-old from her arms . I 'm a mother too and thought about my own children . I could not wait to hold them in my arms . Everyone had a story to tell : the little girl who waited patiently with her mother at the airport , the young mother who lost her husband , six children , mother and siblings . And then there was the man who wanted to end his life because his beloved wife and two daughters died in the storm . Courage But amid the widespread grief and despair , it was the extraordinary courage of my fellow Filipinos in Tacloban that struck me most . On our final day in Tacloban , I saw a group of people walking back to town . A man looked up to the sky and asked out loud , "  How much longer ? How much longer ? " I wished I had an answer for him . There was little I could do , little that I could give . I only had some cereal bars and crackers in my backpack that I gave away to people at the airport before I got on a plane back to Manila . I eventually arrived back in the capital to numerous emails , texts , and messages on my cellphone and on my Facebook page from family and friends . I was overwhelmed by the outpouring of support , their willingness to help . I was seeing first-hand how my fellow Filipinos were coming together before my eyes -- organizing and volunteering . I have lived overseas for almost two decades but my return to the Philippines allowed me to witness Filipinos at their worst and best . The Filipino spirit is alive among us . Mom 's desperate bid to find family Amphibious ships join relief effort Golfer Jason Day loses eight relatives	An expat Filipino , Armie Jarin-Bennett returned to her native land after Typhoon Haiyan "  To deal with this difficult assignment in my own backyard , I had to shut down . " She was struck by the resilience of her countrymen despite the challenges Many chose not to heed warnings to evacuate , thinking the storm would not be as severe
CNN  -- His appointment at Bayern Munich was regarded as a something of coup , but less than a year after his arrival in Bavaria the first cracks have appeared in the relationship between Pep Guardiola and the German club . Widely regarded as the best coach in the world , Guardiola joined Bayern last year armed with a footballing philosophy that had brought him world domination during his time at Barcelona . The Spaniard quickly guided Bayern to victories in the club World Cup and the UEFA Super Cup , before securing the German Bundesliga title in record-breaking speed . But after crashing out of the Champions League at the semifinal stage to Real Madrid this week in humiliating fashion , the Spaniard 's possession-based style of football has come under criticism . "  If we do n't win , it does not help me when Bayern Munich 's chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and sporting director Matthias Sammer , are backing me , " Guardiola told reporters Friday . "  If we lose I 'm a risk for the club . It 's a big club and you always have to win . If this does n't happen , the club may decide something else . " Perhaps more worryingly for Guardiola , honorary president Franz Beckenbauer openly expressed his exasperation after Bayern 's Champions League exit . "  Bayern are not right , " Beckenbauer , who both played for and managed Bayern , told Spanish newspaper Marca . "  This is something that we have known for weeks . The disappointment is huge . " But Guardiola is adamant he will not alter his approach , insisting it is down to Bayern to decide if they want him to continue as manager . "  The club must decide whether the coach is the right man for this team , " said the 43-year-old Spaniard . Bayern 's 4-0 home defeat by Real raised questions that Guardiola 's team is too tactically predictable . "  I 'm a strong person . There was lot of criticism but that 's the nature of the beast . Criticism is normal , " Guardiola said . "  I ca n't train the players with other coaches ' ideas . Even after the defeat -LSB- against Madrid -RSB- I 'm confident in my own ideas . "  Next season , we will play 100 % with my ideas . I ca n't coach this club or its players without believing in my ideas . " Guardiola says he is already planning for life in Munich next season , when he will be hoping to repeat his success on the domestic front , while going those extra steps further in Europe . Despite the setback in Europe , Guardiola could yet win a fourth trophy this season with Bayern playing Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final on May 17 . Later Friday , Karl Hopfner was elected as the new president of the Bavarian giants , succeeding Uli Hoeness , who will serve a three and a half year jail term for tax fraud . Hoeness , who was at the meeting ahead starting his sentence , received a standing ovation from the club members and hinted he would return once he is a free man . "  I made a huge mistake and I will accept that . When I return , I am not going to retire , " said the 62-year-old Hoeness , who was found guilty of evading $ 39.5 million of taxes at a trial earlier this year . Hopfner , who is 61 , has spent over 30 years in a series of senior positions at Bayern .	Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich must decide if he is right coach for job Guardiola has faced criticism recently for his tactics The Spaniard wants to stay at Bayern for next season Karl Hopfner succeeds Uli Houness as Bayern club president
HLN  Nick Gordon , romantic partner of Bobbi Kristina Brown , sat down recently with Dr. Phil McGraw for his first on-camera interview since Whitney Houston 's daughter was rushed to the hospital in January after being found face down in her bathtub . The interview aired Wednesday on NBC . When his team traveled to Atlanta and initially approached Gordon about the interview , Dr. Phil says they found him in a hysterical state . Video showed an intoxicated Gordon crying and mumbling about missing Krissy , as Brown 's family calls her . Brown was found unresponsive in her Roswell , Georgia , home on January 31 and remains hospitalized . Authorities say they 're approaching her case as a criminal investigation . See more : Who 's who : Bobbi Kristina 's small family circle Dr. Phil first spoke with Nick Gordon 's mother , Michelle Gordon , who said her son had admitted to her his desire to take his own life . Even though she 's never known him to abuse drugs or alcohol in the past , she said she has recently spoken to her son on the phone when he appeared to be drunk or high . "  He has blamed himself for -LSB- Krissy -RSB- being in the condition that she 's in , he 's torn up by that , " Michelle Gordon told Dr. Phil . "  He 's dealing with it by drinking . I 've begged him to stop . " She said repeatedly that Nick Gordon is at a breaking point and that he 's even attempted to kill himself by taking Xanax and Unisom . "  Left to his own devices , he 'll be dead inside a week , " Dr. Phil told her . That 's when Dr. Phil went up to Nick Gordon 's hotel room to persuade him that he needs an intervention . On the way back to the interview room , Gordon admitted that he 'd had two shots of alcohol earlier that morning and later started crying in the elevator while showing Dr. Phil his new tattoo : Bobbi Kristina 's name on his forearm . Read more : Bobbi Kristina Brown 's life in the public eye Throughout the interview , Gordon appeared distracted and distraught . He stood up and walked out of the room multiple times , only to come back to continue the interview . He constantly interrupted both Dr. Phil and his own mother with random interjections about Krissy 's engagement ring or how much he hates Bobby Brown . "  I miss Krissy and Whitney so much ! " Gordon repeated several times , adding that he 's lost "  the most legendary singer ever " and that he can not lose Krissy , too . Gordon kept switching from crying in his mother 's arms , to laughing at Dr. Phil 's multiple requests to go to rehab , to agreeing that he needs to get sober in order to help Krissy . He admitted to drinking too much and taking too many pills , only to say he 's fine and does n't care about rehab later in the interview . He told Dr. Phil he has n't been sleeping and has been waking up in the middle of the night , praying for Krissy . He also explained to the host how much emotional pain he 's in , saying , "  My heart hurts . I have panic attacks . " At one point , Gordon broke down crying , uttering , "  I 'm going to seem so weak in front of the world . " Read more : What 's the truth about Bobbi Kristina 's marriage ? "  Doc , please help me see Krissy , " Gordon pleaded with Dr. Phil , to which the doctor responded , "  We 've got to get you cleaned up first . " Eventually , he shook Dr. Phil 's hand , promising , "  as a man , " to go directly to rehab after this taping . The audience did n't see him leave with the representatives from Willingway , an addiction treatment center in Georgia , but Dr. Phil later told the media Gordon did check into the facility after the interview , according to Fox News .	Originally set up as an interview to tell the world his side of the story , Nick Gordon 's time with Dr. Phil turned into an intervention An unfocused Gordon pleaded to see Bobbi Kristina Brown before finally agreeing to attend rehab
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. officials are downplaying any imminent threat of a North Korean missile strike or confrontation between the two countries at sea . A U.S. official says North Korean leader Kim Jong Il seems to be "  testing the new administration . " The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN , despite reports in Japanese media citing intelligence that the North Korean regime intends to fire a missile toward Hawaii on July 4 . Shortly after that report , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he was deploying defensive measures around Hawaii . But a recent warning to mariners issued by North Korea suggests the country only intends short - and medium-range missile tests , according to one U.S. intelligence official . The North Korean government issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a "  military firing exercise , " according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN . The North Koreans had issued a similar warning prior to testing a long-range missile in April , but that warning indicated two potential danger areas more indicative of a long-range missile test . The official said that these shorter-range missiles can be "  rolled out on a dime , " but the U.S. intelligence community sees no "  readily observable " indication of an imminent long-range missile launch . Vehicular activity had been spotted around a long-range missile site in late May , U.S. Defense Department officials told CNN at the time . But the officials said the activity was very preliminary , with no missile parts seen , and any launch would take a lot more time to prepare . The U.S. intelligence official said there is always concern that a shorter-range test "  could go wrong , " but for the most part the North Koreans have short and medium missile tests "  down pat , " and those missiles are "  pretty accurate . " The official added , "  It 's not particularly difficult to fire off " short - and medium-range missiles . North Korea recently threatened to "  wipe out " the United States if provoked . Watch the Pentagon reaction to the threat " The official said the United States "  assumes " North Korea will "  continue its provocations . " The official acknowledged this phase of the usual ebb and flow of North Korean behavior seems to be lasting longer . This has been a "  protracted period , " said the official , with the change in U.S. leadership being a "  big factor . " The North Korean leadership seems to be "  testing the new administration . " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell defended Gates ' decision to deploy defensive measures around Hawaii . "  Previous long-range ballistic missile tests by the North have been failures . But they obviously are intent on developing that capability , and so long as they are , we need to do responsible , prudent things , " Morrell said at a news conference Wednesday . "  And in this case -LSB- Gates -RSB- thinks the responsible , prudent thing is to deploy those assets . " The U.S. military has positioned its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense  THAAD  missile defense system and its X-band radar system in the event a missile were to be launched toward Hawaii . Morrell said that no additional defenses were being deployed in the region because the defenses in place are sufficient . "  I think we 're perfectly comfortable with the assets that are in place , " he said . "  This threat that is posed by North Korea is not a new one , so we have adjusted our assets that are normally in that area some time ago . " Separately , the United States has not yet decided to seek permission to board and inspect a North Korean vessel it suspects of carrying illicit weapons or technology in violation of U.N. sanctions against that country , despite a recent promise by President Obama that North Korean violations would "  be met with significant , serious enforcement of sanctions . " Morrell told reporters that while the United States is "  interested " in the Kang Nam -- a North Korean-flagged vessel believed by officials to be carrying weapons or illegal technology -- no decision has been made to stop the ship and search it . The ship departed North Korea last week and is currently headed south toward Myanmar , U.S. officials believe . The decision to enact the U.N. Security Council Resolution to investigate will most likely not be made just by the United States but in coordination with other countries , Morrell told reporters on Wednesday . "  That 's a decision that will have to be made at some point , and not necessarily just by us or this government , " Morrell said . "  But that is a decision I think we will likely take collectively with our allies and partners out there , and make a determination about whether we choose to hail and query this particular ship . And if we make that decision , when and where to do so . " Watch why U.S. officials are watching the Kang Nam " Asked about the Myanmar connection Wednesday , Morrell would only say there is "  some notion of that " but would not elaborate . The United States has been tracking the ship 's progress with air assets including the P-3 spy plane and the USS McCampbell , which recently replaced the USS John McCain in trailing the Korean ship . The ship is suspected of carrying weapons because it is known to have carried proliferation materials previously , though U.S. officials concede they are not certain of the ship 's holdings .	U.S. does not believe North Korea intends to launch long-range missile soon Sea of Japan mariners warned to be clear due to "  military firing exercise " Japanese media reported North Korea may fire a missile at Hawaii on July 4 North Korea recently threatened to "  wipe out " the U.S. if provoked
CNN  -- Nearly $ 200 million in federal funding will be awarded to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey for repairs after Superstorm Sandy , according to a statement Sunday from U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer 's office . Schumer and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , both New York Democrats , announced that the Department of Transportation is providing $ 195.7 million in funds for infrastructure repairs needed after the storm damaged the region 's rail systems and infrastructure , according to the statement . An estimated $ 141.5 million of the money will go to the Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corporation Commuter Rail , and an estimated $ 54.2 million will go to the World Trade Center Transportation Hub , the statement says . Damage from Sandy has cost the Port Authority $ 2 billion to return the agency 's airports , rail system , bridges and tunnels to service . Gillibrand said the devastation to the region 's mass transit and infrastructure was "  unprecedented " and that the funding is critical to help recover and rebuild . The PATH rail system suffered damage from the millions of gallons of saltwater that flooded the tunnels between New York and New Jersey , the statement says . In the storm 's aftermath , PATH trains had to operate on a limited basis . The World Trade Center also sustained significant damage . That portion of the funding will go to the World Trade Center Transportation Hub , which is set to open in 2015 . It will be home to the PATH system and will connect 13 subway lines and link pedestrians to the World Financial Center . The federal funding is part of the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act of 2013 , providing relief to communities , families and businesses damaged by Superstorm Sandy . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is critical to the region 's trade and transportation network . It includes America 's busiest airport system , marine terminals and ports , the PATH rail transit system , six tunnels and bridges between New York and New Jersey , the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan and the World Trace Center , according to its website .	The Department of Transportation to give the Port Authority nearly $ 200 million The money will be divided between commuter rail and the World Trade Center hub The Port Authority has spent $ 2 billion in repairs , Sens. Schumer and Gillibrand say
EVERETT , Washington  CNN  -- Meet Abraham Lincoln . Abraham Lincoln with his parents , Dean and Kryssia Lincoln , at their home in Everett , Washington . Abraham , 23 , may not look like America 's 16th president , but he is a distant relative -- and he uses "  mrprez16 " in his e-mail address . "  I 've always joked -LSB- that -RSB- Dean , my father , looks like President Abraham Lincoln . It 's through his bloodline that we 're related . " Dean claims to be a third cousin five times removed . "  There were three brothers that came to America from England in 1635 , " he says . "  We 're related to Samuel Lincoln , the same one Abraham Lincoln is related to . " "  I 'm tall and fairly thin , " Dean adds . "  He did n't have a moustache . If I shaved and grew a beard like him , I 'd probably look a lot like him . " Dean 's son , Abraham , looks more like his mother . "  I got the color of my skin from my mother , the Hispanic side , " Abraham says . "  I have the height from my dad , similar to Abraham Lincoln 's height -- though not quite there , three inches shorter . " Watch Abraham Lincoln speak of his iconic namesake " Kryssia , Abraham 's mother , is from El Salvador . "  I loved the name Abraham , " she says . "  I always did . I think it sounds so elegant and in Spanish , it 's ` Aab-ra-haam ' . In the Bible , Abraham is the ` father of our faith . ' " "  I never knew I was going to marry a man with the last name ` Lincoln , ' never dreamed about it . So when I got married  in 1982  to my husband , Dean Lincoln , and we had our second child , and it was a boy , " she says , snapping her fingers , "  sure enough , I wanted to name him Abraham . "  We did n't have to argue very much because of course the heritage that he has ... and his great-grandfather 's name was Abraham . " See photos of the Lincolns " At the Lincolns ' home in Everett , Washington , the dining room table is full of genealogy lists , old family photos and letters , some dating back to the Civil War . Dean carefully unfolds one of the letters . It 's from William Lincoln , a Union soldier and Dean 's great-great-great-grandfather . "  The ` Rebs ' are getting just where ol' Sherman wants them , " William Lincoln wrote home to his wife . "  He will rout them soon and drive them back to their holes . " "  We ai n't heard from the election to any certainty yet . But the soldiers think , if Lincoln is elected , we have hopes of the war playing out . " Of his famous name , Abraham says , "  At first , people do n't believe me . I usually have to pull out my driver 's license . They 'll usually crack a few jokes ... sort of breaks the ice . " "  Once in school , a teacher came to my name in roll call . He decided to stop the class and told me to ` make sure I never drive a Ford car . ' ` Do n't ever let my wife convince me to go to a theater . ' "  He asked if I knew John Wilkes Booth . Those are the most common ones . I think he was waiting to get a reaction outta me , but I told him that I 'd heard them before . " Word spread quickly through his high school that this freshman wanted to be called "  Mr. Prez . " The nickname stuck . And because of his Hispanic roots , some of his classmates even called him "  El Presidente . " "  I think I 've heard every one in the book . I still get a chuckle every time someone thinks they 've come up with a new one , " Abraham says . Abraham grew up in Everett , where , coincidentally , the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln is based . When he was 16 , the local newspaper asked if he would write a letter to crew members returning from a mission to Iraq . Abraham 's letter read , in part : "  Dear Lincoln crew , "  My name is Abraham Lincoln . I want to thank you for making me proud to know that the men and women on board the Abraham Lincoln , a ship with the same name as me , are out there fighting as true American heroes . " At first , Abraham had no desire to walk in the shadow of such a great leader . Then , at the University of Washington , he took a political science class . "  There was something about politics that drew me , " he says . "  I loved the history behind it . That 's when I made up my own mind : That was the path I wanted to go . " Abraham spent a semester in Washington , D.C. , as an intern for former Oklahoma Rep. J.C. Watts . On his list of places to visit ? The Lincoln Memorial and Ford 's Theatre . "  The whole atmosphere of that city , knowing someone I was related to , a descendant of mine , had such a huge impact and changed the world as we know it ... And to have a huge memorial dedicated to such a great president . " This past summer , Abraham married Jenae , whom he met as a church youth leader . He says she likes the history behind the name and the attention they receive . Abe is working as a paralegal . He wants to attend law school and -- you guessed it -- pursue a career in public service or politics . "  If anything , President Abraham Lincoln is a great model to follow after . So if you have the name , might as well go down the same path . " Of the similarities between Presidents Lincoln and Obama , Abraham says , "  Lincoln came into office with a nation divided in the Civil War , and Obama is the first African-American president , hoping to transcend party lines dividing America . " Since Abraham 's birthday comes eight days after his famous namesake 's , the Lincoln family will celebrate President Abraham Lincoln 's 200th birthday together with their own son 's birthday . Meanwhile , Dean is growing a beard again . Kryssia wants him to shave the mustache and don a suit to honor President Lincoln 's birthday She says of her son : "  No , I do n't think he looks like Abraham Lincoln , the president . But he has the name and he serves well the name ... And I think there 's a future for my son . "  I just know in my heart he will keep honoring that name . It 's very special . "	Abraham Lincoln of Washington state is a 23-year-old paralegal Nation 's 16th president was a distant ancestor Abraham 's mother says she knew it was the perfect name Modern-day Abraham Lincoln hopes for career in public service or politics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Police Department was "  factually and legally " proper in 2009 when it fired Christopher Dorner , who killed four people and wounded three others in a rampage this year , an internal department report said Friday . Dorner , 33 , apparently took his own life during a police shootout in February after he was cornered in a mountain cabin in San Bernardino County , California , about 100 miles east of Los Angeles . After a five-month review of Dorner 's firing , a team headed by a special assistant to the police chief found that the officer 's termination "  was not only appropriate , it was the only course the department could have taken based on the facts and evidence , " the internal report said . The review team found the firing "  sound and just , " the report said . Dorner was removed from the police department in September 2008 and officially terminated in January 2009 for filing a false complaint against his training officer , who Dorner alleged kicked a suspect . In an 11-page manifesto this year , Dorner said he was relieved of his duties after he reported excessive force by a fellow officer in 2007 . "  After a thorough review of all the available information , my analysis concludes that the discharge of Christopher Dorner was justified , " Gerald Chaleff , LAPD special assistant for constitutional policing , said in a statement . "  His discharge was based on his own actions . The allegations he made against his training officer appeared to have been made in an effort to forward his own agenda . " Police Chief Charlie Beck said he sought Chaleff 's review "  because I wanted to ensure that the Los Angeles Police Department is fair and transparent in all that we do . "  All of us recognize that as a department we are not perfect , " Beck said in a statement . "  Nonetheless , this report shows that the discharge of Christopher Dorner was factually and legally the right decision . " The report was submitted to the Board of Police Commissioners , which will hear the matter at its meeting Tuesday . A second department report will be published later this year on issues raised by Dorner and others about alleged corruption in the department 's disciplinary process and about the state of employee relations . After unsuccessfully challenging his dismissal in court , police say , the renegade officer launched a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the LAPD , targeting numerous officers involved in his case and their families . He had served in the Navy . Dorner killed the daughter of his police union representative , her fiancÃ © , a police officer in suburban Riverside and a sheriff 's deputy .	An internal Los Angeles Police team reviews the 2009 termination of officer Christopher Dorner His firing was "  factually and legally " proper , report says His termination was due to his own actions , LAPD says In a vendetta against police , Dorner killed four people and wounded three others
CNN  -- One of the biggest holiday weeks is upon us . Thanksgiving is a favorite day for football fans , close-knit families , families who ca n't stand each other , and of course , amateur competitive eaters . But what 's really interesting about Thanksgiving is the day after -- known as Black Friday . It may well be the most publicized -- and puzzling -- commercial day of the year . According to the National Retail Federation , last year 's Black Friday attracted more than 90 million online and in-store shoppers . Online shoppers can buy things from the comfort and safety of their homes . But what about those who succumb to mass hysteria at local megastores ? We have all seen the "  shopacalypse " on the evening news , which appears constrained only by the flimsy protection of a few Tensabarriers and some security guys . When you step back and think about it , it seems strange that in an era of increasing civil liability , large retailers would invite this bedlam , and the likely personal-injury lawsuits that follow . There 's even a website , www.blackfridaydeathcount.com , which tracks and compiles statistics on injuries and deaths . Are we really surprised people get hurt on Black Friday ? Granted , it 's an open invitation to every nudnik , whose only qualifications are : 1  They do n't have to be at work ; and 2  they are willing to wake up at 5 a.m. to elbow their way to saving $ 3 on a Sony Discman or a Cabbage Patch Doll . So how do we evaluate the liability of a store for injuries on its premises during Black Friday ? Let 's take a look at common law . Once a person steps onto private property , the law traditionally considered him one of the following : 1  trespasser ; 2  licensee ; or 3  invitee . Everyone knows what a trespasser is . If you enter  or remain  on someone 's property without his consent , you are a trespasser . Deadly force can be used on an intruder in one 's home , but that 's based on defense of self , not defense of property . You can use a gun to defend yourself at home against an intruder . On the other hand , if you own an abandoned barn , you can not install trip wires attached to shotguns , poison darts , snake pits or any of the traps from the Indiana Jones movies . You might think an "  invitee " is someone who is just invited on to the property , say , for a cocktail party , but that 's not it . If your buddy invites you over for a Super Bowl party , you 're just considered a "  licensee . " This means you are on the property with permission . You 're not providing your pal any business benefit , other than emotional support for his team , and divesting him of his chips and salsa . The only obligation your host has to licensees is to inform of the known danger on the property , and any not so obvious danger your host would expect you would n't know about . An "  invitee , " on the other hand , is someone who enters the land for a purpose connected with or benefiting the business owner . When you shop at a store , you 're considered an "  invitee . " Historically , a landowner owed the invitee the highest duty of care , to inspect or warn of defects on the premises . In modern times , states and courts alike have increasingly rejected these antiquated distinctions and applied a more universal "  reasonable " standard to landowners , sometimes even to trespassers . However , whether applying the traditional common law or a modern rule , if you are on someone 's property for the purpose of spending money , courts will hold the landowner to the highest applicable standard of care . Even the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has acknowledged the sometimes fatal injuries suffered on Black Friday , and has published crowd management safety guidelines for retailers . OSHA and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 focus primarily on employers providing workers with safe and healthy workplaces , but their guidelines speak to preventing all injuries at retail sales events , with a specific nod to Black Friday . The OSHA guidelines offer suggestions about where a court might look for the standards of care . According to the guidelines , there should be adequate security , and sufficient crowd control measures . A store is not automatically liable if a customer sucker-punches another customer over an X-Box , but it may be liable if the assault were foreseeable and the failure of security measures contributed to the assault . The bottom line is that stores will be liable if people are injured by known , unsafe and nonobvious conditions on their property on Black Friday , especially if stores take no special safety or security precautions , and treat the day like any other day . If a store knows it is expecting several times its normal traffic , it must anticipate the problems attendant to the increased foot traffic , and the potential for riffraff . It 's true that no store can ever prevent a meteor landing on the roof . No store can guarantee that another customer wo n't suddenly go mad and punch another person in the head . No amount of security can prevent the unpredictable -- it 's the same problem often encountered by stadiums when drunken sports fans attack . But , if a store is deliberately indifferent to security problems , then it may be liable where it knowingly ignores the behavior of that riffraff . The sweet spot of security is somewhere between the extremes of razor wire and pepper spray , and the minimal effort of a "  no shoes , no shirt , no service " sign . A simple rule is that stores should be held liable for the increased risk they create -- especially when that risk creation is tied to a direct economic benefit . If a Black Friday sale devolves into the running of the bulls in Pamplona , and the store knowingly allowed dangerous conditions on the property , it 's likely that the store will be held liable for injuries on the premises . It 's interesting that if you want to hold a rally or protest a grand jury , you might need a permit to exercise your First Amendment rights . But if you are a big-box retailer holding a big-box sale , it seems that as long as you are generating revenue and paying taxes , you can host the retail equivalent of Bonnaroo with nary a complaint . Ultimately , if a mall encourages this behavior , maybe it gets exactly what it deserves . Maybe the Black Friday retailer deserves the Black Friday shopper . So the next time you make fun of people who set out on Christmas Eve for the mall , remember this : The smattering of losers like me may have waited until the last minute to get our shopping done , but at least no one gets hurt in the process .	Danny Cevallos : Black Friday may be the most crazy commercial holiday of the year He says it 's odd that large retailers invite this chaos , and personal-injury lawsuits How do we evaluate a sales event that is more like running the bulls in Pamplona ? he asks Cevallos : Maybe the Black Friday retailer deserves the Black Friday shopper
CNN  -- The mysterious , faceless green men have entered eastern Ukraine , looking much like they did last month in Crimea before Russia sliced off and swallowed that former province of Ukraine . What will President Barack Obama do now ? Unlike Russia 's Crimea invasion , the Ukrainian government is not rolling over as readily this time , vowing not "  to let the Crimea scenario repeat . " That is just what Russian President Vladimir Putin needs to justify an open military assault under the guise of "  protecting " Ukraine 's ethnic Russians . The possibility that war will break out is real . U.S. officials are convinced that the disciplined militias -- who have taken over government buildings in more than half a dozen Ukrainian cities , wearing no identifying marks on their uniforms -- are Russian special forces or "  paid operatives , " deliberately stoking unrest , not part of a spontaneous groundswell of pro-Russia sentiment . Still , America 's warnings of serious repercussions have fallen on deaf ears . With the crisis continuing to escalate , Obama can choose between four courses of action . 1 . Stop making empty threats Obama has repeatedly warned that "  there will be costs " if Russia takes over Ukraine 's territory . But that is exactly what Russia did . Efforts to line up European support for stern sanctions have faltered badly . The West 's growl , its bark , seems increasingly toothless . The sanctions so far are underwhelming . Washington and its friends need to impose real sanctions and offer Ukraine real support , or else America 's warnings will be meaningless . Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry still give the impression , despite ample evidence to the contrary , that they think diplomacy and reasoning can dissuade Putin from pushing ahead with his goal to dominate Ukraine , fearing that harsh sanctions will provoke him . But one way to reverse the course is to exact a harsh economic and political cost while keeping open a way for Moscow to roll back . Obama must make a decision : If the U.S. is not ready to impose muscular sanctions , it 's time to stop issuing threats . America 's "  red lines " risk becoming an international punch line . Feeble threats against Russia 's "  incredible act of aggression " are hurting the U.S. , making it look like a paper tiger and making its friends more vulnerable . Grave warnings of consequences without consequences do more harm than good . 2 . Decide where to build a moat If the U.S. is not willing to take risks for the sake of Ukraine , it is time to decide what part of the map matters . After World War II , the U.S. came to a decision to reluctantly allow Soviet control of Eastern Europe while protecting the western side of the Iron Curtain . That was a cold calculation for which the people of Poland , Czechoslovakia and elsewhere paid a steep price . But it sent a clear message to Moscow to stop at the edge of that military and ideological barrier . Washington could just as coldly concede Ukraine , or part of it , to Russia and build a  figurative  moat around it or choose another place on the map to do that . The U.S. must decide how far is too far . It was n't Crimea . Is it eastern Ukraine , western Ukraine , Moldova , the Baltic states ? Opinion : U.S. giving Putin green light in Ukraine ? 3 . Consider military action The chances that the U.S. will go to war over Ukraine are extremely small , but the option exists . If Russia unleashes its military power across the border , the folder marked "  military action " will land on the table in the situation room . Wars are unpredictable and always bring unexpected consequences . Fighting on the border of the European Union will put NATO on high alert and trigger a new set of possible outcomes . If Ukraine and Russia go to war , the calculations will change drastically and dangerously . 4 . Say goodbye and good luck to Ukraine There 's one more option for Obama . He can turn his back on Ukraine , wish it well and move on . The U.S. could make a decision that it would rather try to continue working with Putin on issues like Iran and Syria , and allow Russia to do what it wishes in "  its part " of the world . It 's a course of action that would satisfy American isolationists , as well as those who accept Russian claims that the troubles are America and Europe 's fault . That , unfortunately , would invite even more challenges to world peace , as it would empower bullies everywhere . American policy aims , unsuccessfully , toward option No. 1 , but the threats are far ahead of the action . Several weeks ago , I suggested that there was a chance that "  when the stakes grow high enough , the U.S. and Europe may rise to the challenge . " That may yet happen . But so far it has not . Putin 's platoons of masked green men are wreaking havoc in Ukraine , and the U.S. still has n't quite decided how it plans to respond . In the long run , Russia will suffer from the ill will it has engendered with its bullying tactics . But in the short and medium term , it is gaining ground .	Frida Ghitis : What will President Obama do about the Ukraine crisis ? Ghitis : He has four options , like stop making empty threats toward Russia She says U.S. should impose real sanctions or else it looks like paper tiger Ghitis : U.S. military intervention is slim ; Obama could turn his back on Ukraine
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has apologized after putting his need for more competitive golf action ahead of a planned humanitarian visit to Haiti next week -- and said his caddy had played a big part in the decision . The world No. 2 was due to visit Haiti on Monday and Tuesday in his role as a UNICEF ambassador following the end of this weekend 's PGA Tour event in Houston . He first went to the Caribbean country in 2011 to meet people affected by the devastating earthquake the previous year . However , following his second round at the Houston Open the two-time major winner decided that he would add the Texas Open to his schedule in order to hav more time on the course ahead of the Masters at Augusta starting April 11 . "  Unfortunately , I have had to postpone my planned trip to Haiti , with UNICEF , due to a change in my playing commitments , " the 23-year-old said in a statement issued on his behalf by UNICEF Ireland . Leaderboard : Follow the final round at Houston "  I am a strong supporter of UNICEF 's work and I was privileged to be given the opportunity to visit Haiti , with UNICEF , nearly two years ago . We are currently looking at dates to reschedule my trip and I look forward to visiting Haiti very soon . " Â McIlroy has struggled to repeat his dominance of last season , when he topped both the U.S. and European Tour money lists and won his second major at the PGA Championship in August . After the long-awaited news of his reported $ 250 million switch to Nike equipment was finally confirmed , he missed the cut in Abu Dhabi in January and was knocked out in the first round of the WGC Matchplay in Arizona in February . Later that month , he controversially walked off the course at the Honda Classic in Florida , saying both that his wisdom tooth was causing pain and that he was frustrated by a flaw in his swing . His decision to miss last week 's Arnold Palmer Invitational raised eyebrows given his lack of tournament golf , and Tiger Woods ' victory allowed the 14-time major winner to regain the world No. 1 spot from his young rival . McIlroy made the cut at Redstone , but three bogeys in his last six holes saw him fade to a tie for 48th after Saturday 's third round -- which left him nine shots behind leaders Bill Haas and Stewart Cink . After his one-under-par 71 , McIlroy explained that his caddy J.P. Fitzgerald had convinced him that he needed extra tournament play in San Antonio next week . "  It was  something I had n't thought about until basically after I finished yesterday , " McIlroy said on the PGA Tour website Saturday . "  J.P. was the one that mentioned it to me . He said , ` If you just play a few more rounds , I think you 're going to be ready . ' I did n't really think about it too much and sat down , had some lunch , started to think about it and I texted him and said , ' I do n't think this is a bad idea . ' "  Probably took me an hour or two to sort of think about it and decide about . " McIlroy has not had much tournament play this year , and he acknowledged that he is feeling "  rusty . " "  I just feel like I 'm playing well , I 'm hitting the ball well . Everything feels good , " he said . "  It 's just about playing a bit more competitive course and getting a little sharper . I feel a little rusty out there at times . I think the more rounds I play , the better it will be for me going into Augusta . " Cink is looking for his first victory since the 2009 British Open , but he and Haas were just one shot ahead of a group of four players -- and another nine were a stroke further back , including former major winners Louis Oosthuizen , Angel Cabrera and Keegan Bradley plus ex-world No. 1 Lee Westwood . Three-time Masters winner Phil Mickelson was five shots adrift , having moved up the leaderboard with a 67 as he seeks his second Houston victory .	McIlroy pulls out of planned trip to Haiti to play more tournament golf ahead of the Masters Northern Irishman will play Texas Open next week before heading on to Augusta National World number two has struggled with his form in 2013 following big-money equipment switch He goes into final round in Houston nine shots behind the leading duo
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Four English football fans were attacked in Italy on the eve of a game Thursday between Liverpool and Naples , Naples police told CNN . Two were stabbed and have been hospitalized with serious but not life-threatening conditions , police said . Two were beaten with sticks and one is hospitalized in serious condition , they said . The other one , who was attacked in a different incident , is not badly hurt . Three men have been arrested . Police blamed the attacks on "  football fanaticism " and are looking for the other attackers , they said . An Italian restaurant owner also was attacked Wednesday night after confronting masked men who were harassing British tourists eating in his restaurant , police said Thursday . Tempers already were running high in Naples because tons of uncollected garbage is piling up , a result of landfills in the region being full . Police said security for Thursday 's match pitting Liverpool against Serie A side Napoli is tighter than usual because of the garbage crisis . Liverpool Football Club warned supporters traveling to Italy for the Europa League match to "  be careful , stick together and heed the safety advice printed on your ticket . "	Two Liverpool supporters are stabbed and two are beaten with sticks An Italian man is injured defending British tourists Police arrest three men and continue looking for others Liverpool is set to play SSC Napoli Thursday night
CNN  -- North Carolina officials have pulled the license of one of 15 clinics in the state specializing in abortions , with the state citing alleged health and safety violations found during a recent inspection . Femcare medical clinic in Asheville was cited for 23 different violations , including failing to clean operating beds , using tape to hold the gas delivery system together , and not have a resuscitator available for patients . The clinic 's license was suspended Wednesday , some two weeks after the inspection . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory last week signed a law requiring all abortion clinics to be held to the same standards as outpatient surgical centers this past Monday . North Carolina governor signs abortion bill into law But the state Department of Health and Human Services said the Femcare inspection was part of a routine facilities check , and the passage of the state 's recent abortion bill had nothing to do with the clinic 's closure . In a news release , the state agency described what it called "  egregious violations of existing rules that revealed an imminent threat to the health and safety of patients " at the Asheville facility . In a statement , Femcare said , "  Since the state 's last site visit in August 2006 there have been no changes in our operating protocols , " and went on to say , "  We expect to be in compliance soon with the required standards and will return to serving our patients as soon as possible . " Watch : Speaker heckled over N.C. abortion bill	The state cites 23 violations of regulations at a clinic in Asheville The clinic says it expects to be in compliance soon State agency says suspension was not related to a new law for abortion clinics
CNN  -- It 's a truth of the modern digital age : If you 're using a Web service for free , you 're not the customer . You 're probably the product . The sites we visit , the videos we watch , the purchases we make and the items we reward with a Facebook "  like " or a Google " +1 " -- all of that , and more , eventually melds together into a data set that lets many of the world 's most popular Web companies get to know us better . And they 're using it to make billions of dollars . But what if Web users could reclaim their online data and benefit , or maybe even profit , from it ? That 's what a group of new startups want to happen . They say that instead of giving away data to tech titans who turn around and use it to target advertising , users should get something in return . "  I think what 's happening now is that , finally , people are becoming aware of how their data 's being used , " said Shane Green , CEO of a company called Personal . "  And in the future , they 're not going to be just giving this stuff up . " With Personal , users can import data from sites like Facebook and LinkedIn and info like their Web-browsing histories and purchases to a secure "  data vault . " From there , they can pretty much add anything they want , from computer passwords to medical information to emergency contacts for the babysitter . One feature even allows people to enter ID information like Social Security numbers , promising that they 'll never have to spend time filling out an online form again . From there , they choose who to share with , be it the aforementioned babysitter or co-workers or family members . But Green sees a future in which they could choose to share it more publicly , in exchange for cash or other benefits . So , for example , if someone had been searching websites to buy a particular make and model of car , they could choose to make that publicly known . Car dealers using the site could then theoretically send targeted deals or offers . "  We 'd love to see it sort of filtered ... where you 're commanding the best deals , the best discounts -- and even direct compensation -- for the chance to meet me this way , " he said . Intriguing , maybe . But is that just a way to invite digital junk mail ? "  That could n't be further from the vision we have , " Green said . "  The model that 's going to emerge is one where people , in a much safer and more controlled environment , let some of their data filter out and decide what kind of people will be able to even reach them at all . And when they do , they wo n't know their identity . " The problem , at least so far , is that Web players like Google and Facebook are already getting a lot of that data for free . "  The killer app is n't here yet , " William Hoffman , who is working on a data study for the World Economic Forum , told the New York Times . But he says that might soon change . "  I 'm willing to bet that within the next 12 months , something big will catch on , " he said . Jason Cavnar 's company , Singly , does n't aim to one day earn users a direct payout . In fact , he says , it does n't even need to combat the Web 's current data-scraping model . "  The price of using free Web services should n't be our privacy . But until there are market solutions , I do n't see that trend changing , " he said . "  What we 're doing is more about actually making the data you create useful . " Like Personal , Singly lets users compile all their data in one place via a sort of data locker .  The Locker Project is its ongoing open-source effort to let developers change and improve it .  They cite some of the same convenience benefits of doing so that Personal does .  Both projects , it should be noted , are in their early phases . But what Singly has set out to do is let developers create hyper-personalized apps that would use that information . "  We 're trying to create a new push for creativity , a new push for experiences , " he said . "  We 're starting to see the power of personal apps , but there are not nearly enough of them . "  We want to make sure the creator has less of an engineering challenge to making your data awesome . " Green started Personal in 2009 . At the time , he said , friends in the tech industry told him that it was folly , that he 'd never convince many people to care about how their data is used online . Fast-forward three years , and just a week 's worth of headlines tell a different story . Members of Congress and dozens of state attorneys have publicly questioned Google 's new privacy policy , which will pull data from its many products into one user profile . President Barack Obama unveiled an online bill of rights aimed at protecting users ' privacy on the Web and says legislation could be next . And on Facebook , which has been no stranger to data-sharing controversy , some users are bracing for a change to the Timeline feature that they fear will make their past activity too easy for others to find . "  I think that it 's a perfect moment now , " Green said . "  I think there 's a whole perfect storm happening for companies like ours . " For older Web users , he said , the fear was always that someone was tracking them online and could do something harmful with the information . Now , more often than not , users resent the fact that billions of dollars are being made on information they 're giving away for free . "  It 's not even about the money any more , " he said . "  It 's about the principle . I think that 's the emotional vein that people are tapped into right now . "	New companies seek to help Web users take better control of their personal data One company , Personal , says users could one day trade data for perks , cash Singly offers data lockers that developers will use for personalized apps Google , Facebook and others have made billions by harnessing user data
CNN  -- We just knew they were going to be huge stars , internationally famous , wealthy beyond imagining . It was summer 's end , 1965 . My buddies and I , along with hundreds of other people , gathered in the parking lot of the Northland shopping mall in Columbus , Ohio , to watch the Battle of the Bands . The bands were all local kids , just like us , and one of those bands -- the Dantes -- had something special going for it . The lead singer , 18-year-old Barry Hayden , possessed the onstage electricity , the lithe movements , the command of each moment , of a Midwestern Mick Jagger . You could n't take your eyes off him . The band had a terrific , hard-driving new song called "  Ca n't Get Enough of Your Love "  it pre-dated the smooth Barry White tune with similar wording  , and the Dantes went to No. 1 with it on the hometown rock station , WCOL . We stood there on the surface of the parking lot and watched them in that summer 's waning days , and we felt elevated just to be spending the afternoon in their presence . The Dantes would make two more records -- both of them Rolling Stones covers : "  Under My Thumb " and "  Connection " -- each of which also went to No. 1 on WCOL . They opened for Jimi Hendrix once at a show at Veterans Memorial auditorium in Columbus . But somehow , despite their talent , nothing happened for the Dantes nationally . Three years later , they disbanded . And Barry Hayden ? We did n't know what became of him . As this summer of 2012 was winding down , I was visiting central Ohio and saw that on a Friday night , at a place in the town of Gahanna called the FM All-American Bar and Grill , there was going to be a band called the Professors  "  fully tenured rock and roll "  playing . No cover charge , no minimum . The lead singer 's name was Barry Hayden . So , just before 9 p.m. , I walked in the door . I took a seat at the bar as the band was setting up . Barry came over to say hello . He 's 65 . He said that for the last 16 years he has worked a daytime job at the Ohio Statehouse , arranging guided tours for the public . He 's had a number of other jobs , including work at the Honda assembly plant in Marysville , Ohio . "  What are you doing here ? " he said . "  Seeing you , " I said . "  It 's the end of the summer , is n't it ? " He grinned , and I told him about watching him sing , 47 summers ago , at the Battle of the Bands at Northland . "  You won , " I said . "  We did n't win , " he said . "  The Rebounds beat us . But that was a good thing , because it made us work harder . We won the next Battle of the Bands at Valley Dale . " We stood there laughing together , and he told me that all of the guys in the Professors do this mainly because they just like it so much . The youngest member of the band is in his mid-50s ; most of them work regular jobs during the week and do this on the weekends . There 's not a lot of money in it . "  I 'd do it for free , " Barry said . He had been away from music for decades , and he thought he had lost it forever . He was wrong . Three years ago , he formed this group . "  Better go play , " he said . He , and the Professors , did . They were wonderful , from the tough , insistent first chords . All of the songs were ones made famous by the most renowned bands of their boyhoods : The Animals ' "  We Got ta Get Out of This Place , " the Byrds ' "  Feel a Whole Lot Better , " Dylan 's "  Like a Rolling Stone , " the Kinks ' "  All Day and All of the Night , " the Beatles ' "  A Hard Day 's Night . " To look into the faces of Barry and his new bandmates -- Bruce Roberts , Don Groner , Shane Sheaf and Billy Zenn -- was to see men who , far along in their lives , had given themselves , on this night , three hours of gladness . They were giving it to their audience , too . People were up and dancing , singing along . Later Barry would tell me : "  It 's the one thing in my whole life that has ever made any sense . It 's the one thing I 'm good at . "  It 's what I am . " He knows , now , that he will never be a rich man . He knows , now , that fame will not be arriving . But he has found this again , after fearing it was gone for good . And he has discovered an essential truth that all of us might do well to keep in mind : Doing the thing you love -- finding , somehow , a way to do it -- should be mandatory . You should n't put it off -- if you wait , if you think you 'll get around to it someday , someday may never come . As midnight approached in Gahanna , he was singing lead on the Rolling Stones ' "  The Last Time " : " ... this could be the last time , this could be the last time ... " He asked , into the microphone , how the volume was . From the bar I caught his eye , smiled , and made a little clockwise motion with my thumb and forefinger . I pointed toward the ceiling . Meaning : Up . Louder . He sang : " ... may be the last time , I do n't know ... " None of us knows when that last time -- the last chance to do the thing we were meant to do , the thing that makes us whole -- will come . This is the last full weekend of summer . Next weekend , autumn begins . And opportunities for joy , like summer nights , are fleeting and finite . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : The Dantes were local band which seemed bound for big time This summer he saw Dantes singer playing with new band , The Professors , in an Ohio bar Dantes did n't make big time , split up and singer Barry Hayden worked at different jobs Greene : But Hayden was back performing , doing thing he loved . That should be mandatory
CNN  -- Once again , the head of world soccer has put his foot in his mouth . Sepp Blatter , the man who infamously said that racism on the pitch could be settled by a handshake , has been forced to apologize to Cristiano Ronaldo after apparently mocking the Real Madrid and Portugal star . When asked at a question and answer session at an English university last Friday if he preferred Ronaldo or his rival Lionel Messi , the FIFA president at first said he could not decide . However , after extolling the virtues of Barcelona 's "  good boy " Messi , he stood up and gave the audience at Oxford a bizarre impersonation of Ronaldo , calling him "  a commander on the field of play " and then claimed he spent "  a lot more at the hairdresser 's . " Blatter concluded : "  I like both of them , but I prefer Messi . " Ronaldo , who was named Tuesday with Messi among 23 candidates for FIFA 's 2013 Ballon d'Or world player of the year award , posted a response on social media along with a link to footage of Blatter 's performance . "  This video shows the respect and consideration that FIFA has for me , my club and my country . Much is explained now , " Ronaldo wrote to his 22.2 million Twitter followers and 64 million "  likers " on Facebook . "  I wish Mr. Blatter health and a long life , with the certainty that he will continue to witness , as he deserves , the successes of his favorite teams and players . " Ronaldo won the 2008 world player of the year title for his exploits at Manchester United , but has seen Messi claim it every year since his world-record $ 130 million transfer to Spain . He has been runner-up four times , and was particularly aggrieved to miss out after helping Real end Barca 's La Liga reign in the 2011-12 season . Blatter 's antics brought condemnation from Real , whose coach Carlo Ancelotti said it was "  disrespectful . " "  He shows every day that he is a great player and he respects everyone , " the Italian said of Ronaldo , who has scored more than 200 goals in just over four seasons at Real . Madrid president Florentino Perez , who signed Ronaldo , wrote a letter to FIFA complaining about the player 's treatment by a man who is a "  socio "  honorary member  of the club -- which represented Spain as one of the ruling body 's founder members back in 1904 . "  It that has been a huge disappointment among the Madridista family , especially since these unfortunate and unacceptable manifestations come from the president of world football 's governing body , " Perez wrote . "  On the one hand , they are unfair to a football player who has millions of fans around the world . This is without doubt one of the best players of all time . He embodies the values of sport in a society certainly in need of these kind of examples . "  Finally , we understand that your comments may influence the votes of those who have to decide on who should receive the award . " Blatter wrote to Ronaldo via Twitter , saying : "  I apologize if you were upset by my light-hearted answer at private event on Friday . I never meant to offend you . " He also sent a reply to Real , which the club published on its website . "  In response to a question about Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo , the moderator asked me to choose between one of the two and , in this moment having commented that Messi is the type of son all mothers would like to have , I ended up saying his name , " Blatter explained . "  However , I want to make it clear that for me Cristiano Ronaldo is at the same level as Messi and that they are both exceptional players , each one in their own way . "  It was never my intention to upset or show a lack of respect towards Real Madrid , one of their players or their fans . " Meanwhile , Barcelona moved four points clear in Spain with a 3-0 win at Celta Vigo on Tuesday . Messi was not able to add to his eight La Liga goals this season , leaving him joint second with Ronaldo , but he helped set up Cesc Fabregas ' second goal . Fabregas had earlier curled in off the bar to make it 2-0 , while his blocked shot allowed Alexis Sanchez to net an early opener . Espanyol moved up to eighth despite being held 0-0 at home by struggling Sevilla . Real will host Sevilla on Wednesday and second-placed city rival Atletico Madrid will travel to Granada Thursday . In Italy , fourth-placed Inter Milan failed to close the gap significantly on the Serie A leaders after being held 1-1 at Atalanta . It left Walter Mazzari 's team eight points adrift of top side Roma , which hosts Chievo on Thursday . In England , Chelsea knocked Premier League leader Arsenal out of the League Cup with a 2-0 win in north London . Fullback Cesar Azpilicueta took advantage of a defensive mixup to net the first-half opener and fellow Spaniard Juan Mata doubled the lead in the second spell with a superb right-foot shot . Manchester United reached the quarterfinals with a 4-0 win over EPL struggler Norwich , as Mexico striker Javier Hernandez scored twice , but Fulham 's poor season continued with a 4-3 defeat at second division Leicester . Birmingham also scored four against Premier League Stoke , but lost out 4-2 on penalties following extra time , while West Ham won 2-0 at second division leader Burnley .	Sepp Blatter apologizes after impersonating Cristiano Ronaldo at a student address FIFA president had been asked to choose between Ronaldo and his rival Lionel Messi Ronaldo 's club Real Madrid protests and questions Blatter 's impartiality ahead of awards Messi and Ronaldo among 23 candidates for FIFA 's 2013 Ballon d'Or world player of year
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Police armed with rubber bullets were patrolling neighborhoods in Johannesburg on Tuesday in an effort to quell a recent spree of violence aimed at foreigners that police say has killed 22 people and displaced an estimated 13,000 . A crowd armed with clubs , machetes and axes rioted on the outskirts of Johannesburg on Tuesday . Many of the victims are Zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances in their homeland . Evidence of the violence was seen in smoke rising from burned homes in one Johannesburg neighborhood . Locals angry about the rising number of foreigners arriving in South Africa had set homes ablaze . Firefighters said they had fought more than 100 such blazes since Thursday . Standing outside a row of charred homes , Diamond Minnaar said there is a solution for foreigners . "  Most of them just have to go back to their country and leave us in peace , " Minnaar said . "  That is the only solution . Or they are just going to get killed . Look at how many shacks have burnt down . " The attacks and looting have drawn condemnation from South African officials and other African leaders . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video The violence began a week ago in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township , police say , and has been concentrated in the city 's poorest areas . "  People are angry because they are unemployed , poverty-affected people struggling for basic needs every day , " said Dean Christopher Barends , a local Lutheran minister . "  This will explode into something . " One person victimized was Pascoal Sendela Gulane , a Mozambican man , who said gangs broke into his home and stole his belongings . He fled to a church with his family and is now living with his children in his car on the church 's property . For him and many others , churches and police stations have become safe havens . Watch footage of the attacks " On Monday , South African President Thabo Mbeki called for an end to the violence . "  We dehumanize ourselves the moment we start thinking of another person as less human than we are simply because they come from another country " he said in a statement . "  As South Africans , we must recognize and fully appreciate that we are bound together with other Africans by history , culture , economics and , above all , by destiny . I call upon those behind these shameful and criminal acts to stop ! Nothing can justify it . " He has called for an investigation into the violence . Also Monday , the Nelson Mandela Foundation issued a statement condemning the "  senseless violence . " South African police have arrested more than 200 people in connection with the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft . Police director Govindsamy Mariemuthoo said that at least one foreigner was burned alive over the weekend , while others saw their houses torched , their shops looted and their possessions stolen . Tuesday there was a large police presence in the neighborhoods were the violence had occurred , according to a CNN producer on the scene . Despite the police presence , sporadic looting still took place in several townships east of Johannesburg . Mbuso Mthembu , provincial manager at the Red Cross office in Johannesburg , said that the number of people fleeing is continuing to grow and that violent attacks seem to be spreading into other areas . His organization has made an emergency appeal for people to donate 1 million rand  about $ 135,000  to help support the estimated 13,000 who have fled their homes . Many had to flee quickly , leaving all their belongings behind , Mthembu said . "  We have delivered blankets , kids clothing , baby formula , " he said . "  But we need more . "	An estimated 13,000 people fled homes after violence targeting foreigners Attacks have been concentrated in Johannesburg 's poorest areas Police arrest more than 200 people after at least 22 are killed Zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps
CNN  -- Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , the two surviving members of the Beatles , will get back together to play the star-studded "  The Night That Changed America : A Grammys Salute to The Beatles , " Starr said Monday . "  To celebrate the 50 years since we landed in New York in February  1964  , they 're putting on a big show on Monday and we 'll be doing it there , " he told "  Access Hollywood " on Monday at a David Lynch Foundation event . Starr was being honored by the Lynch Foundation with its Lifetime of Peace and Love Award . The Recording Academy , which oversees the Grammy Awards , had already said that McCartney and Starr would both be performing at the Grammys Sunday night -- though the question of whether they 'll be performing together is still unconfirmed . The two will be given a Lifetime Achievement Award at Sunday 's show . The "  Grammys Salute " is being taped the next day , January 27 , and will air on CBS on Sunday , February 9 -- the 50th anniversary of the Beatles ' debut appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " The Sullivan performance was the first time most Americans had seen the band perform after their first Capitol Records single , "  I Want to Hold Your Hand , " hit No. 1 . Among the other artists performing at the "  Grammys Salute " are Alicia Keys , John Legend , Keith Urban and a reuniting Eurythmics . Were you there at the start of Beatlemania ? Share your stories If McCartney and Starr do perform together , it will be the first time the two have played together since a 2010 concert to celebrate Starr 's 70th birthday in July 2010 . Prior to that , the pair played together at a 2009 event for the David Lynch Foundation . The Beatles ' other members , John Lennon and George Harrison , died in 1980 and 2001 , respectively . Unreleased 1963 Beatles tracks hit iTunes ahead of copyright deadline	Paul and Ringo to play together at "  Grammys Salute to Beatles " Pair is also performing at Grammy Awards , though maybe not together Ringo and Paul last played together in 2010 for Ringo 's 70th
London  CNN  -- News International chief James Murdoch rejected allegations Thursday his company behaved like a Mafia organization over the News of the World phone-hacking scandal . The accusation was put to the son of media tycoon Rupert Murdoch as he faced questions from lawmakers about what he knew and when . It is alleged that his company 's newspaper intercepted cellphone calls and messages of almost 5,800 royals , politicians , celebrities and business leaders -- and most controversially of all , a 13-year-old murder victim . Public outrage over the scandal later led News International to close the best-selling tabloid in July and abandon a bid to take over British broadcaster BSkyB . Questioning Murdoch about why so little information was shared , Labour Member of Parliament Tom Watson suggested the company operated an "  omerta " code of silence . He said the "  omerta " was "  a group of people who are bound together by secrecy , who together pursue their group 's business objectives with no regard for the law , using intimidation , corruption and general criminality . " "  Would you agree with me that this is an accurate description of News International in the UK ? " Watson asked . Murdoch replied : "  Absolutely not , I frankly think that 's offensive and it 's not true . " To gasps of amazement from fellow MPs on the Culture , Media and Sport Committee , Watson went on : "  You must be the first Mafia boss in history who did n't know he was running a criminal enterprise . " Murdoch rolled his eyes , before saying that comment was "  inappropriate . " He said he "  disputed vigorously " the version of events described by former News of the World editor Colin Myler and its former legal manager Tom Crone , who both left the company when the tabloid was closed . Myler and Crone claimed they made Murdoch aware of the contents of the so-called "  for Neville " e-mail in 2008 , indicating phone-hacking was widespread . The document is known as the "  for Neville " e-mail , apparently after its intended recipient Neville Thurlbeck , then News of the World 's chief reporter . CNN 's Atika Shubert said Murdoch was caught in a "  Catch-22 " situation : if he was n't aware of the extent of phone-hacking when the company paid an out-of-court settlement of $ 1.2 million to one victim , he could be seen to be incompetent ; if he did know about it , it could be regarded there was a cover-up . Murdoch has maintained he only found about the full extent of phone-hacking by staff and investigators at News of the World in 2010 and was not shown the e-mail . Asked by Watson if he had misled the committee during his previous high-drama appearance alongside his father in July , Murdoch said : "  No , I did not . " He added : "  I believe this committee was given evidence by individuals either without full possession of the facts , or now it appears in the process of my own discovery ... it was economical . " Asked if he was accusing Myler and Crone of misleading the committee , Murdoch replied : "  Certainly in the evidence they gave to you in 2011 in regard to my own knowledge , I believe it was inconsistent and not right , and I dispute it vigorously . " Questioned about the "  for Neville " e-mail that included transcripts of 35 hacked conversations , Murdoch denied again having seen it . His statement contradicted a letter Crone wrote to lawmakers in the summer saying he had "  no doubt " Murdoch was aware of the e-mail in a meeting before he signed the check for $ 1.2 million . Murdoch said Thursday : "  I want to be very clear . No documents were shown to me or given to me at that meeting or prior to it . " Taking a contrite tone , Murdoch told lawmakers that the scandal had "  humbled " the whole company and that he was "  very sorry " about what had happened . He also said the company had "  moved into an aggressive defense too quickly " when some of the claims were made against it in early 2010 . If he had known then what he knows now , he said , he would have acted differently . Murdoch 's position at the helm of News International is widely believed to have been jeopardized by the scandal , which has cost its parent company $ 150 million . Amid the furore , the Murdochs abandoned their attempt to buy the shares they did not own in British broadcaster BSkyB . Thursday 's hearing came only days after News International admitted the Sunday tabloid hired a private detective to spy on lawyers defending hacking victims . Murdoch said he had no knowledge of the "  appalling " and "  unacceptable " action for which he apologized "  unreservedly . " The phone-hacking scandal blew up in July when News International admitted investigators hacked into the phone of missing teenager Milly Dowler , deleting messages to allow room for more . This gave the 13-year-old 's family hope that she was still alive when she was already dead . Then it was alleged families of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as relatives of 9/11 victims had been targeted and police officers bribed . Amid a storm of outrage and a boycott by advertisers , News of the World was closed down shortly afterwards while chief executive Rebekah Brooks and long-time Murdoch aide Les Hinton resigned . In July the Murdochs were summoned before parliament . At the dramatic appearance , Rupert Murdoch denied he was to blame for the scandal , but declared that this was "  the most humble day of my life . " Afterwards , Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron said James Murdoch had "  questions to answer in Parliament , " after Myler and Crone accused their former boss of giving "  mistaken " evidence . Until this year , News International had maintained that hacking was confined to one rogue reporter , Clive Goodman , and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire , who were jailed in 2007 for intercepting the royal family 's phones . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	News International chief rejects claims his company behaved like Mafia organization James Murdoch grilled again by committee of Parliament over phone-hacking Murdoch accused two ex-News of the World executives of misleading lawmakers Newspaper allegedly intercepted phone calls and messages of almost 5,800 individuals
January 26 , 2015 President Obama plans to cut short a trip to India to visit Saudi Arabia . Today , we 're leading off with his reasons for traveling to both countries . We 'll bring you up to speed on a measles outbreak in California and tell you "  just the facts " about the disease . And if you have a telescope and clear skies , you 'll find out why tonight is a good one for asteroid-gazing . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's military has rescued 18 hostages held by militants in its oil-rich Niger Delta region , a military spokesman said Monday . File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters . The first group -- nine Filipinos and five Nigerians -- were released on Saturday , while four Ukrainians were released on Sunday , according to Col. Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's joint task force . Nigeria 's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week , its first major operation against the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , an armed militant group that demands a better distribution of the country 's oil wealth . Both the Nigerian military and the militants have said the ongoing fighting has resulted in a high number of casualties . As many as 1,000 have been killed , according to Victor Burubo , a spokesman for the Ijaw National Council which represents the region 's largest ethnic group . However , aid groups and journalists have been unable to verify that figure . "  We want the international community to know that we are getting rid of criminals and terrorists in our communities so foreigners who come here to work and invest are safe , " Abubakar said . Four villages near the militants ' camps have been destroyed in the fighting , Burubo said . However , the military spokesman stressed that Nigerian forces are not targeting civilians , blaming such attacks on the militants . "  We are not attacking villages -- just  militant  camps , " Abubakar said . On Friday , MEND declared "  an all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer . MEND has threatened to blockade oil vessels , and has warned oil companies in the region to leave and "  cease oil production until further notice . " The militant group said Friday the country 's armed forces conducted "  indiscriminate aerial bombardment on the defenseless civilians in the Gbaramatu area of Delta state . " It said the strikes were punishment "  for the humiliating defeat " of the army in raids on two militant camps Wednesday . "  Casualties are mostly women , children and the elderly who could not get away quickly into the bush or high sea , " the militant group said . The military says it is responding to the militants ' attacks on troops , hijackings of vessels , and threats to innocents , such as the "  expatriates who were given ultimatum to leave the region by the militants . " It characterized the various claims by the militants as "  propaganda . " "  We are not at war with any individuals or groups in the region , " Abubakar said . "  Ours is to protect lives and property and also to rid the region of criminals who hide under the guise of struggle agenda to perpetrate crime . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	9 Filipinos and 5 Nigerians released Saturday , 4 Ukrainians released Sunday Nigeria 's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week Operation against militants demanding better distribution of country 's oil wealth Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta has declared "  all-out war "
New York  CNN  -- A girl taken to a clinic for a skin rash had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent HIV and hepatitis after she was accidentally pricked by contaminated needles on the floor , according to the attorney for the family . Hailey Rodriguez , who turned 3 on Monday , is sick from the side effects of the drug cocktail she was given by Montefiore Medical Center after the ordeal , Susan Karten , Maklad 's attorney told CNN . Nadia Maklad took her daughter to the Montefiore Medical Pavilion in the Bronx on October 7 because Hailey had a minor skin rash . Maklad was talking to the doctor in the examination room when she heard her daughter screaming and crying . "  I asked her what happened . She lifted up her dress , her stomach was bleeding and her hand was bleeding . She pointed to a bin : it was a red bio hazard bin on the floor , " Maklad told CNN . "  The top was n't securely on , the opening where you put the needles was broken , the bin was full of uncapped dirty needles . " Steve Osborne , a spokesman for Montefiore , told CNN , "  We 've been consulting with the family regarding the incident , and working with them to see that appropriate care is provided . " "  How this could happen at an institution like Montefiore is beyond me , " Susan Karten , Maklad 's attorney told CNN . Rodriguez is at risk for HIV infecton and hepatitis ; she is taking the drug cocktail as preventative treatment as it takes six months to find out if she is infected with HIV , Karten explained to CNN .	New York girl had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent HIV and hepatitis She was accidentally pricked by contaminated needles left on the floor Her mother said top was n't securely on bio hazard bin full of uncapped dirty needles She 'll take drug cocktail for six months before determining whether she 's infected
CNN  -- Pakistan ca n't get no respect . In 2007 , Newsweek published an influential cover story proclaiming it "  the most dangerous country in the world . " The bill of particulars for this indictment typically includes the inarguable facts that the Taliban is headquartered in Pakistan , as is what remains of al-Qaeda , as well as an alphabet soup of other jihadist terrorist groups . And in 2011 , it became embarrassingly clear that Pakistan had harbored Osama bin Laden for almost a decade , even if unwittingly , in a city not far from the capital , Islamabad . Leading Pakistani liberals are routinely assassinated by militants . Two-time Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was killed when she returned from exile in 2007 . Around three years later , the governor of Punjab was shot to death by one of his own bodyguards because he had the temerity to suggest , correctly , that Pakistan 's onerous blasphemy laws tend to penalize its tiny Christian minority . The governor 's assassin was feted as a hero by many Pakistanis . Pakistani scientists have proliferated nuclear technology to the rogue state of North Korea . And Pakistan now has the fastest-growing nuclear weapons program in the world . Pakistan is also routinely gripped by Sunni-Shia violence , has a serious secessionist movement in the vast gas-rich province of Baluchistan and its financial capital , Karachi , is one of the world 's most dangerous cities . Add to this toxic brew the fact that Pakistan operates like a tea party paradise ; only about 2 % of the population pays income taxes , as a result of which the government does n't do much of anything for anybody . Lengthy power cuts are hollowing out Pakistan 's already weak economy , which , at its present 3 % growth rate , can not possibly sustain Pakistan 's youth bulge . But there is another side to Pakistan that suggests some underlying strengths that do n't make quite as good copy as the Taliban marching towards Islamabad , as they did in 2009 . Those strengths are Pakistan 's maturing institutions . Pakistan has a largely ineffectual state , but it has a vibrant civil society that picks up at least some of the government 's slack . The private Edhi Foundation , for instance , runs a fleet of 1,800 ambulances and a slew of other welfare services for the poor across Pakistan . As a result of this strong civil society , Pakistan had its version of the Arab Spring long before the wave of demands for accountable governments emerged in the Middle East . It was , after all , a movement of thousands of lawyers taking to the streets protesting the sacking of the Supreme Court chief justice by the military dictator Pervez Musharraf in 2007 that helped to dislodge Musharraf from power . Pakistan has a vibrant media . A decade ago , there was only Pakistan TV , which featured leaden government propaganda . Now there are dozens of news channels : many of them conspiracist and anti-American , but many of them also anti-Taliban and pro-democracy . In the past year , the Supreme Court has taken on the ISI , Pakistan 's powerful military intelligence agency , successfully demanding that the organization produce prisoners who had disappeared for years . In November , Pakistan agreed to a pact with long-time rival India granting India "  most favored nation " trading status ; something that would have been unimaginable a few years back . This important development was sanctioned by Pakistan 's powerful army , which is a significant player in the country 's economy and understands that one way out of Pakistan 's economic mess is to hitch itself to India 's much larger economy . Even U.S.-Pakistani relations -- which were at a nadir in 2011 because of a CIA contractor killing two Pakistanis , the bin Laden raid and the death of some two dozen Pakistani soldiers during a NATO airstrike -- are gingerly improving . Pakistan has recently reopened the ground routes for NATO supplies to cross Pakistan into Afghanistan , which were closed for months to protest the deaths of the Pakistani soldiers during the NATO airstrike . Tellingly , Pakistan has never even threatened to close the crucial air corridor across Pakistan that allows U.S. and NATO aircraft to fly into Afghanistan . One can get a sense of how important this air corridor is from the fact that Kandahar Air Field near the Pakistan border in southern Afghanistan is reported to have the busiest runway in the world with some 700 flights landing or taking off there every day . The present government is the first civilian government in Pakistani history that is poised to complete its full term of office sometime this year or early next year -- depending on when the next election is called -- without being overturned by a military coup or dismissed in some back room deal . And the military , which has seized power four times in the past six and half decades , has shown no interest in doing so again for the foreseeable future . The lengthy debate in Pakistan 's parliament that was completed in April about whether Pakistan should allow the United States to use armed CIA drones on its territory is a welcome intrusion of Pakistan 's civilian officials into the national security arena long monopolized by the military . The parliament called for the end of any U.S. drone strikes . Despite the visibility of the hardline religious parties on the streets of Pakistan , in the voting booth , these parties have recently fared very poorly . A coalition of pro-Taliban religious parties known as the MMA secured control of two of Pakistan 's four provinces in an election in 2002 and 11 % of the votes to the National Assembly . But the MMA garnered only a piddling 2 % of the vote in the 2008 election . And where Pakistan 's national interests are at stake , the military is aggressive against the Taliban . As the Taliban marched three years ago as close as 60 miles to Islamabad , the army launched major military operations in the northern region of Swat and the western area of South Waziristan to end the Taliban 's control of these areas . Pakistani officials are swift to point out , correctly , that as a result , more Pakistani soldiers have died fighting the Taliban than the servicemen of the U.S. and other NATO countries combined . Pakistan has a myriad of well-known problems , but it also has some residual strengths that often get obscured by rhetoric about the "  world 's most dangerous country . " Pakistan is no North Korea , and if Pakistanis really got a grip on their own problems , rather than too often resorting to blaming the United States or India for their ills , Pakistan might begin to look more like Turkey than Bangladesh . One good start along this path would be for the government to privatize Pakistan International Airways and the country 's steel mills , which hemorrhage public money and perform quite poorly . But this would require real political leadership , something that is in short supply in Pakistan . While Pakistan 's institutions are slowly maturing , its political class remains largely moribund .	Peter Bergen : The West looks at Pakistan as a country in dire straits Despite the politics , Bergen says Pakistan 's society is more stable than it first appears Civil society is stronger and Pakistan has agreed to trade pact with India , he points out Bergen : Pakistan 's military has acted to protect the nation from Taliban threat
Washington  CNN  -- Former Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon is expected to plead guilty on Tuesday in connection with his March arrest for allegedly soliciting bribes in exchange for promises to use his political influence to curry favors . According to court documents , Cannon , 47 , is scheduled to admit guilt to a single fraud-related count . He could face up to 20 years in prison and possible fines , according to the statute cited in court papers . The deal was struck nearly a month ago , but the documents were just made public on Monday . The plea is the latest chapter in a political saga which Cannon , once a politico wunderkind who was initially elected to the city council in 1993 at age 26 , just 20 years later found himself in the midst of an FBI corruption sting . The federal agents posed as commercial real estate developers and investors interested in conducting business in Charlotte , federal authorities said .	Patrick Cannon to enter plea to one fraud-related count , court documents show Cannon allegedly solicited bribes in exchange for his political influence He was a rising star in Democratic politics , but now faces up to 20 years in jail
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott met with protesters overnight and defended his position to not amend his state 's controversial "  stand your ground " law . "  Tonight , the protesters again asked that I call a special session of the legislature to repeal Florida 's ` stand your ground ' law , " Scott said in a written statement . "  I told them I agree with the Task Force on Citizen Safety and Protection , which concurred with the law . " Scott issued a proclamation Friday for a "  statewide day of prayer for unity . " The proclamation calls Trayvon Martin 's death a tragedy , notes that "  emotions are running high " and calls for Floridians to show unity . Earlier , Scott said that he mourns with Martin 's parents , but that he stands by the findings of the task force , which consulted with citizens and experts . The protesters are students and members of Dream Defenders , an activist group that participates in civic engagement and promotes nonviolent social change . They walked into Scott 's office Wednesday , led by Amon Gabriel , 9 , and asked to speak to the governor . After the protesters camped there for three days , Scott met with them overnight and told them he has not changed his position . The Dream Defenders say they will continue their sit-in until their demand is met . "  We 'd like the repeal of ` stand your ground ' or some type of modification where we can hold people responsible to a level that humanity expects , where we do n't have 17-year-olds getting gunned down with no justice for them and their families , " said the group 's legal and policy director , Ahmad Abuznaid . A call for reforms On Thursday , Florida officials joined state House Democratic Leader Perry Thurston in urging that reforms be made to the controversial law . One of those officials , Senate Democratic Leader Chris Smith , is refiling his legislation to change "  stand your ground . " "  We have a clear case that shows SYG has very troubling problems , and those problems are central to the well-being of Floridians , " he said . Though former neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman 's defense never cited "  stand your ground " laws in its case , the jury was instructed to consider them during deliberations . The jury acquitted Zimmerman of all charges Saturday in the 2012 shooting death of Martin , an unarmed 17-year-old . Stevie Wonder says he 'll boycott ` stand your ground ' states The Florida version of the law states , "  A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony . " Eight other states have laws worded similarly , while 22 total states , including Florida , have laws stating that residents have no "  duty " to retreat from a would-be attacker , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Civil rights groups attack the laws as racially motivated and are planning nationwide demonstrations . Stevie Wonder is refusing to perform in any state with such a law . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the laws "  try to fix something that was never broken " and now encourage "  violent situations to escalate in public . " But just as adamantly as the laws are decried , the National Rifle Association has stood by the measures it helped many states adopt . "  The attorney general fails to understand that self-defense is not a concept ; it 's a fundamental human right , " said Chris W. Cox , executive director of the NRA 's Institute for Legislative Action . "  To send a message that legitimate self-defense is to blame is unconscionable . " What are the chances of repeal ? As for those Dream Defenders at the Florida governor 's office , their protest may be futile . Scott 's office noted that the gubernatorial task force recommends the law stay in place , though with minor tweaks , including limiting neighborhood watches to observing and reporting . Daniel Webster , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research , said he doubts the protests will change anything . Overturning laws is n't incredibly common already , and with "  stand your ground , " there are complicating factors . The NRA is strong in the 22 states that have the laws , and "  I think there is some popular appeal to the notion , the very general notion , that citizens should be able to protect themselves and you should n't have to , in essence , run from crime . " Also , the laws are relatively new , most of them enacted in the past eight years , and it 's unlikely the same legislators who put "  stand your ground " laws on the books would suddenly be inclined to think they were wrong . "  The more common response is , they 're going to dig their heels , " he said . As a parallel , Webster offered the "  Draconian " drug sentencing laws of the 1980s , which hugely expanded incarceration rates , were outrageously expensive and did little to improve public safety . Yet , the country is only now examining those laws and considering their repeal . "  I assume , in part , that 's because the people who passed them are no longer there , " Webster said . The trickiest factor , however , is that proponents and opponents of "  stand your ground " can find in the Zimmerman case assertions to support their beliefs , he said . One side believes Martin attacked Zimmerman , and Zimmerman had no choice but to fire his weapon to defend himself . The other side believes Zimmerman racially profiled Martin , followed him against a dispatcher 's order and then shot a teen who was only reacting , perhaps out of fear , to being followed . "  You can find whatever you want to back your assumptions , " Webster said . Putting on his gun policy expert hat , Webster said he felt the laws are a "  very bad idea , " and they do n't do what they were intended to do : deter criminals and protect the citizenry . Doubts about ` stand your ground ' After Florida expanded its "  Castle Doctrine " laws to a "  stand your ground " provision in 2005 , the National District Attorneys Association released a report . It said a "  diminished sense of public safety " after 9/11 , a lack of confidence in the criminal justice system 's ability to protect victims , a perception that due process trumps victims ' rights and a decrease in gun legislation spurred the creation of "  stand your ground " laws . The study cited concerns from law enforcement officials , including doubts that it would deter criminals . "  There must be appreciation among the would-be criminals that deadly force can be used against them , leading to a change in criminal behavior , " the study said . "  Unfortunately , attendees at the National District Attorneys Association symposium expressed little confidence that criminals would take the provisions of the Castle Doctrine into consideration before committing a crime . " Webster pointed to a Texas A&M University study examining crime in more than 20 states that passed Castle Doctrine or "  stand your ground " laws from 2000 to 2010 . Researchers found that not only was there no decrease in robbery , burglary and aggravated assault , but there was an 8 % spike in reported murders and non-negligent manslaughter . "  The data are pretty compelling , showing that it increased justifiable homicides , and it increased homicides overall , " Webster said . "  In all likelihood , it really led to more altercations similar to the Zimmerman-Martin exchange . " Additional protests this weekend The Zimmerman verdict has been met by strong reactions . A national "  Justice for Trayvon " day is slated for Saturday in 100 cities , led by the Rev. Al Sharpton . The protesters will call for federal civil rights charges against Zimmerman . The rallies will take place outside of federal court buildings in cities across the country , including New York , Los Angeles and Chicago . CNN 's Rich Phillips in Tallahassee and Zaina Adamu in Atlanta contributed to this report , as did InSession 's Jessica Thill .	NEW : Florida 's governor calls for day of prayer for unity 22 states have laws saying residents have no "  duty " to retreat from attackers The National Rifle Association defends the laws , saying self-defense is a "  human right " Gun policy expert : The laws are a "  very bad idea " ; research shows they increase homicide
CNN  -- Former Temptations member Richard Street has died , his widow told CNN Entertainment on Wednesday . The 70-year-old soul and R&B singer died early Wednesday at St. Rose Dominican Hospital in Las Vegas , Cindy Street said . Richard Street experienced back pain and breathing difficulties Friday . When he went to a hospital , doctors found he had a clot in a lung , she said . "  He was really fighting for his life , " she said . "  He 's a fighter . " He is the second former Temptations member to die this month . Singer Damon Harris died February 18 in Baltimore . "  They 're dancing up there in heaven , him and Damon , " Cindy Street said . "  I 'm in disbelief right now . " "  He was part of black history . He was always proud of that . He sang on a lot of those classic songs : ` Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone , ' ` Hey Girl , ' ` Heavenly , ' ` Superstar , ' ` Masterpiece . ' " Last fall , Street performed 45 concert dates in Europe , she said . Street is survived by his wife of seven years and four children : Richard "  Ricky " Jr. , Nicole , Brandy and Brandon . Funeral services are tentatively scheduled for next week in Cypress , California , she said . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	The 70-year-old singer dies Wednesday in Las Vegas He experienced back pain and breathing difficulties last week , his widow says Street is the second former group member to die this month "  They 're dancing up there in heaven , " Cindy Street says
Attorney General Eric Holder promised Saturday to do all in his power to protect Americans ' right to vote . Speaking at the annual conference of the National Council of La Raza in Las Vegas , he praised the group and encouraged it to keep holding politicians ' feet to the fire . La Raza is the largest national Latino civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States . "  Despite the truth and transformative power of the American Dream and despite all the progress we 've made over the last 236 years , our nation 's struggle to overcome injustice and eliminate disparities remains far from over , " Holder said , according to a copy of his prepared remarks . Speaking on behalf of the U.S. Justice Department , which he helms , he said , "  We 'll do everything in our power to stand vigilant against any and all measures that threaten to undermine the effectiveness and integrity of our elections systems -- and to infringe on the single most important right of American citizenship : the right to vote . " Florida 's voting standoff deja vu ? Holder is likely to make similar comments next week at the annual convention of the NAACP in Houston , Texas , where he is scheduled to speak . Addressing the La Raza conference , the attorney general discussed how his department has responded over the last 18 months to proposed laws that could make it more difficult for some voters to cast ballots . For example , the Justice Department in March blocked a controversial new Texas law requiring voters to present personal identification before going to the polls , saying it could have a discriminatory effect on Hispanics and other minorities . Texas is among eight states to require official photo identification in an effort to stop what officials say is voter fraud . Opponents of the laws say they disenfranchise poor , minority and disabled voters . A similar voter ID law in South Carolina was blocked by the Obama administration in December . Texas and South Carolina then had the option of asking a federal court in the nation 's capital to review the laws , and allow them to be enforced this election year . A trial is scheduled to start Monday in Washington before a three-judge federal court on the proposed Texas ID law . "  In each of the jurisdictions where proposed changes can be shown to have no discriminatory purpose or effect , we 'll follow the law and approve the change . Where jurisdictions can not meet this threshold , we will object -- under the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and other laws -- in order to guarantee that all eligible citizens have unrestricted access to the ballot box , " said Holder . The landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 gives the federal government the power to oversee any changes in voting procedures in states and jurisdictions with a history of voter discrimination . Justice Department lawsuit challenges Florida voter purge Toward the beginning of his speech in Las Vegas , the attorney general joked that it was nice to be "  outside of Washington , " a possible reference to the pressure he 's been under there because of Fast and Furious -- a discredited gun-running operation that has become a sharp point of contention between Democrats and Republicans . The House of Representatives voted last week to hold Holder in contempt for refusing to turn over documents tied to the program . President Barack Obama has asserted executive privilege in the case , and Holder will not face criminal prosecution . Court upholds key tool of Voting Rights Act	Attorney General Eric Holder addresses the annual conference of La Raza The "  struggle to overcome injustice and eliminate disparities  is  far from over , " he says Holder is scheduled to deliver remarks at next week 's NAACP annual convention
Madrid  CNN  -- The Spanish nurse 's assistant who contracted Ebola after treating a patient with the deadly virus is feeling a little better and says she would treat Ebola patients again if she is cured , a family friend and spokeswoman said Wednesday . Teresa Romero Ramos is being treated at the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid , the same hospital where she contracted the illness while helping to care for an infected missionary who had been brought back from West Africa . She spoke to her husband , Javier Limon , by phone for 10 minutes , family spokeswoman Teresa Mesa told journalists outside the hospital Wednesday . She said Romero was stable and doing better , though hospital officials said Tuesday she remains in serious condition . Romero has been drinking water since Tuesday night , and doctors are hopeful about her condition , Mesa said . She 's not yet been able to eat anything . It was in her conversation with her husband that Romero said she would pick up where she left off in caring for Ebola patients , Mesa said . "  Javier told me she is such a fool that when she gets out of here , she will do it again , " Mesa said "  He said , ` Honey , are you going to do it again ? ' And she said , ` Do what ? ' And he says , ` Well , that . Risk your life . ' And she says , ` Yeah , but now I have the antivirus , now it 's OK . ' That was the response of Teresa . " For Ebola caregivers , enormous fear , risk and bravery Romero does n't know about dog 's death Romero asked Limon about her dog but does not yet know that it was put down by officials concerned that it might carry the Ebola virus , Mesa said . Hundreds of thousands of people signed a petition to try to stop authorities from euthanizing the dog , while dozens of protesters demonstrated outside the couple 's home . Limon , who has been kept under observation in a hospital as a high-risk contact , has criticized authorities ' handling of the Ebola crisis . In a scathing letter released Monday , he said his wife had received only 30 minutes of training in putting on protective gear and called for the resignation of Madrid 's regional health minister . A special committee set up by the government to handle the outbreak said Wednesday that all 15 people under observation in hospital remained asymptomatic . Meanwhile , the Spanish government continues to deal with the fallout of Romero becoming the first person to contract Ebola in the current outbreak outside Africa . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy faced a grilling in Parliament on Wednesday from opposition lawmakers over the government 's response so far . A hospital source told journalists Wednesday that one floor of the facility is being remodeled to better prepare it for handling Ebola cases . How did Spanish nurse catch Ebola ? Spanish bases As international efforts to combat Ebola grow larger , the United States is seeking permission to use two of Spain 's bases as a transit point for flights to Africa carrying military personnel and supplies . Spain has agreed that some U.S. flights heading to Africa can use its Rota naval and Moron air bases -- but has not yet approved their use by flights returning from Africa , a Spanish Defense Ministry spokesman said Wednesday . The United States already has troops stationed at those bases . Spanish Defense Minister Pedro Morenes is due to meet U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel in Washington on Friday . U.S. Ambassador to Madrid James Costos told Spain 's Antena 3 TV station that the United States was not planning for U.S. military personnel to provide direct patient care or for U.S. military aircraft to transport symptomatic patients . He said the U.S. request was being considered on case-by-case basis . The U.S. Embassy has said a small number of such transit flights have already been approved . Washington is hoping Spain will approve the wider request . The U.S. Embassy has said Rota and Moron are two among other bases the United States would use in various countries , as the military tries to keep different options available for the transit of personnel and supplies in the Ebola fight . There are more than 500 U.S. troops in the region currently , and the Pentagon has authorized the deployment of up to 4,000 to assist in fighting the virus . Troops are not expected to treat Ebola patients , but there is an acknowledgment by the Pentagon that some could be at risk of coming into contact with the virus . CNN 's Victoria Eastwood , Barbara Starr and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Spanish nurse 's assistant Teresa Romero Ramos speaks to her husband by phone Romero says she 'd treat Ebola patients again if cured , a family spokeswoman says She is doing better and has been able to drink some water ; doctors are hopeful Spain is considering a U.S. request to use Spanish bases in mission to fight Ebola
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Health and Human Services ' acting secretary has appointed Dr. Richard Besser as the interim director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . William Gimson will return to his position as the CDC 's chief operating officer . He replaces William Gimson , who took over as interim CDC director at noon on January 20 . Gimson notified CDC employees that HHS acting secretary Charles E. Johnson had announced the appointment . Gimson replaced Dr. Julie Gerberding , who was the head of the CDC from 2002 until two days ago . Gerberding , along with other senior officials , also resigned on January 20 , when Barack Obama and his administration took over . Past HHS secretary Michael Leavitt said that the interim directors would take over until the next HHS nominee -- former Sen. Tom Daschle -- is confirmed and makes the permanent appointments . Gimson told employees he 's returning to his post as the CDC 's chief operating officer . The CDC usually has a physician as its director , which Gimson is not . According to the biography posted on the CDC Web site , Besser 's last position at the CDC was as the director of the Coordinating Office for Terrorism Preparedness and Emergency Response , where he was responsible for public health emergency preparedness and emergency response activities . According to CDC sources , Besser was seeing patients when he learned of his new position . In addition to heading the CDC bioterrorism preparedness division , he is a practicing pediatrician .	Dr. Richard Besser has been designated acting director of the CDC Besser replaces William Gimson as interim director Dr. Julie Gerberding was CDC head from 2002 to end of Bush administration HHS-nominee Tom Daschle , upon confirmation , will appoint permanent CDC head
CNN  -- Heidi Klum knows that modeling is a young woman 's game . In the latest issue of InStyle magazine , the supermodel claims that models , like food , spoil after a certain age . "  Models have a sell-by date , " the 36-year old Klum said in the interview . The mother of four -- who recently changed her last name to Samuel for her husband , the singer known as "  Seal " -- also said that there are certain jobs she just does n't do anymore . "  Like the young , sexy , cute things for teenagers , or even 25-year-old girls . I go in a different bracket now , " Klum said . InStyle : See highlights of the Klum issue The German-born model entered a different bracket of current and former models in 2004 when she became an entrepreneur with the television series "  Project Runway . " Klum signed on as host , judge and executive producer of the reality show , in which up-and-coming fashion designers compete for the chance to receive money to launch their own fashion line . In 2009 Forbes magazine estimated Klum 's income at $ 16 million . The new season of "  Project Runway " kicks off Season 7 on Lifetime network on Thursday . In March Klum and fellow judge designer Michael Kors will be starring in their own "  Project Runway " video game , in which players can design fashion lines , choose their models , strut down the catwalk , and strike a pose in a photo shoot . InStyle 's February issue hits newsstands on Friday , January 15 .	Heidi Klum recognizes that modeling is mainly for younger people Klum has diversified her image -- notably by hosting "  Project Runway " Latest season of the fashion design competition begins Thursday
CNN  -- An Ohio sheriff had harsh words for ice fishermen who had to be rescued Saturday after high winds and rising temperatures caused an ice floe to break away and strand about 150 of them on Lake Erie . People were stuck when an 8-mile-long chunk of Lake Erie ice broke away near Toledo , Ohio . The incident , in which one person was pronounced dead after being transported to the hospital , came after the National Weather Service issued a warning that ice floes could break away from the main ice area in the western section of the lake . At least some of those rescued were fishermen . "  This just cost the taxpayers a ton of money , " Ottawa County , Ohio , Sheriff Bob Bratton said . "  We lost a life out there today . ... I 'm sorry a man lost his life out there today . These people should have known better . " Bratton said those rescued should never have been on Lake Erie in the first place because weather conditions made it risky , and "  if there was a section in the code about common sense , we would have had 150 arrests out there today . " Watch sheriff express frustration " A spokesman for the U.S. Coast Guard said the person who died fell in the water when the ice floe broke away from land . View ice safety tips " "  We have rescued more than 150 people , and unfortunately there were two people in the water , " Chief Petty Officer Robert Lanier said . "  One of the people was recovered and brought to shore , " but the other man was pronounced dead after being taken to a hospital . "  This was wrong . These people endangered the life of volunteer firemen , -LSB- and -RSB- the United States Coast Guard , " Bratton said , estimating the cost of the sheriff 's office response at $ 25,000 . "  I 'm sure that 's going to climb . " Bratton told the Cleveland Plain Dealer that the fishermen displayed poor judgment in building a makeshift bridge to get from one section of the ice to the other . "  I have no problem with people ice fishing , but these idiots should realize that when you see open water , you should not build a bridge and cross it , " he said . "  It 's a shame you ca n't arrest people for stupidity . " Among the hundreds of people who went fishing Saturday were Gary and David Vaughn of Conneaut Lake , Pennsylvania . They told the Plain Dealer that they set up a shanty about 7 a.m. and did n't come back out until 11 a.m. , when they saw a crowd gathered at the edge of the ice . It was then that they knew they were in trouble . "  When we were over there waiting to be rescued , we feared the ice would just break up under us , " Gary Vaughn , 47 , told the newspaper . "  I feared for my life . " The sheriff told the Toledo Blade that the people who went out on the ice did not take proper precautions . "  Where is the common sense when they know the ice is broken ? " Bratton said . "  The experienced fishermen , I guarantee , are not out there , " he told the newspaper . "  They 're not reading the weather . If the ice is broke , you do n't build a little bridge to get from here to there . " "  Ice fishing and recreation on the ice is a culture in the Great Lakes . It 's something we 've become used to , " Lanier said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Share your photos , story The sheriff said there were a host of factors that the fishermen should have been aware of , which caused them to risk their lives unnecessarily . "  The weather changed ; the temperature went up ; the wind was coming out of the south . These are all things that are indicators -LSB- that an ice floe break could occur -RSB- . " Asked whether there are signs or other notification systems to discourage fishermen from going out on the ice under risky conditions , Bratton said there are only Web sites fishermen can check . "  We will go back and look at that , " he said . "  We ca n't develop the attitude , ` Go out on the ice . If you get caught , we 'll be there to get you . We 'll bring you in . ' You 've got to have common sense . " Watch lake officials describe rescue efforts " Unprecedented numbers of fishermen have taken to the ice this winter because thicker ice allowed them to go farther out onto the lake , according to the Plain Dealer . But Saturday 's unseasonably high temperatures apparently melted chunks of the ice . The ice floe , 8 miles long , was created when a large piece of ice broke off from land near Locust Point , Ohio , east of Toledo , Lanier said earlier . View a map of the area " Numerous helicopters participated in the rescue , Lanier said , including those from the Canadian Coast Guard , the U.S. Coast Guard , Ohio State University and Monroe County . State hovercraft were on the scene as well , and airboats were sent , he said . Those rescued were brought to a staging area at a park , Lanier said .	NEW : Frustrated sheriff asks , "  Where is the common sense ? " One person dead , 150 people rescued after ice floe breaks away National Weather Service warned that floes could separate
CNN  -- When Tiger Woods invoked his religious faith during his public apology on Friday , he readily acknowledged that a lot of people would be surprised . "  People probably do n't realize it , " he said , "  but I was raised a Buddhist , and I actively practiced my faith from childhood until I drifted away from it in recent years . " But Woods said his Buddhist faith would be a key part of his quest to put his life back together after revelations of his marital infidelity , which he admitted for the first time . Buddhist experts said Woods ' summation of the tradition 's beliefs was accurate -- and that his remarks likely will bring more attention to the faith in a week when its highest profile leader , the Dalai Lama , is visiting the United States . "  I have a lot of work to do , and I intend to dedicate myself to doing it , " Woods said , reading a statement from Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida . "  Part of following this path for me is Buddhism , which my mother taught me at a young age . " "  Buddhism teaches that a craving of things outside ourselves causes an unhappy and pointless search for security , " he continued . "  It teaches me to stop following every impulse and to learn restraint . Obviously , I lost track of what I was taught . " A handful of Buddhist scholars said Woods ' description of Buddhist teaching was spot on . "  Woods was quite accurate , " said Janet Gyatso , a professor of Buddhist studies at Harvard University . "  Craving causes unhappiness . That 's a fundamental Buddhist idea . " A 1996 Sports Illustrated profile suggested that Woods -- then in his early 20s -- took his faith seriously . He visited a Buddhist temple with his mother each year around his birthday , slept near a mother-of-pearl Buddha from his Thai grandfather , and wore a gold Buddha around his neck , according to the profile . Woods ' mother , Kultilda , is a Thai-born Buddhist . "  I like Buddhism because it 's a whole way of being and living , " Tiger Woods told Sports Illustrated . "  It 's based on discipline and respect and personal responsibility . I like Asian culture better than ours because of that . " When allegations of Woods ' infidelity began emerging after a November 27 car accident , Fox News Channel host Brit Hume stirred controversy by publicly advising the golf pro to become a Christian . "  He 's said to be a Buddhist -- I do n't think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith , " Hume said . "  So my message to Tiger would be : Tiger , turn to the Christian faith and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world . " But Buddhist scholars say that forgiveness and redemption are core components of the faith . "  You 're always beginning again in the Buddhist tradition , " said John Kornfield , a prominent Buddhist teacher based in California . "  You see that you 're causing harm , you repent and ask forgiveness in some formal or informal way , and you start again . " Some Buddhism experts said that 's what Woods appeared to be trying to do today . Many Buddhists applauded Woods ' statement . "  The fact that people could see this kind of behavior causes suffering is an incredibly important message for all kinds of people who respect Woods , " said Kornfield . Buddhism was in the spotlight this week before Woods ' remarks , with the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama -- a Buddhist -- meeting with President Obama in Washington on Thursday . Buddhism is among the world 's largest religions , with about 350 million adherents , including about 1.2 million in the United States , according to a 2009 report by Trinity College . The faith began in India about 2,500 years ago .	Woods : "  People probably do n't realize it , but I was raised a Buddhist " Golf great , addressing controversy on Friday , says he had "  drifted " from his faith "  Woods was quite accurate " in his summation of Buddhism , one scholar says After affairs made news , Fox 's Brit Hume publicly urged Woods to embrace Christianity
Baghdad  CNN  -- The U.S. military has handed over five condemned members of Saddam Hussein 's regime , including two of the former dictator 's half-brothers , to Iraqi authorities , a Justice Ministry spokesman said Friday . All five members were tried and sentenced to death and are expected to be executed within a month , said the spokesman , Haider al-Saadi . The United States handed over Watban Ibrahim Hassan and Sabawi Ibrahim al-Tikriti , Hussein 's half-brothers , as well as former Defense Minister Sultan Hashem Ahmad and former Gens . Hussein Rashid and Aziz Saleh al-Tuman , al-Saadi said . The five were among the last 206 Iraqis the United States was holding at Camp Cropper , a detention facility near the Baghdad airport that was transferred to the Iraqis in July , 2010 . Saddam Hussein spent three years jailed at Camp Cropper before his execution in December 2006 . The transfer of the detainees represents the final steps of the U.S. military relinquishing control of Camp Cropper , part of the drawdown in Iraq . "  As the Iraqi government gains the ability to hold prisoners requiring higher security standards , they are taking physical custody , " said U.S. military spokesman Col. Barry Johnson . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The detainees include two of Saddam Hussein 's half-brothers They were all tried and condemned to die The transfer is the last step in the United States relinquishing control of Camp Cropper
Omar Hameed has no regrets about having worked with American forces while a Falluja police officer . Nor does he have hope -- at least in Iraq . "  There 's no future for me here , " the stoic 37-year-old man said . "  No future for me or for my kids . " That 's why he is trying to get help from the country whose forces he once helped by applying for asylum in the United States with his wife and their four young children . Having a normal life in Iraq is unfeasible , Hameed contends . He is a marked man , targeted by militants overrunning his hometown of Falluja and other parts of his Middle Eastern nation . Need proof of his suffering , evidence of the steep price he 's paid for having partnered with the United States and its Iraqi allies ? Look down at Hameed 's legs : One was blown off below the knee , the other at the upper thigh . READ MORE : ` Bad old days ' return to Baghdad From mechanic to Falluja police officer Hameed had been a mechanic during the last days of Saddam Hussein 's reign , before the U.S.-led invasion led to the heavy-handed leader 's capture in December 2003 . Hussein 's capture and other decisions opened a vacuum in Iraq , during which U.S.-led international forces teamed with their fledgling Iraqi allies to quell ongoing violence . It also opened the door for Hameed to find a new calling as a police officer . One sign of the trouble around him came in 2004 , when he spotted al Qaeda-linked insurgents planting a bomb outside his Falluja home . Dressed in black , the men worked fast to hide their handiwork in the dirt . "  I went out and spoke to them , and they told me to shut up or they would put my head on the sidewalk , " Hameed recalls . "  I just had to turn around and walk inside . " But he did n't stay completely quiet . Hameed discreetly alerted American forces -- who were being targeted routinely by such militants -- about the bomb . U.S. troops showed up later at his central Iraqi house and made a very public display of arresting him . But it was all an act , Hameed explained , saying the Americans told him they had to make it "  look real because they wanted to take me to their base to talk . " In those conversations , Hameed said the coalition troops reached out to him . "  They asked if I would help them because of my police work , " he remembered . "  And I agreed . " READ MORE : Ex-PM says violence could ` burn up ' region Parts of 2 legs lost , wrist deformed Hameed returned to once again patrol the streets of Falluja . He also continued his alliance with U.S. forces , as evidenced in photographs of him proudly standing with American troops . Official documents signed by American officers praised his intelligence work and declared his efforts had undoubtedly saved American and Iraqi lives . But having such friends did n't mean Hameed was safe , especially after coalition forces started to pull out of Iraq . Nor did it mean that everyone was pleased with his work . He found that out in 2009 , as he left his Falluja home to do some shopping . "  As I was driving my car , it suddenly exploded , " Hameed said , adding that a "  sticky " bomb had been affixed to his car . Two weeks in a Falluja hospital were followed by a year at medical facilities in Amman , Jordan . It left him with his left wrist scarred and deformed , twisted at a jarring angle . Today , there are prosthetics where the rest of Hameed 's legs used to be , causing him to walk stiffly and awkwardly and to use a cane for balance . Still , he walks proudly . ' I do n't know what to do ' Hameed has spent the past few years moving between Jordan and relatives in northern Iraq , in addition to clandestine visits to Falluja to see his wife and children for a day or two . Coming home has become more dangerous in recent months in Falluja . This city some 70 kilometers  45 miles  west of Baghdad is seeing some of its worst violence in at least half a decade . Conflicting reports indicate the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria -- formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq -- partially control the city in Anbar province . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki this month told his troops not to strike residential neighborhoods in Falluja , while at the same time appealing to the city 's residents and tribes to expel "  terrorists " there . READ MORE : Is Iraq worse than ever ? Amid all this turmoil , Hameed has n't been able to escape , even as he 's tried to keep a low profile . In a visit there January 4 , he said insurgents stopped him at a roadblock , tied up his hands and took him to a mosque they controlled . Hameed thought he was a dead man . "  They told me , ` We know you are Omar , you were working with the American troops and Iraqi police , " he recalled . The militants showed him some mercy after he showed them the results of the bombing that maimed him . But he was n't released until a few hours later , following what he described as calls from tribal leaders who argued that his severe injuries were punishment enough for cooperating with the Americans . Hameed has n't turned back . His wife , 13-year-old son and three young daughters -- ages 9 , 7 and 2 -- are now with him elsewhere in Iraq . They are waiting , like many other Iraqis , for American diplomats to decide on their asylum application . It 's been about a year now . Hameed argues his work with the Americans , the injuries he suffered because of that and the continued threats to his life are all reasons he and his family should be allowed to take the 7,000-mile journey across the Atlantic . Until then , he 's in many ways lost in his homeland . "  I can not work in Falluja , and I ca n't in Baghdad , " Hameed said . "  I do n't know what to do . "	Omar Hameed was a policeman in Falluja , where he worked with U.S. forces He says a bomb that destroyed parts of his legs was retribution for those efforts He , his wife and their four young children applied for U.S. asylum a year ago Hameed says he has no regrets , but remaining in Iraq is n't feasible
CNN  -- The Washington Post 's Chris Cillizza recently gave President Barack Obama his "  Worst Year in Washington " award . Indeed , Cillizza wrote that there was a growing sense among the public that "  Obama simply is n't up to the job to which he was elected twice . " But while it 's hard to argue that Obama has not had a difficult 12 months , the notion that this President is somehow done or a lame duck just does n't feel quite right . The fact is the office of the president is still the most dynamic change agent in our political system . And unlike Congress or the Supreme Court , which go in and out of session , the President is on 24/7 , with significant power at his disposal , a point underscored by recent initiatives on immigration , climate change and Cuba . "  My presidency 's entering the fourth quarter , " Obama said in a press conference Friday . "  Interesting stuff happens in the fourth quarter , and I 'm looking forward to it . " That 's particularly the case on foreign policy , where presidents usually go when they 're stymied at home . And while Obama is clearly not the transformative foreign policy hero his supporters hoped he would be , neither is he the appeaser in chief his detractors claim . So , six years into his presidency , how is Obama 's foreign policy shaping up , and what can we expect in his final two years ? He 's the anti-terrorist in chief Obama 's base may have wanted  and expected  a kinder , gentler leader when it came to the policy of killing America 's enemies abroad . Instead , the President doubled down in Afghanistan in 2009 , had Osama bin Laden killed , dismantled much of al Qaeda central and has used drone strikes with a frequency and lethality that makes him look like George W. Bush on steroids . The raw numbers speak for themselves : As of November 21 , the United States had conducted 500 targeted killings  about 98 % of them with drones  , "  which have killed an estimated 3,674 people , including 473 civilians , " according to the Council on Foreign Relations ' Micah Zenko , citing State Department numbers . About 50 of these were authorized by Bush , and some 450 and counting by Obama . The President may have declared in May 2013 that the global war on terror is over . But there 's no reason to believe that the trend line on specific counterterror attacks will go anywhere but up . Indeed , Syria and the war against ISIS is proving to be a new frontier . He 's no nation-builder Obama was determined to pull U.S. forces out of Afghanistan and Iraq and end America 's combat role there . That is n't likely to happen by the time he leaves the White House . Indeed , it 's possible by 2016 you might even see special forces expand their numbers in Iraq and enter Syria , too . But what the President has done is to refrain from illusory efforts at using American forces to reconstruct Iraq or Afghanistan , let alone Syria . If you want to understand Obama 's policies on ISIS and the reintroduction of U.S. special forces into Iraq , it 's best to look at them as significant counterterrorism operations designed both to enable the United States to hit targets and to train and equip local allies to do so . But the reality is that Obama is determined not to be drawn into another trillion-dollar social science experiment to see whether he can put the Iraq , Afghan and Syrian Humpty Dumpties back together again . Even when it comes to Syria , the President has been reluctant to establish "  no-fly " zones to neutralize Bashar al-Assad 's air power and create sanctuaries for training opposition forces . Indeed , the massive deployment of U.S. ground forces or billions in assistance to those bottomless money pits are red lines that this President is unlikely to cross in the next two years . He 's a true believer in engagement When Obama said back in the 2008 campaign that he was prepared to engage America 's adversaries , he really was n't kidding . The President is a committed internationalist with global sensibilities -- and probably far too invested in the power of diplomacy as the talking cure . Last year , using secret diplomacy , Obama started a process of negotiation on the Iranian nuclear issue and normalization efforts with Cuba that he hopes will produce real change . He all but admitted in his press conference last week that change will be slow , but he reaffirmed his faith and belief in the power of engagement . But belief in significant change in authoritarian states such as Cuba and Iran really represents the triumph -- at least for the moment -- of hope over experience . There 's not a whole lot of evidence to suggest that real transformation ever occurs in these societies when driven from the outside -- it did n't in China , Russia or Vietnam . In Iran 's case , buying time through diplomacy is premised on the highly arguable assumption that over time , Iran will somehow moderate its views and that the Iranian public , now freed from sanctions and integrated into the international community , wo n't want to return to the old days and will press their leaders to avoid becoming a pariah again . But being one screwdriver 's turn away from a nuke may well be an Iranian national priority that the President 's hope may not be able to alter . The next two years Anyone watching the President 's press conference last week could feel just how energized he was . And it was n't just because he was going on vacation -- Obama can no doubt feel the pull of wanting to leave a positive legacy . Right now , he likely believes the corner has been turned on the economy , and he may even feel things are breaking his way on foreign policy , too . After all , ISIS ' momentum has at least been temporarily stalled , while the decline in oil prices has taken Russian President Vladimir Putin down a notch or two . Plus , if Israeli elections due in March produce a more centrist government , John Kerry may start pushing Obama to get more engaged in the long-stalled peace process . Yet challenges remain -- the possibility of a terror attack always looms at home , while North Korea , Syria and Iraq are proving to be ongoing thorns in the U.S. side . And presidential luck can evaporate just as easily as it has appeared . Still , as tough as 2014 was , and although 2015 brings with it a Republican-controlled Congress bound to take some wind out of his sails , one thing is abundantly clear -- driven by legacy and momentum , this lame duck president plans to be doing a lot of quacking next year .	Aaron David Miller : President Obama is not the appeaser in chief his detractors claim Miller : President doubled down in Afghanistan in 2009 , had Osama bin Laden killed Obama is a committed internationalist , Miller says President can feel the pull of wanting to leave a positive legacy , he says
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Clarence Thomas has an abundance of two things that are often in short supply whenever Americans talk about race : courage and common sense . The only African-American on the Supreme Court displayed both this week in speaking to a small gathering of students and faculty at Palm Beach Atlantic University , a nondenominational Christian school in Florida . In a series of provocative and insightful comments about race that were first reported by Yahoo! News and confirmed by several people who attended the talk and heard the remarks firsthand , Thomas dropped a few bombshells . This got people 's attention because -- nearly 25 years after his bitter confirmation battle -- Thomas remains a lightning rod for controversy , and because he rarely speaks while on the bench . Apparently , he has been saving the best stuff for the public remarks that he delivers in more casual settings . Like this one : "  My sadness is that we are probably today more race and difference-conscious than I was in the 1960s when I went to school , " Thomas told the audience . "  To my knowledge , I was the first black kid in Savannah , Georgia , to go to a white  Catholic  school . Rarely did the issue of race come up . " He went on to note that , these days , many Americans talk about race a lot and have a hair trigger on the subject . "  Now , name a day  race  does n't come up , " Thomas said . "  Differences in race , differences in sex , somebody does n't look at you right , somebody says something . Everybody is sensitive . " The sensitive include Samuel L. Jackson . In a cringe-inducing confrontation , Jackson scolded an entertainment reporter at a Los Angeles television station after the journalist , in asking about a Super Bowl commercial , appeared to confuse Jackson for another African-American actor -- Laurence Fishburne . Both actors had appeared in Super Bowl commercials , and the reporter seemed to get them mixed up . "  You 're as crazy as the people on Twitter . I 'm not Laurence Fishburne ! " Jackson said during a live TV interview with KTLA 's Sam Rubin . "  We do n't all look alike . We may be all black and famous , but we all do n't look alike . You 're busted . " Rubin immediately apologized for the mistake , but Jackson kept razzing him . It was overkill . "  I 'm the other guy , " the actor said . "  There 's more than one black guy doing a commercial . I 'm the ` What 's in your wallet ? ' black guy . He 's the car black guy . Morgan Freeman is the other credit card black guy . You only hear his voice , though , so you probably wo n't confuse him with Laurence Fishburne . " It seemed to be all in good fun , but it was still hard to watch . Rubin made a mistake . But it looked like Jackson was the one with the problem . Rubin did have some defenders . They include CNN 's Don Lemon , who -- after a contentious exchange between guests on a show he was hosting -- seemed to agree with Thomas that "  people are really sensitive when it comes to race . " Finally , Thomas took aim at a group that often gets a pass for its mistreatment of minorities that it claims to be helping . "  The worst I have been treated was by northern liberal elites , " he said . "  The absolute worst I have ever been treated , the worst things that have been done to me , the worst things that have been said about me , are by northern liberal elites , not by the people of Savannah , Georgia . " Only Thomas can speak to how he has been treated in his life , and who treated him worse . That is a personal matter . As one of the most conservative members of the High Court , he obviously has little respect for liberals . And the feeling is entirely mutual . And yet , we can expect Thomas ' observation about "  northern liberal elites " to resonate with many other African-Americans and Latinos who have been criticized , attacked , or disparaged by this bunch for veering off the script of how minorities are supposed to think , speak and behave . Those minorities are often treated as defective in some way and certainly not representative of their respective communities . They 're an aberration , an anomaly , a mistake . Make no mistake . The friction here is n't about politics . It 's about something more primal : control . Liberals wanted to give people like Clarence Thomas every right except , it turns out , the right to think for themselves . If you forget that , you 'll be labeled a "  sellout , " a "  traitor , " a "  right wingnut " or worse . Most Americans probably look back on Thomas ' confirmation hearings in the fall of 1991 , and think that what made them so messy were those unseemly accusations of sexual harassment by Anita Hill . That was a sideshow . The real reason for the tension in those hearings was that Thomas represents something liberals ca n't stand : a black conservative . Those on the left see conservatives of color as a kind of sociological experiment gone bad -- these are people who are ungrateful for the many opportunities they were provided by the liberal establishment which , in return , asked for only three things : undying loyalty , constant agreement , and lifelong subservience . Thomas does n't play that game . He never has . And that 's why he is always at the center of the storm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Clarence Thomas said America may be too sensitive about race today Ruben Navarrette says Thomas displays courage and common sense He says the justice is right in saying Northern liberal elites are less tolerant of differing views Navarrette : Those on the left do n't view conservatives of color as legitimate
Hundreds of Boko Haram militants attacked an Air Force base and a military checkpoint in the northeastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri early Monday , according to government officials . Loud explosions were heard between 3 and 4 a.m. and several ambulances were seen leaving the base . The number of casualties is unknown . The governor of Borno state has imposed a strict 24-hour curfew forcing citizens to remain indoors and all air traffic in the state has been halted . Borno is one of three embattled states in northeastern Nigeria that have been under a state of emergency since May as the region is the hotbed for Boko Haram Islamists trying to impose a strict version of Sharia , or Islamic law . Last week Human Rights Watch said Boko Haram has abducted scores of women and girls and used children as young as 13 in their campaign of violence . The report says Boko Haram has killed 3,000 people since 2009 . Cameroon blames Boko Haram in French priest 's kidnapping U.S. designates Boko Haram , its offshoot as terrorist as organizations	Boko Haram militants attacked an air base in Maiduguri early Monday The Nigerian government issued at 24 hours curfew forcing people to stay inside The region in northeastern Nigeria has been under a state of emergency since May
