CNN  -- I dreaded the Ferguson grand jury response for weeks . Not simply because I knew it was likely to lead to more heartache and unrest for the black community -- my community -- but because it would most certainly dredge up deep internal conflict for me . I 'm raising a black boy to be a black man . So the grand jury 's decision seems to double down on a pattern in this country of killing black boys without care or consequences . But I 'm raising my black son with my black husband , who also happens to be a police officer in Washington . And being the wife of an officer means I ca n't support either camp fully -- neither the outraged black community nor the justice system sworn to protect us . When my husband first donned his uniform nearly 10 years ago , I told him clearly and directly : "  You do whatever you must to come home to me . " Nearly a decade and three children later , he 's heeded that order , navigating the dangers that only populate my nightmares -- just to make sure he comes home . The irony is n't lost on me . I know what the research says . I know that this country often denies agency to African-American boys , and that they 're often seen as a threat just by virtue of their skin color . Opinion : Justice system unfair to minorities But in moments such as this , it 's the denial of agency to law enforcement officers that angers me . All cops are n't bad . All cops are n't racist . Many cops have spouses and children . They have loved ones and friends and pets . They leave all this every day to place themselves in harm 's way for people they never meet . They love their communities . They want the law of the land to work as it 's supposed to . They do n't like to see children hurt , people taken advantage of . They are people doing a job that few are brave enough to take on . So when I heard St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCullough describe how Michael Brown allegedly lunged at Officer Darren Wilson in his police car , I knew it was likely that my husband could have responded the same way : shoot to disable the threat . Do what he must to make it home to us at night . This is part of my reality . It 's how I process these incidents now . But it was also my reality when , as we sped home to relieve our sitter one night , my husband and I were pulled over by a police officer on a dark , wooded parkway in Virginia . And I watched my husband , an officer for nearly 10 years , immediately turn off the car , turn on all the interior lights , place the keys on the dashboard and put his hands on the steering wheel . Opinion : Ferguson shows failure at every level He turned to me , calmly and coolly , and said , "  Get our insurance card out . Do n't make any sudden moves , and leave your hands on your lap . " I froze . I teared up , and fear welled up as a lump in my throat . Because that night , before he was an officer , my husband was a black man . Like Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin and Oscar Grant . These conflicting parts of my reality are why the South Carolina state trooper shooting earlier this year is n't , to me , a black-and-white case of excessive force used by white law enforcement on an unarmed black teenager . And it 's why I 've not waded into the debate waters on Michael Brown either . Because I need my husband and his colleagues to make it home . Every night . So I ca n't "  like " many of the stirring posts I scroll through on Facebook or Instagram or Twitter . I ca n't post my own rants of outrage at the failings of our justice system , nor can I post any statement that might be interpreted as in support of the Ferguson officer . Not because I ca n't connect to them or feel them on some level , but because it 's complicated . And complicated in a way that no one seems to respect or acknowledge or care to understand .	Safiya Jafari Simmons say her husband is a police officer and she 's raising a black boy Simmons says the Ferguson verdict dredges up deep internal conflict for her As a police officer 's wife , she ca n't support the outraged black community or justice system
New York  CNN  -- A judge ruled Thursday that the World Trade Center 's developers can not collect billions in damages from companies whose planes were commandeered in the September 11 terrorist attacks . World Trade Center Properties , or WTCP , first sued United Airlines , American Airlines and other aviation companies in 2004 , claiming their negligence resulted in the 9/11 terrorist attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center towers . U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein agreed with the airlines , who argued the developers were in essence trying to "  double dip " by getting money from the airlines after collecting from their insurance policies . Last month , Hellerstein -- who frequently hears cases related to 9/11 -- denied a motion by the airlines to have the case dismissed based on the $ 4.9 billion in insurance payouts to WTCP since 2001 . According to a complaint filed on behalf of WTCP , owned by Larry Silverstein , the September 11 attacks were the result of the airlines ' failures to implement safeguards that would have prevented the terrorist attacks . In the complaint , WTCP claimed that the aircraft lacked proper cockpit doors that would have prevented unauthorized people from entering , as well as an alarm system that would have notified the government of such events . American Airlines Flight 11 was the first jet to slam into the World Trade Center . Hijackers flew United Airlines Flight 175 into the other tower . The lawsuit also named private security contractors at Boston 's Logan Airport and the Portland , Maine , airport as defendants for failing to prevent people from boarding flights with dangerous weapons at their screening facilities . The hijackers of the planes that hit the twin towers boarded at those airports . "  Every step of the way , defendants were negligent and reckless , " the complaint stated , "  These breaches of duty proximately caused the destruction of One World Trade Center , Five World Trade Center and Seven World Trade Center on September 11 . " According to court documents , WTCP said it has spent more than $ 8 billion to replace the twin towers , which they have been obligated to continue paying rent on to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . In court , the aviation defendants argued that insurance payments were made to compensate WTCP for economic loss after the destruction of the towers and that the same economic loss is what the WTCP was seeking damages for , thereby making their claims invalid . Silverstein 's company had said that it would use proceeds from a ruling in its favor to build 2 World Trade Center , next to the current Freedom Tower .	The judge says the World Trade Center developers were trying to "  double dip " The developers had sought damages from the airlines involved in 9/11 The airlines argued insurance payments had already covered the losses
CNN  -- For the first time in nearly 600 years , a reigning pope has resigned . And in what might also be a landmark event , Twitter was not flooded with jokes or parody accounts when the announcement was made two weeks ago . On February 11 @davewiner tweeted , "  Perfect storm for Pope jokes . Since he 's not dead no one can complain ` You 're being insensitive . ' " But in the days that followed , not much surfaced . It was so odd that tweets like this were more common : "  Did I miss the memo about no Pope jokes ? " tweeted @NouveauBroke . Although a parody account , @RetiredPopeXVI , did appear , it only has 577 followers and sent out a paltry five tweets . That all changed on Thursday when Pope Benedict XVI slipped off his red loafers and officially became pope emeritus . Curiously , the Vatican also deleted all 39 of his tweets from the official @pontifex Twitter account .  They are archived here . And slowly , the jokes began to surface . Here are a handful we found humorous . Mobile users : Click here to see the Storify .	Pope officially retires Thursday as Vatican deletes his Twitter history Twitter users were uncommonly silent until the retirement was official @pontifex account gains 500 new followers after deleting tweets
CNN  -- The mayor of Springfield , Illinois , was found dead in his home Tuesday morning , the day he had been ordered to present an accounting of his cousin 's estate to a judge . Illinois State Police say they are looking into the death of Mayor Tim Davlin , and no cause of death was disclosed Tuesday . Frank Kunz , a Springfield alderman who serves as mayor pro tem , said investigators "  did n't say much of anything " at a news conference held shortly after Davlin was found dead in his home . "  Basically , what they confirmed was , it was the mayor , and he 's dead , " Kunz said . "  They actually did n't say much of anything . " The 53-year-old , two-term Democrat was scheduled to appear before a judge Tuesday morning and account for the balance of his cousin 's $ 845,000 estate , for which he served as executor . Margaret Ettelbrick , who died in 2003 , had willed the remainder of her estate to Springfield Catholic Charities after leaving $ 635,000 to other beneficiaries , court documents show . In May , Catholic Charities told the court it had received only a partial payment of $ 25,000 . The same month , the Internal Revenue Service filed a lien against Davlin 's home , seeking nearly $ 90,000 in back taxes from 2003 , 2005 and 2006 , according to property records . In September , Davlin 's lawyer quit , telling the court that the mayor had not provided him with the needed paperwork to account for the balance of the estate . Davlin told the judge last week that he had hired a new attorney , and he was ordered to report back to court Tuesday . In November , Davlin announced that he would not seek a third term in 2011 . Kunz said the city of about 115,000 was "  stunned " by news of his death . "  Even when they had a press conference , they were n't sure all the relatives had been notified , " he said . "  But he was the mayor , so they had to do something . " Kunz said city council members would name a new mayor at some point , but officials were still examining the laws governing mayoral succession . The city 's administrative staff remains intact , and "  If they had to sign anything , I can sign it , " he said . Davlin was divorced and had four children . Police were called to his home about 8:50 a.m. and found the mayor "  unresponsive , " Springfield Police Chief Robert Williams said . He was declared dead soon afterward , and the investigation was turned over to state police , he said . "  It 's very early , " Illinois State Police Capt. James Wolf said . "  And as information develops and we are in a position to provide the media with more information , we will do so . " CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	The mayor was found dead in his home Tuesday morning Alderman says Springfield was "  stunned " by the news Davlin had been ordered into court in an estate lawsuit The IRS had also placed a lien on his home for unpaid taxes
CNN  -- Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin spoke Friday at a rally for her former running mate , Sen. John McCain , urging voters to support the senator in his re-election bid in Arizona . The rally , in Tucson , Arizona , was their first joint public appearance since McCain conceded the 2008 presidential election . McCain faces a primary challenge from former Rep. J.D. Hayworth and has come under criticism for being too moderate on a variety of issues , including immigration . Several leading Tea Party activists in Arizona have decided not to endorse McCain or Hayworth , criticizing both of their records while serving in Congress . But some national Tea Party members came out this week in support of Hayworth . While several said they were not upset with Palin 's endorsement of McCain , a few said they were disappointed . The enthusiastic crowd greeted Palin with shouts of "  Sarah , Sarah , " as she , her husband , Todd , and McCain took the stage . "  Everybody here , supporting John McCain , we are all part of that Tea Party movement , " Palin said . "  I think he 's gon na win this one , " she said . "  Before there were protests on Main Street and marches on Capitol Hill , there was the maverick of the Senate , fighting for us . " Palin railed against the health care legislation , saying that McCain fought against "  Obamacare . " And McCain , speaking after Palin , said the bill will be repealed . "  It is historic that it is also the first time that on a pure partisan basis a major piece of legislation has been passed and it is going to be historic because it is going to be repealed and replaced , " he said . "  And it is going to be done soon . " Palin 's remarks at the rally were preceded by an op-ed piece in Friday 's Arizona Republic . She wrote that she respected McCain long before she was his running mate , a theme she reiterated in her public appearance . Read the full article "  I admired his tireless crusade against the old pork-barrel-spending , earmarking-backroom-dealing ways of D.C. that make a whole lot of us pretty ill , " she said . After a town hall meeting on Thursday night attended by about 120 people , Hayworth downplayed the significance of Palin 's visit . "  I think what we are seeing from the governor is a very understandable level of gratitude . After all , it was John who gave her entrée to the national stage . We all understand gratitude . That is fine , " he said . The campaign appearance comes as Palin is being criticized for a fundraising appeal she posted on her Facebook page with what looked like crosshairs marking the districts of House members who voted for health care reform . She asked for donations to her political action committee to help defeat 17 congressmen who voted yes and who are running for re-election . In a Twitter message earlier in the week Palin said "  Do n't Retreat-Instead , RELOAD ! " urging supporters to keep up the fight on the issue . The messages came as members of Congress were reporting threats in retaliation to their votes on health care reform . However , McCain told CNN 's "  John King , USA " on Thursday that Palin 's language was not over the top . "  The rhetoric that we use in everyday language about political campaigns -- battleground states , it 's going to be a war -- all of those are things that we have used for years and years . They are in the crosshairs . " From Arizona , Palin heads to Searchlight , Nevada , to be the keynote speaker Saturday for the kickoff rally of the Tea Party Express cross-country caravan to protest big government spending . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	"  Everybody here ... we are all part of that Tea Party movement , " Palin says Sarah Palin , John McCain make first joint appearance since conceding 2008 election McCain faces primary challenge from former Rep. J.D. Hayworth Hayworth calls Palin appearance "  very understandable level of gratitude "
CNN  -- Melanie Servetas lived the American dream . She had a six-figure salary as an executive with Wells Fargo , a Jaguar and a three-bedroom house in sunny Southern California . But then , she fell in love . She met someone from Brazil on an online dating service . They chatted over the Internet and by phone for five months and decided they wanted to be together . That 's where this simple love story gets very complicated . Servetas ' partner is a woman , Claudia Amaral . If she were a man , the two could get married and Servetas could apply for her spouse to be admitted to the United States and eventually gain permanent residency . But current immigration law does not allow a U.S. citizen in a same-sex relationship to sponsor his or her spouse or partner . There are nearly 30,000 such couples in America who now find themselves in the crosshairs of two critical national debates : the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , and immigration reform . One of those debates could be settled Wednesday . The Supreme Court is poised to hand down decisions on two gay marriage cases Wednesday , the last day of the court 's term . One involves the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , a California referendum that banned same-sex marriage . The other is DOMA . If Prop 8 is struck down , Servetas could marry Amaral in her home state just like she could in the District of Columbia or one of the 12 other states that allow gay marriage . But that marriage would be invisible as far as immigration law is concerned . Servetas could not sponsor her wife because of DOMA , which prohibits the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages . So Servetas , 48 , gave up her life in the United States and moved to Brazil , where she launched an information technology company . The company is struggling and Servetas misses everything about America . But she can not imagine a life without Amaral . "  Our life is surrounded by uncertainty . We live in limbo all the time , " she said , not knowing if one day her work visa in Brazil might not be extended . She goes to sleep every night worrying that tomorrow , she may be separated from the woman she loves . If the justices strike down DOMA , bi-national gay couples will gain the same immigration rights as heterosexual married couples . At the same time , Patrick Leahy , a Democratic senator from Vermont , has filed an amendment to an immigration reform bill in the Senate that would afford gay couples equality in immigration sponsorship . Steve Ralls , spokesman for Immigration Equality , an organization that has been working on this issue for two decades , said for the first time , the LGBT community is optimistic that immigration policy will become less discriminatory . "  As of today , we are stuck in a race to see who 's going to solve the problem first , " Ralls said . "  If the Senate bill is about to receive its final vote and either we do not have a court ruling or we have a bad court ruling , then  Leahy 's  amendment becomes absolutely critical for binational couples . " Gay rights plan clouds immigration reform prospects The amendment , however , does n't sit well with conservatives and even with more liberal lawmakers who believe it could potentially derail the entire immigration reform bill . The chances of Leahy 's amendment passing , say immigration activists , are slim to none . In any case , if the Supreme Court strikes down DOMA , the immigration amendment would be moot . "  I ca n't sleep thinking about all this , " Servetas said from her residence in Rio de Janeiro . A bill to recognize same-sex partners for immigration purposes was first introduced in Congress in 2000 . Since then countless couples have been separated or have had to make the same difficult decision as Servetas and leave home . In Atlanta , Nepal native Satyam Barakoti , 36 , has grown resolute in her efforts to establish a normal life , despite the dark immigration cloud that hangs over her . She and her partner , Tonja Holder , have been together five years and run a nonprofit consulting agency . They bought a house , and Barakoti is halfway through her first pregnancy .  More than 17,000 children in this country are being raised by binational couples . Holder and Barakoti have picked out names : Kabir if it 's a boy and Annapurna for a girl . But come February , Barakoti 's temporary work visa , known as an H-1B , will expire , and she could very likely have to leave America . Holder can not sponsor her for permanent residency or what 's more commonly called a green card . Barakoti 's child will be born a U.S. citizen , but under current law , children can not sponsor parents until they are 21 . "  We 're kind of waiting to see what happens in the Supreme Court . Our options are very murky , " Barakoti said . They could move to Nepal , but it will be difficult there for Holder . She 's 47 , settled in Atlanta and does n't speak Nepali . The two have discussed moving elsewhere , maybe to immigration-friendly Canada . Mercer University law professor Scott Titshaw , who practiced immigration law for 12 years , described "  love-exiled " cases as one of the few instances in which he has given this advice : Go north . "  Marriage is just so important to U.S. immigration law , " Titshaw said . Opinion : Gay rights , immigration reform on collision course Canada is the top destination for same-sex binational couples in the United States because of proximity and its immigration system . Canada uses a point system to determine who will be allowed in to live and work . Applicants are awarded points for proficiency in education , job experience and language skills . If one partner qualifies for immigration status in Canada , he or she can sponsor the other . Shehan Welihindha , 31 , of Sri Lanka and his spouse , Ryan Wilson , 29 , live in South Carolina , a state that bans same-sex marriage . They were among the first seven couples to get married in Maryland -- Wilson grew up in Baltimore -- on New Year 's Day after that state approved same-sex marriage last fall . But now , with an expiration date on Welihindha 's student visa , they 're considering Canada . Welihindha watched his brother marry an American woman and become a citizen . His younger sister married an American man and within a very short time , she received her green card . But when Welihindha 's visa expires , he will either have to find a job with a company that might sponsor him or leave . "  When we think about graduation or starting a family , it takes us back to that root conversation about immigration , " said Welihindha from his home in Columbia , South Carolina . In all , 31 countries recognize same-sex relationships for immigration purposes . Some , like Great Britain , do n't have legalized same-sex marriage but still recognize same-sex couples . That 's why Brandon Perlberg , 35 , abandoned his law career in New York and moved to London to be with his partner , Benn Storey . Even though the state of New York approved same-sex marriage in 2011 , a wedding was not going to help when Storey 's temporary work visa ran out . "  You do n't get more committed than giving up your country , " Perlberg said . "  That 's the value DOMA was supposed to be protecting . Is n't marriage all about the sanctity of commitment ? " Perlberg is angry -- not at his partner but at his country -- for having to give up everything he cherished and begin again in a foreign land . Psychology professor Nadine Nakamura is researching people like Perlberg and the emotional toll of having to live in exile for the sake of preserving a relationship . "  The whole situation of not knowing what the future holds and kind of having to wait with bated breath to see what politicians or the Supreme Court decides creates a great deal of anxiety , " said Nakamura , who teaches at the University of La Verne in southern California . "  A lot of same-sex binational couples have a hard time trying to figure out what their future looks like . " Barakoti said she has lived with that anxiety since she arrived in the United States in 2001 , constantly filing paperwork for visa applications including an employer-based green card sponsorship that was rejected . It became so all-consuming that she decided not to fret about it anymore . She and Holder are bracing for a high court decision that will not be in their favor . "  Whatever they throw at us , we 'll manage , " Holder said . They know one thing : No matter what , they will find a way to be together . But no one , they said , should have to choose between love and country . Follow Moni Basu on Twitter	The Supreme Court is poised to hand down a ruling on same-sex marriage Because of DOMA , U.S. citizens can not sponsor same-sex partners for immigration 30,000 same-sex couples are in the crosshairs of two national debates Amendment to immigration reform bill would also bring relief
Far Rockaway , New York  CNN  -- First Sandy . Then a nor'easter . Residents in this small hamlet at the eastern edge of Rockaway Peninsula are exhausted and on edge . Eleven days after Superstorm Sandy made landfall , flooding nearly all of the Rockaways , they are still cold and in the dark . Huddled beneath blankets and with the car 's heat cranked up , 56-year-old Matt Lintonmapp Jr. has spent every night sleeping in his car since Sandy left him homeless . "  My place got washed out , " he said , adding that work and community ties have kept him from evacuating . "  There 's nothing left . " Parked by the liquor store where he works , Lintonmapp has squeezed in a few hours of sleep each night while keeping an eye out for looters . "  I 'm a survivor , " he said with a certain New Yorker 's swagger that now barely masks the slight quake in his voice . Waiting for gas , he said , "  I hope everyone on this line is a survivor too , because we 're all together now . " The frustration has boiled over at times . In Long Island , Oceanside residents booed local and federal officials who came to address power restoration . "  What are you doing for us ? " they shouted . Earlier in the week , fistfights broke out at relief supply depots in Far Rockaway , Queens , just as the first snowfall of the year blanketed the region and ushered in fresh misery to those already battered by Sandy . Many , like Lintonmapp , have had no choice but to eat meals that the National Guard is handing out . "  It 's all right . The military came through for me , " he said . "  They 're not too bad . " Clean , running water is also in shorter supply across the peninsula in the wake of the crisis . Some residents were seen carrying buckets of water to wash down their toilets . Others boiled water to drink later or use for cooking . Still , gas remains the crucial thing here . Cloaked in blankets and heavy clothing , shivering residents queued up at one of Far Rockaway 's few fuel depots on Thursday , often carrying two or three gas cans at a time . Puffy winter jackets wrapped around young children who accompanied their parents rather than stay in damp , cold homes . And many commuters remained stranded as Long Island rail lines remained down there and in Long Beach . "  A majority of people work in the city and there 's no transportation , " said Margarita Alvarez , 41 , whose home was badly damaged during last week 's storm . "  You just ca n't get to work . " Other residents , like 60-year-old Rosemary Shephard , are using the fuel for generators . "  I thank God for this gas , " Shephard said after finally filling her gas can . In an effort to alleviate the long gas lines , police on Friday began enforcing a new alternating fuel ration system in New York City and Long Island . Drivers with license plates that end with a letter or an odd number can fill up Friday . Those with even numbers or zero can fill up Saturday , and so on . Authorities cut off Shephard 's electricity last Monday , along with thousands of others , as a precaution ahead of Sandy . But unlike other storm refugees now holed up in warmer places with family and friends , Shephard decided to stay put in her Far Rockaway home . "  You have to stay , " she said . "  If I leave , what would happen to my house when I got back ? " More than a week after floodwater rushed into her basement , destroyed her property and soaked her circuit box with salt water , there is still no clear sign of when power might be restored . Meanwhile , the weather has been getting colder . "  It was freezing last night , " she said . Unfortunately , getting power back is not just matter of fixing substations and flipping a switch . City officials say electricians are now needed for homes like Shephard 's , whose house is flagged with a yellow sticker , so that electrical cabling and circuit boxes can be individually checked before the power grid is restored . That means contractors must go door-to-door checking houses , adding to the time it takes for the power to return , while temperatures drop . Just down the street are the charred remains of more than 100 homes destroyed in an inferno that raged in the coastal community of Breezy Point , making officials especially wary of the risk of electrical fires . More than a half million households are still in the dark across New Jersey and New York , including nearly 40,000 homes on Rockaway Peninsula . Without a clear timetable for restoration , the town is rife with speculation . And that effect has fueled mounting tension . "  I 'm pissed , just like everybody else is , " said Pat Lee , 55 , an iron worker who normally commutes to Lower Manhattan but has been out of work since the storm hit . "  The biggest problem really ai n't so much the electricity . It 's that no one knows when we 're going to get it . They wo n't even give you a ballpark figure , " he said . A Long Island Power Authority spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment regarding restoration of the Far Rockaway area . The utility 's website indicates there is "  a long road ahead . " LIPA has dispatched some 250 utility workers to the Rockaways , working 16-hour shifts in a round-the-clock operation to get power restored . But soggy and salt-caked electrical panels and wiring in homes and businesses "  could present unsafe conditions when re-energizing those areas or facilities , the utility says on its website . Police are working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the National Guard to provide evacuation services and have set up heating areas for residents , while churches and aid groups hand out food and water . A nonprofit called the Fuel Relief Fund donated the fuel , but its supplies are limited . "  Right now we have to clean up , so I do n't know if this is the place to be for people right now , " said New York Police Department Deputy Inspector Scott Olexa , who described the surrounding damage as "  unparalleled . " "  I know people are attached to their homes and their neighborhood , but emergency services have to get in here . " Earlier this week , the city opened a relief center a few blocks away in a building once submerged in five feet of water , bringing generators and gas to those still battling the cold . In Manhattan , only about 200 customers now remain in the dark -- a fact that does not escape most Rockaway storm victims . "  They 're going about their lives , and we 're the ones at the end of the line , " said Margarita Alvarez . "  They did the city first and they just forgot about us . "	Many on New York 's Rockaway Peninsula are still without power and running water One man is sleeping in his running car to stay warm and ward off looters Some say the most frustrating thing is not knowing when power will come back on
New York  CNN  -- The wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. faces a court date next week on a drunk driving charge , the latest in a string of events that began when Kennedy filed for divorce , according to records from Westchester County . Records from the Westchester County Clerk show that Kennedy filed for divorce from his wife , Mary Kennedy , on May 12 . The next evening , according to police records , Bedford police responded to a 911 call . When police arrived at the Kennedy residence they found the couple in an argument over taking their four children to a carnival at St. Patrick 's School . According to a "  domestic incident " report filed by the officer on the scene , "  Mr. Kennedy stated that his wife was intoxicated and was acting irrational so he took the children to the carnival to remove them from the situation . " No one was injured , the report said . Two days later , Mary Kennedy was arrested for driving while intoxicated . Bedford Police Lt. Jeff Dickans told CNN that Mary was arrested around 9:15 p.m. on May 15 . Dickans said that Bedford police officer Patricia McGraw saw Kennedy 's 2004 Volvo swerving onto the curb of Greenwich Road in Bedford and asked her to pull over . Kennedy had slurred speech , and a blood-alcohol-content above 0.08 percent , the legal limit in New York . She was charged with driving while intoxicated . "  The DUI is pending and we 're hopeful that we 'll be able to resolve it in the future , " her lawyer , Kerry Lawrence , told CNN . She is due to appear in Town Court on July 22 . Lawrence declined to comment on the divorce filing . Reached through his assistant , Mary Beth Postman , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. also declined to comment on the divorce .	Mary Kennedy faces court date June 22 on DUI charge Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce on May 12 , records show In "  domestic incident , " Kennedy alleged his wife was drunk and he took children from the scene
Washington  CNN  -- House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa demanded Wednesday that the Federal Election Commission turn over records of more than five years of communications with the Internal Revenue Service -- a move that significantly expands the California Republican 's ongoing probe of alleged federal targeting of conservative groups . In a letter to FEC Chairman Ellen Weintraub -- a Democrat -- Issa cited CNN reporting on Monday that raises "  the prospect of inappropriate coordination between the IRS and the FEC about tax-exempt entities . " Among other things , Issa asked for records of all communications between the IRS and the FEC dating back to the start of 2008 . He also requested records of any FEC discussions relating to tax-exempt applications or organizations since 2008 . The letter was co-signed by Ohio GOP Rep. Jim Jordan , a prominent member of Issa 's panel . FEC vice-chair says email raises questions of improper contact with IRS Iss ' a letter came after Don McGahn , the vice chairman of the FEC and a Republican , told CNN that he saw an e-mail from an FEC investigator to Lois Lerner , the former head of the IRS division responsible for reviewing applications from various groups for tax-exempt status . The investigator asked Lerner , herself a former FEC employee , to discuss the status of the American Future Fund , a conservative political advocacy group . McGahn noted that after Lerner was contacted , the IRS sent a questionnaire to the American Future Fund . Lerner , the figure at the center of the congressional investigation into alleged IRS targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status , invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination when called to testify before Issa 's panel in May . "  Dealing with Lois Lerner is probably out of the ordinary , " McGahn said , stressing that FEC commissioners had not given their staffers permission to reach out to the IRS on the matter , a step typically required for such inquiries . Last week , GOP congressional investigators disclosed several e-mails between Lerner and an FEC attorney inquiring about the status of both the American Future Fund and another conservative outfit , the American Issues Project . IRS , Issa escalate fight over investigation Issa 's letter identifies the FEC attorney as William Powers , an official in the commission 's Office of the General Counsel . The e-mails between Powers and Lerner were initially uncovered by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp , R-Michigan , who sent a letter last week to acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel requesting additional details about the controversial contact . While the prospect of potential FEC involvement with the IRS raises the prospect of a broader federal targeting effort , Democrats continue to insist there is no conspiracy , and stress that the publicly released contact between the two agencies was nothing more than requests for information already in the public domain . McGahn told CNN , however , that additional e-mails he has seen do not clearly state whether the FEC was only seeking public data . Requesting private data would likely violate federal law . For her part , Weintraub told CNN Monday she does not know about the e-mails between the FEC investigator and Lerner to which McGahn is referring . "  If there was any evidence or targeting based on ideology , that would be extremely serious , but I have not seen any evidence of that , " she said . "  I am not aware of requesting or receiving any confidential taxpayer information . I am not aware of any requests for anything that was n't publicly available . " Issa wants the FEC to turn over the records no later than August 21 . IRS inspector general : Liberals also on target list	FIRST ON CNN : House Oversight chairman demands records of FEC contact with IRS Rep. Darrell Issa 's demand follows CNN report of contact between the IRS and FEC Issa demands the FEC turn over its records by August 21 GOP warns of possible broader targeting of conservative groups ; Democrats dismiss assertion
Financial Times  -- Angela Merkel said a core group of states needed to press on with European integration to fight the eurozone crisis , a rebuke to David Cameron , UK prime minister , who has called for more short-term crisis measures . Only hours before Mr Cameron 's visit to the federal chancellery , Germany 's chancellor said nations "  in a currency union have to move closer together " , reinforcing the shift to "  a multi-speed Europe " which began with the introduction of the single currency . "  We can not just stop -LSB- the process -RSB- because one or other does n't want to join in yet . " Ms Merkel seemed intent on highlighting what Berlin perceives to be a contradiction between the UK 's refusal to sign up to strict new EU fiscal rules and Mr Cameron 's call for more intervention in the crisis -- a stance which has irritated many in the German capital . With Spain straining to recapitalise its banks and Greek reforms in doubt , Downing Street on Wednesday signalled that Mr Cameron would use his Berlin visit to urge Ms Merkel to take quick steps to pull the eurozone back from the brink of disaster . Her meeting with Mr Cameron in the chancellery -- which included a good-humoured 90-minute discussion with students -- came amid a chorus of calls for the eurozone , and Germany in particular , to do more to quell market turmoil . The UK government has in recent weeks called for near-term measures including a bigger eurozone rescue fund to act as a firewall against financial market contagion , and jointly issued eurozone bonds -- ideas which the German government has repeatedly rejected as unnecessary as it pushes for longer-term fiscal integration . George Osborne , UK chancellor of the exchequer , added to this drum beat on Thursday morning when he said Spanish banks should be given immediate access to the eurozone rescue fund , which can at present only disburse money to governments . Spain 's vicious cycle With Barack Obama , US president , also putting pressure on Ms Merkel to switch tack , the chancellor used her first television interview in weeks to emphasise her commitment to her plan to encourage eurozone governments to cede some fiscal power to Brussels . "  We need more Europe . We do n't only need monetary union , we also need a so-called fiscal union , " she said . "  And most of all we need a political union -- which means we need to gradually cede powers to Europe and give Europe control . " The German government believes only a clear roadmap for eurozone integration will ultimately restore investor confidence . Berlin is expecting Herman van Rompuy , European Council president , to make suggestions about a banking union at the next EU summit at the end of June , with more proposals expected in December . With Spain free to make a request for emergency bank capital from the eurozone rescue fund , and the future of Greece in the hands of voters in mid-June elections , Berlin sees no point in committing to new crisis-fighting tools at the moment . But the difficulties of persuading even like-minded countries to transfer sovereignty to Brussels also became clear on Thursday , when the Netherlands , usually a staunch ally , questioned Ms Merkel 's call for some countries to integrate faster than others . Jan Kees de Jager , finance minister , said "  one of the fundamental causes " of problems in Greece , Italy and Spain was that the single currency had fostered economic divergence , not the promised convergence . "  Within a single European economic and monetary union , I do n't think it 's possible to have structurally different paths . " The Dutch government is preparing for elections later this year in which parties on the far right and left have strongly rejected tighter European political integration , putting the government on the defensive over any delegation of political power to Brussels . Ms Merkel on Wednesday took a big step towards securing swift parliamentary approval of the new European Stability Mechanism and the fiscal pact , when her Christian Democrats and the opposition Social Democrats agreed outlines for a financial transaction tax , which they hope other eurozone states will adopt . As the fiscal pact requires a two-thirds majority in the Bundestag , Germany 's lower house , Ms Merkel had to woo the Social Democrats with a push for an FTT , which her junior coalition partner , the Free Democrats , has long resisted . Both Social Democrats and Free Democrats on Thursday said they backed a proposal by the finance ministry , which suggested using the UK 's stamp duty and French plans to introduce a similar tax as "  a basis for a first step at European level " . The move could open the way for ratification of the fiscal pact and ESM by the end of June . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel said a core group of states should press on with eurozone integration to fight the debt crisis Merkel 's comments ran counter to U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron 's call for short-term crisis measures Berlin perceives a contradiction between the U.K. 's refusal to agree to new EU fiscal rules amid its calls for more intervention
EW  -- "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " is yet another piece of evidence that Marvel 's formula for its behemoth superhero film franchise is exactly what audiences want . The sequel to the 2011 original starring Chris Evans as the Super Soldier grossed an estimated $ 96.2 million this opening weekend , setting a record for best April opening and earning an "  A " CinemaScore from its audiences . Its opening is all the more impressive when you consider that , while it falls beneath "  The Avengers " and "  Iron Man 3 " and "  2 , " it outranks many of the stand-alone Marvel character debuts , including both "  Thor " films and the original "  Captain America , " which it out-grossed by 48 percent .  It nabbed an additional $ 110 million from audiences overseas . ` Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' is the most political superhero movie ever And while it 's not surprising that more men than women showed up to watch the latest episode from Marvel 's team of superheroes , more couples were in the audience than families , with the majority of the audience between 18-49 . "  Noah 's " audience was eclipsed dramatically by "  Captain America , " and it had the drop to prove it . The Darren Aronofsky-directed biblical tale fell a steep 61 percent this weekend with $ 17 million , putting its new total at $ 72.3 million . With a budget of at least $ 125 million , it 's going to be tough for this controversial tale to end up in the green . That certainly wo n't be the case for the YA hit "  Divergent " from Summit Entertainment . Actress Shailene Woodley and Co. are now members of the $ 100 million club , with the adaptation of Veronica Roth 's novel grossing $ 13 million this three-day period , a 49 percent drop that puts its domestic earnings at $ 114 million . "  God 's Not Dead " continues to surprise at the box office . The Freestyle Releasing film about one Christian college student 's quest to defend his faith grossed an additional $ 7.7 million with 580 more theaters added to its release . Now in its third weekend in theaters , the film from director Harold Cronk stands with an impressive $ 33 million to its name . ` Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' : A reference guide Wes Anderson 's "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " rounds out the top five this weekend , earning $ 6.3 million for a total of $ 33.4 million . From Fox Searchlight , the dark comedy starring Ralph Fiennes as an octogenarian-loving hotel concierge is performing well in its wide release . Whether it can outgross Anderson 's most commercially successful films "  Moonrise Kingdom "  $ 45 million  and "  The Royal Tenenbaums "  $ 52 million  remains to be seen . Scarlett Johansson had a busy weekend at the box office , co-starring in "  Captain America " and headlining the R-rated indie from writer/director Jonathan Glazer , "  Under the Skin . " The film , which opened in four locations in New York and Los Angeles , earned an estimated $ 140,000 for a per-screen average of $ 35,000 . It was a far better outcome then Halle Berry experienced in this three-day frame . Though EW originally reviewed her "  Frankie & Alice " back in 2010 as part of its one-week Oscar-qualifying run , the film languished on the shelves , only receiving its first theatrical release this weekend . Unfortunately , the delay did little to improve its box office odds , with the difficult drama earning $ 118,000 in 117 locations . Explaining the ` Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' ending Also on the tepid side of the box office this frame was Diego Luna 's "  Cesar Chavez . " While the actor-turned-director was hoping his earnest drama about the famed Mexican-American labor organizer would be the next "  Instructions Not Included , " the Spanish-language comedy that earned $ 44 million last summer , it 's proving not to be . Instead , in its second weekend of release it grossed $ 2.8 million , a steep 66 percent off its opening weekend numbers . The small-budgeted movie 's gross stands at $ 4.6 million . Jude Law 's "  Dom Hemingway " also had a difficult time in its initial opening despite generating largely positive reviews , including an "  A " from EW 's Owen Gleiberman . From Fox Searchlight , the story of a larger-than-life safecracker recently released from prison only nabbed $ 32,000 in its debut for a weak per-screen average of $ 8,000 . Below is the box office top five . Check back in next weekend , when the animated sequel "  Rio 2 " opens against Kevin Costner in "  Draft Day . " 1 . "  Captain America " -- $ 96.2 million 2 . "  Noah " -- $ 17 million , cume $ 72.3 million 3 . "  Divergent " -- $ 13 million , cume $ 114 million 4 . "  God 's Not Dead " -- $ 7.7 million , cume $ 32.5 million 5 . "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " -- $ 6.3 million , $ 33.4 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " proves Marvel knows what audiences want The movie grossed an estimated $ 96.2 million in its opening weekend That 's 48 percent higher than 2011 's "  Captain America " debut It 's also higher than some stand-alone Marvel character debuts , like the "  Thor " movies
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An AEG Live lawyer made an embarrassing mistake in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial -- confusing HLN host Nancy Grace with the Jacksons ' former nanny . It happened Thursday as attorney Kathryn Cahan cross examined Taj Jackson -- Michael Jackson 's oldest nephew -- who had just described a close and lovely relationship between the late pop icon and his three children . Did Taj Jackson think Grace Rwaramba -- who served for years as the nanny for Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson -- was "  dishonest at times , " Cahan asked . The judge ordered him to answer , overruling a Jackson lawyer 's objections that the question was irrelevant to the case . "  I have not experienced her dishonesty , " Jackson answered . Cahan then presented something she apparently thought would discredit Jackson 's testimony , showing he was not being honest . It was a "  TwitLonger " message posted online by him on December 11 , 2011 . TwitLonger is a service that allows users to post longer messages on Twitter . Taj Jackson was discussing his dislike of journalist Roger Friedman , who he called "  anti-Jackson " and a "  sneaky snake . " "  Sorry ... but there are a couple of people who truly disgust me . And to me , he belongs in the same category as Grace , Dimond , and Bashir , " he wrote . Does that document refresh his recollection of your opinion of Grace Rwaramba , Cahan asked . "  That 's not the same , " he responded . "  That 's Nancy Grace ! " It took several seconds for the loud laughter in the courtroom to subside . Dimond is Diane Dimond , a journalist unpopular with many Jackson fans for writing a book about Jackson 's child molestation trial , and Bashir is the journalist who conducted a series of interviews with Jackson that fans blame for triggering the molestation charges . Grace Rwaramba -- not the TV host -- is expected to testify in the next week about her observations of Michael Jackson 's relationship with his children . If jurors decide that AEG Live is liable for damages in Jackson 's death , they will have to place a monetary value on the emotional loss his children suffered . Two handwritten notes found in Jackson 's bedroom by the family were read to jurors Thursday in an effort to demonstrate the love . Taj Jackson identified one as the handwriting of Paris , who was 11 when her father died : "  Dear Daddy , I love you so much & I 'm so glad I got a goodnight hug . Sleep well . I love you and good night . I 'll see you tomorrow . XOX Goodnight . Lots of love Paris Jackson " The other note was Michael Jackson 's handwriting : "  Words of Blanket my son , 6 years young . ` What 's your favorite letter Daddy ? Mine is ` G ' for God and D for Daddy ' age 6 , Blanket . " Jackson lawyer Deborah Chang suggested the father 's note showed how dedicated he was to his children since he took time to write down what his young son said . An expert in entertainment economics will be on the stand when the trial enters its12th week Monday in a Los Angeles court . Certified Public Accountant Arthur Erk , who audits the earnings of some of the world 's biggest entertainers , will give his opinion on how much income Jackson would have earned had he not died of a propofol overdose while preparing for a comeback tour four years ago . Jackson 's mother and three children contend that AEG Live , the promoter and producer of the "  This Is It " concerts , was liable for the the negligent hiring , retention or supervision of Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live lawyers argue it was Jackson , not their executives , who chose and controlled Dr. Murray and that they had no way of knowing about the dangerous propofol infusions he was giving Jackson to treat his insomnia .	AEG lawyer thought online posting would discredit Taj Jackson 's testimony Jackson said "  Grace " comment was about the HLN host , not the former nanny Grace Handwritten notes show love between Michael Jackson and his children , lawyer says "  Dear Daddy , I love you so much & I 'm so glad I got a goodnight hug . Sleep well , " Paris wrote
CNN  -- Only 800 printed sets of the multi-volume Encyclopedia Britannica are stacked in the company 's Kentucky warehouse , the company says , and when the last one sells , there 'll be no more . It could be just a matter of days . "  They are flying off the shelves , " Jorge Cauz , president of Encyclopedia Britannica , told CNN Friday . Just three weeks after the publisher of the iconic encyclopedia announced it would be ceasing print production after 244 years , more than 3,000 printed copies of the final edition , the 2010 version , have sold at the standard price of $ 1,395 Cauz said . New versions of the coveted 32-volume set , which up until the last decade was peddled by door-to-door salesmen , will now be available exclusively on the Internet . News of the publishing shutdown rattled consumers enough to cause a spike in sales to 1,050 a week , company spokesman Peter Duckler told CNN . Before the announcement , the company averaged a mere 60 sales a week . Worldwide , the company is now selling 150 copies a day , Duckler said . Cauz said he was n't sure if the printed copies would last more than a few days . The encyclopedia 's end adds to a trend that is seeing newspapers , magazines , books and journals turn into online URL addresses almost daily . One nostalgic customer , who wasted no time ordering one of the last published sets when he heard they 'd soon be gone forever , called the transition the "  passing of an era . " "  I remember being so engrossed in all the things you could possibly know , " David Wise of Chicago told CNN . Wise ,44 , had a hand-me-down encyclopedia set from his aunt and uncle , and fondly recalls reading it every night before dinner in his youth . "  I have young kids . I thought , there 's no way I 'm not going to let them have that experience , " he said . Wise recalled his family 's set was missing the "  F " volume . "  There was a slight gap in my education , " he joked . For Wise , the encyclopedia series encompasses not only what one can learn from the content of the books , but how much society has learned over time . "  In the first edition they did n't know what California was , " Wise told CNN . "  Now we 're studying intergalactic space ! " The first edition of Encyclopedia Britannica , dating back to 1768 , takes up no more than 8 inches on his desk . The newest version covers multiple shelves on his bookcase . Wise says the encyclopedia catalogs "  a robust explosion of human knowledge . " While Wise mourns the loss of a cherished a tradition , Cauz , 55 , is less than disheartened about having to retire the printed version , along with its hard covers and pages that must be turned by hand . "  The youth has an attachment to the digital screen , " he , explained . "  That 's how they learn and explore , and so that 's where we will be . " Cauz celebrates the company 's ability to mold with the changing times , adapt to technological advancements , and enhance the experience for customers new and old . He said even Internet subscriptions have spiked since the announcement of print cessation . "  Society still pays high regard to facts and scholarly knowledge , " he said . "  The whole idea of Britannica being alive and vibrant is here . "	Only a few copies of the final printed Encyclopedia Britannica are left , the company says Sales jumped from 60 copies a week to 1,050 after the announcement It 's the "  passing of an era , " a nostalgic customer says The Britannica will continue to thrive on the digital screen , the company president says
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday urged both industrialized and developing countries to do more during this week 's Copenhagen summit toward reaching an agreement on limiting carbon emissions . With world leaders gathering in hopes of forging a deal to reduce the emissions blamed for increasing global temperatures , Ban told reporters that "  Nature does not negotiate with us . " "  We have a chance -- a real chance , here and now -- to change the course of our history , " he said . But both industrialized and developing countries "  can and they must do more . " "  This is a time to stop pointing fingers , " Ban added . "  This is a time to start looking in the mirror and offering what they can do more of . " The divide between rich and poor countries is one of the key fissures at the U.N. climate change conference that is nearing a climax in Denmark . Developing countries object to restrictions which they fear would keep them from following the same path to prosperity that the United States and other industrialized nations took , while developed countries are wary of taking steps that would hinder their own economies . Representatives of more than 100 developing nations walked out on the climate summit Monday to protesting what they called inadequate offers of aid from richer countries . Island states in particular , which are more vulnerable to rising sea levels , are pushing for limits that would reduce carbon emissions enough to limit the expected rise in average global temperatures to 1.5 degrees Celsius  2.7 degrees Fahrenheit  . John Holmes , the U.N. undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said the impacts of climate change are more likely to be felt by developing countries . "  This is something that 's happening now , " he said . "  Climate change has a human face , and that face is represented in part by the most vulnerable and poorest people in the world . " The so-called "  High Level Segment " of the conference , in which world leaders sit down in an attempt to hash out a final agreement , begins on Wednesday evening . Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change , told reporters Tuesday that "  nowhere near enough progress " had been made towards a deal . But Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen , the summit 's host , said he remained confident an accord could be struck by week 's end if governments were "  ambitious . " "  We can do this by Friday , " he said . "  I 've chosen to be optimistic about that . " Are you in Copenhagen ? Share your images U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that Washington is ready to do its part to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions , but other countries must play their part as well . "  Nearly all of the growth in emissions in the next 20 years will come from the developing world , " Clinton wrote in an opinion piece for the International Herald Tribune . "  Without their participation and commitment , a solution is impossible . "	U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon : "  We have a chance , a real chance , here and now " Clinton urges poor nations to help as Copenhagen climate summit heads into home stretch World leaders begin arriving for "  high-level " negotiations in final days of summit
AOL Autos  -- If you do n't eat , sleep and breathe cars , or devour car magazines in minute detail , there 's a good chance you do n't know all the technological terms that pop up in the media , new car advertising and literature . With new models being released all the time , the acronyms can be overwhelming . With every new model year , it seems , there are new technology and acronyms . Here 's a concise list of the terms you 're most likely to see and read about in the 2008 literature . ABS : The most common passive safety system found on cars today is ABS or anti-lock brake system . ABS continuously counts wheel revolutions electronically and when one or more wheels stops moving during a skid , the system quickly applies and releases the brakes on the skidding wheels . This is done so that the tires continue to rotate and the car can be steered around an object or an impending accident situation . Tires that are skidding ca n't do much steering . ALS : This is a relatively new term that stands for active lighting system or automatic lighting system . On some luxury vehicles , you can opt for headlamps that turn left or right  up to about 15 degrees  as the front tires turn to light the road as you make your turns . AWD  also FWD , RWD , 2WD , 4WD  : These terms refer to how many and which wheels on your car deliver power from the engine to the road surface . AWD means all-wheel drive and generally means there are no buttons , levers or lower gear ranges . These systems can be full-time , driving all four wheels all the time , or part-time , controlled by computers when conditions dictate the need for more traction . The 4WD label means four-wheel drive and these part-time systems usually have a selector switch or lever to select two-wheel drive , four-wheel drive or even four-wheel drive in a lower gear or locked position for very difficult driving situations . In 2WD , only the two front or rear tires have power . Traditional RWD or rear-wheel drive is almost always found on luxury cars , sports cars , or racing cars . FWD or front-wheel drive is more compact and is more often found on small cars , minivans and crossover vehicles . DOHC : Engineering shorthand for double-overhead camshaft . A DOHC engine has one camshaft that opens the intake valves and one camshaft that opens the exhaust valves , a design derived from racing engines . DOHC engines are more complex than single-overhead-cam engines  SOHC  and overhead-valve engines  OHV  but generally make more power and torque at higher rpm levels because they let the engine breathe better . EBD : An acronym given to the ABS subsystem called electronic brake force distribution . EBD is rapidly becoming standard equipment on cars that already have ABS brakes . In a panic braking situation , EBD distributes the most braking force to the tires that have the most traction . This helps to keep the car from spinning and reduces stopping distances on slippery surfaces . ESC/ESP : Electronic stability control or electronic stability program are interchangeable terms for the same software and hardware . An extension of ABS , ESC uses sensors and computers to determine whether a vehicle is oversteering  rear wheels out  or understeering  front wheels not turning in the desired direction  . ESC/ESP reduces engine power and/or applies one of the front or rear brakes to get the vehicle back into its intended path of travel . As a means of protecting against rollover accidents , ESC will be required on all new light vehicles sold in America by September 2011 . GPS : All automotive navigation systems communicate with Global Positioning System or GPS satellites . GPS satellites were launched into orbit by the U.S. Department of Defense but are now used by motorists , hikers and explorers all over the world . GPS systems are accurate anywhere in the world from 10 to 50 feet . Combined with a CD or DVD map in the vehicle 's navigation system , the satellites can track latitude , longitude , altitude and direction of travel in all weather conditions . I6  also V6 , V8 , V10 , W12 , H4  : These terms refer to the number and physical arrangement of cylinders in the engine . The I stands for inline , and means that the cylinders are lined up in a single row ,  I4 , I5 , and I6 , usually  . V engines have two rows or banks of cylinders in a V pattern , with three , four , five or even six cylinders per bank , hence V-6 , V-8 , V-10 , and V-12 . The W engine used by Audi and VW has three rows of cylinders , in this case four cylinders , making it a W-12 . Other engine designs include H-4 and H-6 engines , horizontally opposed or flat engines with either two or three cylinders on each side , a design used by Porsche  engine in the rear  and Subaru  engine in the front  . The oddball engine on the U.S. market is the Wankel , a rotary engine used only in the Mazda RX-8 . It has no cylinders , no banks and no reciprocating parts . L  as in 1.8 L or 3.5 L  : L is for liters a metric measurement of engine size , also called displacement or swept volume , which has replaced cubic inches in the U.S. industry . It 's the total volume of all the engine 's cylinders . Smaller engines generally generate less power and use less fuel , larger engines make more and use more , so do n't buy more engine than you need . RSC : One of the newest government regulations proposed for vehicles in the near future is protection against rollover accidents . The system that the industry has created to combat those is generally called roll stability control . RSC uses computers and sensors to analyze vehicle speed , steering wheel angle and body angle . If it senses that the vehicle is about to roll over , it cuts engine power and applies the brakes on one side or the other to bring the vehicle back to a stable position . TCS : Like ABS brakes , traction control systems are becoming more widely available , even on low-priced cars , because they add so much safety . A traction control system takes data from the ABS about tire rotation and compares the information in the computer . If one or two of the tires are spinning faster than they should be , indicating a loss of traction , the TCS system can cut engine power or engine torque going to the tires and apply brakes individually until the tires are all rotating at the same speed again . TPMS : This is a relatively new acronym that stands for tire-pressure monitoring system . The federal government has mandated that all vehicles in the future should have these systems to protect vehicles and occupants from rollovers and other accidents caused by low or deflating tires . Some currently available systems work by sending radio messages from each tire to the warning on the instrument panel . Others infer from the ABS system that one or more tires has a different rolling diameter , because it is going flat , than the other three tires and sends a warning to the instrument panel . VVT : Engineering term that stands for variable valve timing . Until a few years ago , timing the opening and closing of the engine 's valves was a purely mechanical function and could not be varied . VVT systems use a combination of computers , engine oil pressure and mechanical linkages to change valve timing so that the engine idles smoothly , produces lots of power and torque when needed and burns fuel cleanly and economically .	Most common car safety system is ABS or anti-lock brake system EBD : subsystem of anti-lock brakes called electronic brake force distribution GPS is system that drives new navigation systems : Global positions system RSC : roll stability control , new government regulation to prevent rollovers
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai parliament elected the nation 's first female prime minister Friday , with more than half the lawmakers backing her vote . Yingluck Shinawatra has to be proclaimed by the nation 's king before she can officially take office . If King Bhumibol Adulyadej proclaims her , she will be the 28th prime minister in Thai history . Yingluck won 296 votes in the nearly 500-member parliament . "  The first thing I want to do is help people on their economic situation , " she said last month . Yingluck is the younger sister of one of Thailand 's most polarizing political figures , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 military coup . He left the country two years later after being convicted on conflict of interest charges -- accusations he denies . Yingluck 's critics worry she will do her brother 's bidding -- something she has denied . "  There is a lot more hard work to do in the future for the well-being of our sisters and brothers , the people of Thailand , " she said last month . "  There are many things to accomplish to make reconciliation possible , paving the way for a solid foundation for a flourishing nation . " Tensions between the Democratic Party and the Pheu Thai party , which reflect deep divisions within Thai society , erupted last year , leading to a military crackdown . More than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . After the riots , the Thai government pledged to work toward national reconciliation to heal class and political divisions , though the divide between the two groups remains wide . CNN 's Licia Yee contribute to this report	Yingluck Shinawatra has to be proclaimed by the nation 's king If King Bhumibol Adulyadej proclaims her , she will be the 28th prime minister in Thai history Yingluck is the younger sister of one of Thailand 's most polarizing political figures
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Three African armies launched a raid on a rebel camp in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the three armies announced on Monday . Jospeh Kony , leader of the Lord 's Resistance Army , in 2006 in southern Sudan . Congo 's national army joined Ugandan forces and southern Sudanese militia in a military operation Sunday meant to root out pockets of the Lord 's Resistance Army -- which had been preparing to launch an assault on Uganda from camps in eastern Congo , a joint statement from the three said . The operation comes amid stalled peace negotiations intended to disarm LRA leader Joseph Kony and end a rebellion that began in Uganda over two decades ago when President Yoweri Museveni came to power . Targeting rebel hideouts in Garamba , the triumvirate force said it was trying to rescue hostages and hunt down LRA leaders , accused of fomenting recent attacks against civilians in the region , including DRC , southern Sudan , and Central African Republic . LRA spokespeople could not be immediately reached for comment . The Lord 's Resistance Army -- led by Kony , who claims spiritual powers -- sought to overthrow its government , demanding the constitution be replaced with a version of the Ten Commandments . The Ugandan government and the rebels agreed to a cessation of hostilities in August 2006 , but there have been outbursts of fighting since . The LRA , which the U.S. State Department describes as "  vicious and cult-like , " has been known for its unpredictable behavior . Local villagers and international human rights groups have accused the rebels of committing widespread abuses , including recruiting young boys and girls as soldiers and sex slaves . In October 2005 , the International Criminal Court unsealed arrest warrants for five LRA commanders , including Kony , who is alleged to have "  ordered LRA forces to begin a campaign of attacks against civilians in Uganda " in 2002 , according to the court . The 33 counts against Kony included 21 counts of war crimes . Charges also included sexual enslavement , rape , inducing rape , directing attacks against civilians and forced enlisting of children to fight , according to a news release from the court . Eastern Congo has been riddled by another conflict -- warfare between rebels and government forces that has uprooted 250,000 people since summer and has claimed the lives of many . That conflict is an offshoot of the Rwandan conflict dating back to the early 1990s , when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu . CNN 's David McKenzie and Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Three African armies raid rebel camp in Democratic Republic of Congo Congo 's national army joined Ugandan forces , Sudanese militia in operation Talks to end fighting in eastern Congo , find lasting peace have stalled Recent fighting has seen 250,000 people flee their homes
CNN  The first Muslim lawmaker to serve on the House Intelligence Committee said Friday that the violence perpetrated by Islamic radicals in the name of their religion "  certainly does n't represent the -LSB- Muslim -RSB- religion " and encouraged those of all faiths to come together to stop it . "  It 's not any different than those who claim to be Christians or Jews or Hindus and commit atrocious acts , " Democratic Rep. Andre Carson said on CNN 's New Day of the attacks . "  I think it 's clear that we will never win the war on national terrorism , or even global terrorism for that matter , without getting help from Muslims , getting help from Sikhs , getting help from non-theists -- those who are committed to keeping our country safer and making the world a better place to live , " he added . Carson 's religion has become a flashpoint for criticism from conservatives following his appointment to the House Intelligence Committee this week . Conservative publications have raised questions about his ties to Islamist groups that have been investigated for allegedly supporting terrorism , and his comments during a 2012 speech that U.S. public schools should look to Islamic schools as a model . But a top Democrat came to his defense this week , with New York Rep. Joseph Crowley , vice-chairman of the Democratic caucus , saying the comments "  offended " him in a letter to members . "  These comments deeply offend me , as I 'm sure they offend all of you , which is why I hope all of us will take every opportunity to renounce these kinds of comments and discourage this kind of harmful talk , " he wrote . On Friday , Carson thanked Crowley for his support and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for her "  boldness " in appointing him to the Intelligence Committee , and said that "  for the most part , folks have been very excited about this opportunity on both sides of the aisle . " He also weighed in on the elevated terror threat in France and the 10,000 troops the French government deployed across the country this week as a precautionary measure , following a week of violent attacks from individuals who 've claimed ties to ISIS and other terrorist groups . Carson said he believes there is "  more to unearth and discover " about the threat facing France , and was supportive of the troop deployment , which he said was "  a start " -- but cautioned against the government overstepping its bounds . "  I know they certainly do n't want to become a totalitarian state , but in protecting the rights of citizens there 's a delicate balance between keeping people safe and surveilling the citizens to the point where we are targeting people specifically -- not because of race , not because of religion , but making sure we are targeting the right people and eliminating the threat to make people safer , " he said . He would not endorse a further commitment of troops from the U.S. to fight the growing threat posed by ISIS in the Middle East , saying "  we do n't want to have what we had in Iraq , " but said while the administration has done a "  fantastic job " addressing the threat , "  there 's more to be done . " "  We can not win this war unless we get help from our friends in the Arab League and the international community . It 's very clear , " he said .	Rep. Andre Carson said violence from Islamic radicals "  does n't represent " the Muslim religion Carson is the first Muslim appointed to the House Intelligence Committee Conservative publications have raised questions about his position on the committee in part because of his religion
CNN  -- A mosque in Joplin , Missouri , was burned to the ground early Monday , just over a month after an attempted arson at the Islamic center , officials said . Authorities are investigating the cause of the latest fire . The mosque 's security cameras were destroyed in the blaze , according to Sharon Rhine of the Jasper County Sheriff 's Office . "  This incident should not stop us from worshiping our God , " one member of the Islamic Society of Joplin told CNN affiliate KYTV . "  We are going to find a place probably to continue our service to God . " Kimberly Kester , another member , said the blaze was so intense that the building 's bricks were still sizzling hours after the fire . Carl Junction Fire Chief Bill Dunn called it a "  complete loss . " Though investigators have n't determined the cause , Kester suspects it to be another incident of arson . "  I think this act of hate will bring us together , " she told CNN iReport . The FBI is already investigating a fire that scorched the roof of the building on July 4 and has offered a $ 15,000 reward in conjunction with the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . The bureau has released surveillance video and a photograph of a man caught on surveillance cameras throwing some sort of incendiary device onto the building in that incident . Federal agents have begun an investigation into the new blaze , "  and we are basically waiting for a determination to be made on the cause , " FBI spokeswoman Bridget Patton told CNN . "  If it is determined that the fire was deliberately set or intentionally set , then we will investigate it to the full extent possible , " Patton said . The attack took place during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which ends August 18 . Kester said the mosque was a target of other acts of vandalism . In September of 2008 , a sign at the mosque was set on fire and was also determined to be arson , according to CNN affiliate KODE . The Council on American-Islamic Relations has called for increased police protection at other places of worship in the wake of the fire and is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information on the latest incident . The city of Joplin was the site of a monster tornado that ripped through the area in 2011 . At least 161 people were killed and miles of businesses , homes and schools were destroyed . Kester said she is confident the community resolve shown after that devastating storm will again be present as the mosque and its members look to rebuild . "  Joplin survived such a devastating storm and we came together . We can all come together and build a great community once again , " Kester said . The mosque 's burning comes as an Islamic center in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , prepares to open for the first time after years of legal wrangling , vandalism and anti-Muslim sentiment . The controversy erupted in 2010 , when planning commissioners approved an expansion project at the existing mosque . The construction site has been vandalized several times , including an arson attack in 2010 and "  not welcome " spray-painted on a sign announcing the project . Federal authorities have charged a Texas man with calling in a bomb threat to the center before last year 's anniversary of the September 11 attacks . The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro is awaiting its certificate of occupancy -- the final step needed to open . CNN 's Matt Smith , Darrell Calhoun and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	A previous fire on July 4 caused minor exterior damage That incident was ruled to be an arson and the FBI was investigating The cause of Monday 's fire has not been determined "  This incident should not stop us from worshiping our god , " mosque member says
CNN  -- A car with a body inside believed to be that of missing teacher Terrilynn Monette was found Saturday in a bayou in New Orleans , authorities said . The car and body were found in Bayou St. John by a diver with the Slidell Police Department , who volunteered to dive the waterways in the search for Monette , Detective Daniel Seuzeneau of the Slidell Police Department , said . The body is believed to be that of Monette , he said in an e-mail statement to CNN . Monette , 26 , was last seen March 2 leaving Parlay 's Dream Lounge in New Orleans , where she had been celebrating with friends her nomination for a "  Teacher of the Year " award . Monette 's mother , Toni Enclade , told CNN that investigators have notified her the car has been found , but not whether the body is her daughter . "  To know that she could have possibly been there for three months , " she said , overcome with emotion . Enclade said she does not know when she will be given a definitive answer by authorities . "  I ca n't even begin to go there right now , " she said . "  I 'm in shock . I ca n't believe this . I just ca n't believe this . " Authorities have focused a large part of their search efforts on the waterways because Monette would have had to have driven across the bayou to get from the bar to her home . Devoted teacher vanishes without a trace In mid-March , an independent search and rescue team from Texas volunteer to comb the lagoons and waterways . It discovered a car in the bayou , but it was later confirmed not to belong to Monette . Family and friends of Monette put up a billboard in New Orleans and created a Facebook page , "  We Love You Terrilynn Monette , " to help generate tips in the search for Monette . The diver who found the car and body , Slidell Police Officer Mark Michaud , has been "  working closely with the Monette family " because of his expertise in diving recoveries , Seuzeneau said . When Monette , of Long Beach , California , learned of the "  teachNOLA " program , which sends educators to New Orleans to teach in impoverished areas , she packed her bags and headed to Louisiana . "  I always wanted to be a teacher , and what better place to teach than New Orleans , where passionate teachers are needed most ? " she said in a 2011 video obtained by CNN affiliate WDSU . In her first year of teaching second grade at Woodland West Elementary School , Monette turned one of the lowest-performing classes into one of the highest achieving . It earned her a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination in her school district . CNN 's Scott Thompson and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Police have told Terrilynn Monette 's mother they found the car and a body , she says A police diver has found a car with a body inside believed to be Monette , police say Monette , 26 , was last seen March 2 leaving a New Orleans bar She was celebrating with friends a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination
CNN  -- Richard Branson was born in 1950 and educated at Stowe School . It was here that he began to set up Student Magazine when he was just 16 . By 17 he 'd also set up Student Advisory Centre , which was a charity to help young people . In 1970 he founded Virgin as a mail order record retailer , and not long after he opened a record shop in Oxford Street , London . During 1972 a recording studio was built in Oxfordshire , and the first Virgin artist , Mike Oldfield , recorded "  Tubular Bells " which was released in 1973 . This album went on to sell over 5 million copies . Since then many household names , including Belinda Carlisle , Genesis , Phil Collins , Janet Jackson and The Rolling Stones have helped to make Virgin Music one of the top six record companies in the world . Branson formed Virgin Atlantic Airways in 1984 , and it is now the second largest British long haul international airline and operates a fleet of Boeing 747 and Airbus A340 aircraft to locations including New York , Hong Kong , Johannesburg and Tokyo . During 1997 Virgin took over Britain 's two most run-down rail franchises , CrossCountry and the West Coast Main Line . In addition to his own business activities , Branson is a trustee of several charities including the Virgin Healthcare Foundation , a leading healthcare charity which was responsible for the launch of a health education campaign relating to AIDS in 1987 . The Foundation has also become involved in a lobbying campaign called Parents Against Tobacco , which aims to restrict tobacco advertising and sponsorship in sport . His help in the initial funding of charity projects helped that organization to raise over # 100 million  $ 200 million  , through campaigns such as Comic Relief and many other charities . To keep his adrenaline levels high , Richard has been involved in a number of world record-breaking attempts since 1985 . In 1986 his boat , "  Virgin Atlantic Challenger II " rekindled the spirit of the Blue Riband by crossing the Atlantic Ocean in the fastest ever recorded time . This was followed a year later by the epic hot air balloon crossing of the same ocean in "  Virgin Atlantic Flyer . " This was not only the first hot-air balloon to cross the Atlantic , but was the largest ever flown at 2.3 million cubic feet capacity , reaching speeds in excess of 130 miles per hour  209 km/h  . Still after the ultimate adventure , in January 1991 Richard crossed the Pacific Ocean from Japan to Arctic Canada , the furthest distance of 6,700 miles . Again , he broke all existing records , with speeds of up to 245 miles - per hour in a balloon of 2.6 million cubic feet . E-mail to a friend	Richard Branson set up Student Magazine at the age of 16 to start his empire He founded Virgin in 1970 as a music retailer , then opened a recording studio Branson has broken a number of records traveling in boats and balloons
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Franklin Graham was stumped . He had no idea what to give his father , evangelist Billy Graham , for his 90th birthday Friday . The Rev. Billy Graham speaks at a crusade in Kansas City , Missouri , in October 2004 . Suddenly , it dawned on him . "  I have people who sometimes come up to me and say , ` Franklin , I know I 'll never meet your father , but would you mind telling him that I got saved in his meeting in London in 1950 ? ' " the younger Graham said at the Billy Graham Library in Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I thought , wow , would n't it be something if everybody just wrote that little story down and gave it to him ? " So Franklin Graham turned to the Internet to help . For the past few months , people from around the world have been leaving personal messages for the elder Graham at billygraham90.com . The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association says it has received tens of thousands of birthday greetings . Read the messages "  In 1995 , I was in between combat tours , " writes a Canadian veteran . "  I was in my barracks room one night , and I was seriously contemplating suicide . Before cutting my wrists , a voice told me to put on the television . There you were preaching about why we should n't hurt ourselves that suicide was n't the answer . I was loved that night . " Other well-wishers write about how Graham 's ministry healed their marriages , reconciled families and led them to lives of service . At 90 , Billy Graham remains "  America 's pastor . " In over 70 years of ministry , Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person and in 185 countries . Millions more have read his books and seen him on television . Graham has also prayed with and counseled every American president from Harry Truman to George W. Bush . After Barack Obama won the presidential election , Graham issued an appeal on behalf of the president-elect : "  I urge everyone to join me in pledging our support and prayers as he begins the difficult task ahead . " Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain visited Graham at his home over the summer . "  He did n't ask for one thing except for water , " Franklin Graham said of the senator 's visit . "  He said , ` Dr. Graham , I 'd appreciate your prayer . If you 'd just pray that I 'd run an honorable campaign , ' and that 's all he asked . He did n't ask for my father 's support . " Today , Billy Graham spends most of his time in the remote western North Carolina mountain home where he and his wife , Ruth , raised their five children : Gigi , Anne , Ruth , Franklin and Ned . "  There are a lot of miles on that body , " his daughter Ruth said . "  His world has become smaller . " He leaves his home only for doctor 's visits in Asheville and an occasional Billy Graham Evangelistic Association board meeting in Charlotte . It has been a difficult time for Graham . In summer 2007 , his wife , Ruth , died after being bedridden for many years . The grief is still constant for Graham . "  She was just one great woman . She has a lot of steel in her and a lot of determination . ... I just thank God that he chose her way off in China somewhere to come back to America and marry me , " Graham told CNN 's Kyra Phillips in one of his last television interviews in 2005 . Graham 's family and associates say that his mind is sharp despite his age and that for a man who is 90 , he 's in good physical shape . "  The lion still has a roar , " said Graham 's spokesman , Larry Ross . Graham exercises with a physical therapist on a regular basis and still swims and takes walks when he can . However , the fragilities of old age are also a reality . In October , Graham spent a night in the hospital after tripping over his golden retriever , Sam . A nurse stays with him around the clock . Graham uses a walker to get around . His hearing is failing . Macular degeneration is stealing his eyesight . Yet despite these obstacles , Graham continues his ministry . With the help of an assistant , Graham is writing another book about growing older . "  I have discovered that just because we grow weaker physically as we age , it does n't mean that we must grow weaker spiritually , " Graham said in a statement this week . "  In fact , we ought to be growing stronger spiritually , because our eyes ought to be on eternity and Heaven -- on the things that really matter . " In many ways , these days Graham is making up for the years he spent on the road . "  He really tried to stay in touch with us and be the kind of father that he wanted to be , " his daughter Ruth said . "  He has said that he 's frustrated that he was n't home for us when we were little . " His daughter Anne , a Raleigh , North Carolina-based evangelist , often stops by to read from the Bible and preach . Graham has often said she is the best preacher in the family . Every Sunday when he is in town , Franklin has lunch with his father . They talk about the ministry and world events . Graham stays connected to the world by watching the news . CNN 's "  Larry King Live " is part of his nightly ritual , Ross says . Graham often prays for the people he sees in the news . After a church shooting in December in Colorado left five people dead , Franklin says , his father was heartbroken . "  He said , ` Franklin , let 's pray for those families ' ... so I turned the television off , and Daddy prayed for those victims , and that 's the side of Billy Graham I do n't think people realize . " A family meal of North Carolina barbeque , including pulled pork and coleslaw , will mark Graham 's birthday Friday . All of Graham 's children and most of his grandchildren and great-grandchildren will be there . It will be the first time Graham 's children have all been together since their mother died . The following week , there will be a larger celebration with friends and people who have served with Graham . There , he will be presented with the book of birthday greetings from fans around the world . Graham 's children say that despite his remarkable life , he is a humble man who does n't dwell on the past . "  My father does n't look backwards , " his daughter Ruth said . "  He really does see that God was the one who did it , and he just happened to be in the room . "	Graham turns 90 on Friday ; large birthday celebration planned for next week Tens of thousands of people have left birthday greetings for the evangelist Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person Graham 's family says his mind is sharp and he 's in good physical shape
CNN  -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus , commonly known as the swine flu , the government said in a televised statement on Tuesday . Oscar Arias , the president of Costa Rica , has contracted the H1N1 virus . Arias fell ill on Sunday , complaining of a sore throat and temperature , Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said . A doctor 's visit on Tuesday revealed that the president had the H1N1 virus , cases of which had been reported earlier in the Costa Rican capital of San Jose . The president 's overall health was good , but following his doctor 's advice , he will rest at his home until Sunday , Rodrigo Arias said . The president is expected to return to work on Monday , the minister said . As of Friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus in Costa Rica , and the virus has been blamed for 27 deaths , according to a report by the country 's ministry of health . A majority of the confirmed cases -- 480 -- were in San Jose . Arias , 67 , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for helping bring an end to Central America 's civil wars . More recently , he acted as mediator between two feuding sides claiming the leadership of Honduras .	President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus , government says Arias fell ill Sunday , complaining of a sore throat and a temperature Arias is expected to return to work on Monday , presidential minister says As of last Friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus in Costa Rica
CNN  -- "  The war on drugs has failed " is a mantra often heard in policy and media circles these days . But not only is the phrase outdated  the 1980s called -- they want their slogan back  , it is far too simplistic to describe both current drug policy and its outcomes . The latest incarnation of this ill-advised saying can be found in a report arguing that since cannabis and heroin prices have fallen while their purity has increased , efforts to curb drug use and its supply are doomed to failure . This leads some to highlight the possibility of alternatives in the form of "  regulation "  e.g. , legalization  of drugs . But a closer look at the data -- and the implications for a policy change to legalization -- should give us pause if we care about the dire consequences drug addiction has on society . Globally , drug use has been stable over the past decade , though it is difficult to paint such a broad brush across countries and substances . But in the U.S. alone , there has been a 40 % drop in cocaine use since 2006 and a 68 % decrease in workplace positive cocaine tests . Overall in the U.S. , all drug use has fallen by about 30 % since 1979 . There are likely numerous reasons for this drop , but we ca n't ignore the fact that the world 's top supplier of the drug -- Colombia -- has greatly improved its security situation over the same period . With help from the United States , Colombia has managed to reduce the amount of land dedicated to coca growing by nearly two-thirds from 2000 to 2010 . Potential production of cocaine has also fallen more than 60 % , though in places without such security enhancements -- namely Bolivia and Peru -- cocaine production has picked up . Still , this shows that progress is not only possible , it is happening . As for the opiates and cannabis , trends vary widely in different regions around the world . While critics are right to say that prices have fallen while potency has risen generally , globally the picture is much more mixed  the global cultivation of poppy has actually fallen since 1997 worldwide  . In policy analysis , the key question that must follow any sentence that says "  X policy is good/bad " is : "  Compared to what ? " Some have offered legalization as a possible alternative . But we know from our experience with currently legal drugs -- prescription drugs  which are now the leading cause of accidental deaths in the U.S.  , alcohol and tobacco -- that legality means commercialization , normalization and wider access and availability that lead to more use and addiction . Legalization in the United States is likely to accompany a bombardment of promotion , similar to our other three classes of legal drugs . These industries will stop at nothing to increase addiction since their bottom line relies on it . In fact , we know that 80 % of the profit from addictive industries comes from the 20 % of users who consume most of the volume of the substance . According to internal documents that the government forced Big Tobacco to release during its historic court settlement , those companies are ready to pounce on the golden opportunity of drug legalization . It is no wonder that the parent company of Phillip Morris , Altria , recently bought the domain names "  AltriaCannabis.com " and "  AltriaMarijuana.com . " If this sounds frightening , it should be . Big Tobacco tried for decades to conceal the harms of their drug , and millions of lives were lost as a result . We are naive to think that this would n't happen with any other drug that is legalized . Where does that leave us ? That legalization is not a solution does not mean we have to be content with the status quo . Proven interventions such as community-based drug prevention efforts , drug treatment courts , offender re-entry programs and probation reform should be more robustly implemented and taken to scale . It is shameful that the richest country in the world ca n't figure out a way to make drug treatment available to all who need it , and we must stop relying on incarceration to deal with the drug problem . Interestingly , though , according to criminologist Mark Kleiman , if all drug prisoners were released tomorrow , we would still have four times the number of people in prison than our historical incarceration rate instead of five . That tells me that the root causes of drug use , trafficking and crime , must be seriously tackled . On the other hand , legalization -- especially in ad-obsessed America -- would not only sweep the causes of drug use under the rug , it would open the floodgates to more addiction , suffering and costs than we could ever bargain for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Sabet .	A report says cheaper , purer illegal substances suggest war on drugs is failing Kevin Sabet : Actually , global drug use has been stable over the past decade He says some think legalization is the solution , but that would lead to more drug use Sabet : Legalization means companies will try to increase addiction to make more money
CNN  -- Politicians , generals and clerics have all played their part in shaping the new Iraq , with varying results . Now the geeks are giving it a shot . In recent months , Baghdad residents from science , engineering and tech backgrounds have been meeting regularly to participate in Iraq 's first "  hackerspace . " Known as Fikra Space , from the Arabic word for "  idea , " this open-access laboratory is intended as a technological playground to promote collaborative innovation , entrepreneurship -- and potentially solutions to some of the problems facing the country . "  There 's nothing else like this here , " said Salih Ammar , a 16-year-old high school student with an interest in smartphone technology , who has become heavily involved in the project . "  It 's open for all people , no matter their ages and their religion . " Sectarian tensions have been a hallmark of life in Iraq following the ouster of former dictator Saddam Hussein . Shia Arabs form the largest group in the country , but for centuries were dominated by the Sunni minority . Today , Shias dominate the government , and Sunni activists routinely protest what they consider discriminatory treatment . The hackerspace concept , where participants were free to drop in , experiment with specialist tech equipment and share ideas , has been imported to Iraq via Bilal Ghalib , a 27-year-old Iraqi-American . Ghalib became involved in hackerspaces when he visited about 50 across the United States in 2009 , shooting footage for a possible documentary . The model , he told CNN , had originated in Germany in the 1990s , but had taken off in the U.S. in the wake of the global financial crisis , as skilled , newly unemployed people sought different ways to re-tool and channel their energies in a more entrepreneurial way . Ghalib says he saw parallels with the situation across the Middle East where a young generation looking for greater control of their own destinies were being worn down by high unemployment and political instability . "  How do you look into the future and see your  hand  in it ? " he added . "  That 's what entrepreneurship is , putting control back into your hands and letting you create what you want to see and make a living doing it . " See more : Ten of the Gulf 's coolest green buildings Ghalib started Fikra Space during a flying visit to Iraq in October , paid for through crowd-funding to his organization GEMSI  the Global Entrepreneurship and Maker Space Initiative  . Having put the word out through online networks , he convened a series of workshops to demonstrate the new technologies people could play with in the setting -- such as a 3D printer -- and to introduce them to the ethos of the hackerspace itself . Since then , the group , which meets in the offices of a local journalism institute , has been drawing as many as 30 active participants to its meetings , held weekly if security allows , said Fikra Space member Mujtaba Zuhair . Although attacks by sectarian militants in Iraq have decreased since the height of the insurgency in 2006 and 2007 , religious violence is still common and security remains a prime concern for civil society groups and other organizations pushing a progressive agenda . Zuhair , a 19-year-old student with an interest in electronics and programming , said many locals struggled to wrap their heads around the concept , while Ghalib added that the project has been regarded with suspicion in some quarters . "  First , they 're confused by the word hacker -- they think it 's something to do with piracy , " said Zuhair . Rather , the term here refers to an inventor or creator . The "  open-source , " everyone-is-welcome philosophy that underpinned the project is also unique . "  There are n't many communities in Baghdad that operate like this , " said Zuhair , who has been using his time in the lab to conduct experiments in home automation -- connecting items in the home to a network which can be operated through a mobile phone . "  We do n't have a manager , board , administration . We 're all equal and every member can do whatever they want . " But despite its novelty , the facility is proving a major draw to a certain type of technologically curious , enterprising Iraqi , the majority of whom are college students or professors . "  The most interesting thing is the people themselves , the people who want to help their community and others , " said Ali Mohammed , a 21-year-old student of materials science and engineering who uses the labs to further his interest in artificial intelligence . Read more : Who will win the battle for the new Tunisia ? Along with others behind the space , he hopes the lab might eventually prove an incubator that could generate products and services providing solutions for problems facing Iraq . "  The problem here in Iraq is that people have lost hope in making things , " said Zuhair . "  People became unused to making things -- they just wanted to survive . If someone has a great idea they will get discouraged . But the new generation want to change , and they 're looking for other people like them who want to change . " To this end , Ghalib has had a similar hand in the establishment of hackerspaces in Lebanon and Egypt -- operating on the basis that he helps seed the idea , then lets the community take over -- and has a vision for a chain of similar spaces throughout the region . "  I want to see 1,000 hackerspaces from Turkey to Morocco , " he said . Ghalib added that you do n't need to spend long in Iraq to be exposed to the challenges the country faces -- when he was in Baghdad , explosions occurred close to where he was staying -- and the Middle Eastern hackerspaces had some way to go before they began generating solutions to those problems . Experiments thus far had been more modest in scope . Projects in Egypt include a high-tech reimagining of a "  fanuz , " the colourful lamp traditionally lit during Ramadan -- a home-grown response to the loss of the fanuz-manufacturing industry to China . Beirut 's hackerspace has conducted experiments with clay and cryptography , and while Baghdad 's experimental makers are a long way from solving the city 's notorious traffic issues , Zuhair is proposing a simple intervention to make it more tolerable : Starting a podcast to entertain gridlocked commuters . "  We have n't gotten there yet , " said Zuhair , acknowledging that the sort of game-changing innovations promised by the hackerspace movement were probably some way off . But that 's okay , said Ghalib . "  I think it 's really important for the people in the Middle East to feel like they have a place to come and play . People do n't really have that . " He acknowledges that his faith in the hackerspace concept has previously been described as "  irrationally optimistic " -- but says that 's a good fit for the city . "  I think that 's the only way to be when you 're working in a place like Baghdad , " he said . "  I believe it 's this type of optimism that will allow me and others around me to look past the challenges that surround us , and begin to do something . "	Hackerspaces have begun operating in Baghdad and elsewhere in the Middle East Hackerspaces are open-access laboratories intended to promote entrepreneurship Its members hope to generate tech solutions to some of the problems facing Iraqis
Washington  CNN  -- To President Barack Obama and U.S. allies in Europe , Sunday 's secession referendum in Crimea is unconstitutional , illegal and a fraud because Russian troops have essentially taken over the southern Ukraine peninsula . To Russian President Vladimir Putin , it is a chance for Crimean residents to decide if they want to realign their region with Moscow after the political strife in Ukraine that ousted the pro-Russian leader last month . Whatever the outcome , the vote planned by Crimea 's regional parliament and endorsed by Russia 's government will further inflame the Ukrainian crisis as the United States and European Union seek a diplomatic solution while threatening diplomatic and political sanctions . Here are some of the biggest questions about the issue , with a look at how key players are weighing in : 1  What is the Crimean referendum ? Voters in the autonomous Ukrainian region of about 2 million people will choose between asserting independence from the former Soviet republic or joining neighboring Russia . There is no option for the status quo -- remaining a part of Ukraine . Voters must be older than 18 and bring ID documents to show they are a resident of Crimea in order to cast a ballot . Officials say voters can expect to see members of the local electoral commission and observers at their allocated polling station , which will be open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. local time . Results are expected Monday and U.S. officials have made clear they expect Crimean voters to choose to become part of Russia . The referendum follows the lightning chain of events in Ukraine in recent months that included increasingly violent protests against the government , the country 's pro-Russian President fleeing across the border , and then Russian troops seizing what amounts to military control of Crimea -- where Russia 's Black Sea fleet is based . By unanimously backing the referendum , the Crimean parliament signaled the intentions of regional leaders as well as Russia to restore the territory to Moscow 's control . Ukraine 's interim government insists Crimea is part of the country , a stance supported by the United States and its European allies . Disturbing tales emerge from Crimea 2  Is it legal ? Depends on who you ask . In Ukraine , the interim government rejects the referendum as unconstitutional , while many in the pro-Russian Crimea region desire the chance to again align with Moscow . Russia says the political upheaval in Ukraine that forced out President Viktor Yanukovych ended the Kiev government 's constitutional authority . Russian President Vladimir Putin calls the ousting of Yanukovych an anti-constitutional coup , and he argues the people of Crimea should have the right to decide their future in the same way as other autonomous regions , such as Kosovo 's breakaway from Serbia . However , Obama and European leaders insist the Crimean referendum would violate the Ukrainian constitution and international law . Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told CNN last week that the Ukrainian constitution requires territorial referendums to be held "  across the entirety of Ukraine and not just in a sub-region like this . " She argued that Yanukovych fled of his own volition , and that constitutional authority agreed to in a February 21 deal he reached with opposition leaders and European envoys remained in effect . Under that agreement , Ukraine will elect a new government on May 25 for the entire country , including Crimea . Russian Parliament backs Crimea vote , brushes off sanctions threat 3  What would it mean ? Obama 's quick condemnation of a Crimean referendum showed the United States expects the outcome to favor realigning with Russia . The autonomous region has a 60 % ethnic Russian population , having been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 when both countries belonged to the Soviet Union . Power said that if the referendum goes forward , the result would get little recognition beyond Russia . That did n't matter in 2008 when Russia under Putin sent troops into neighboring Georgia , another former Soviet territory , to back autonomy for the pro-Russian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . More than five years later , both territories are effectively annexed with Russian forces still present . Asked if Crimea and perhaps other parts of eastern and southern Ukraine that favor Russia might end up the same , Power said : "  I think it 's maybe not helpful to talk about precedents . " "  We are seeking to create a future where the past is not replicated here in Ukraine , " she added . Cyberwar hits Ukraine 4  Potential fallout ? For Russia , a major motivation is ensuring control of its Black Sea fleet based in Sevastopol , as well as its economic influence in Ukraine and other former Soviet territories and satellites . The Crimean referendum would provide an electoral justification for what amounts to a land grab amid Ukraine 's political upheaval . Obama acknowledged Russia had legitimate concerns that needed to be part of a solution , such as guarantees it could maintain the Sevastopol-based naval fleet in Ukraine . However , his call for Russian troops in Crimea to return to their barracks and negotiations between Russia and Ukraine on a solution has so far yielded little progress . Both the United States and European Union have threatened sanctions if no significant progress occurs soon , but major economic ties between Russia and European powers , such as Germany , raise questions about the strength of any EU steps . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that if the Crimean referendum proceeds with no sign of movement by Russia on negotiating with Ukraine on the crisis , "  there will be a very serious series of steps Monday in Europe and here . " To CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , Putin may get his wish with Crimea , but at a cost . "  They got Crimea , but they 've scared off Ukraine , " he said . "  And , most importantly , the people of Ukraine are now deeply suspicious of Russia . The people in Poland and Hungary and the Czech Republic , or probably in places like Kazakhstan , are all now fearful . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Lena Kashkarova contributed to this report .	People in Crimea , an autonomous region of Ukraine , vote Sunday on joining Russia The United States and its European allies reject the referendum as illegal To Russia , the ousting of the elected Ukraine government was illegal At issue is whether constitutional authority exists in Ukraine
Mashable  -- Thanks to the growth of smartphone adoption , about half of U.S. mobile phone owners use their devices while watching TV , a new study suggests . According to a Pew Internet & American Life Project report , cellphone users not only look up information online in real time and keep themselves occupied during commercials via their handheld devices , they are also interacting with friends . Mashable.com : 75 % of world has access to mobile phones About 23 % of cellphone users send text messages to others watching the same show in a different location . Other popular "  connected " activities include looking up information mentioned on TV  20 % have done so in the last 30 days  , posting comments online about a show  11 %  , playing on phones during commercials  38 %  and voting for a reality show contestant  6 %  . The study -- which was conducted among 2,254 American adults ages 18 and older -- also revealed that men and women are just as glued to their phones while watching TV  52 %  . The most popular age demographics are mobile device users ages 18 to 24  81 %  , followed by ages 25 to 34  72 %  . Mashable.com : Man watches 252 Netflix movies in a month , gets invited to Netflix HQ Meanwhile , those living in households earning $ 50,000 each year or more are more likely to participate in interactive television experiences . African-American cellphone owners  59 %  are also more likely to use mobile devices than Caucasian users  50 %  . Those living in urban environments are also more likely to embrace an interactive TV experience than those in rural areas . Do you think mobile phones enhance the television experience , or are they just distracting ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments . Mashable.com : TweetDeck rolls out sleeker navigation , management tools © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Study finds about half of U.S. mobile phone owners use phones while watching TV Viewers use them to look up information , keep busy during commercials , text other viewers Men are just as glued to phones as women while watching TV Urban , wealthier and African-American viewers are most likely to use phones to interact with shows
If you blink during the video , you might miss the moment an explosion destroys what is said to have been the tomb of Jonah , a key figure in Christianity , Judaism and Islam . The first few frames show the revered shrine towering over its landscape . Then comes a sudden burst of dust , fire and smoke . Then , nothing . Militants with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , planted explosives around the tomb and detonated them remotely Thursday , civil defense officials there told CNN . The holy site is said to be the burial place of the prophet Jonah , who was swallowed by a whale or great fish in the Islamic and Judeo-Christian traditions . CNN could not immediately confirm the authenticity of the video , which was posted to YouTube . The tomb was inside a Sunni mosque called the Mosque of the Prophet Yunus , which is Arabic for Jonah . ISIS is waging war against the Iraqi government and has taken over several cities . It is seeking to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses parts of Iraq and Syria and has begun imposing Sharia law in the towns it controls . ISIS is part of a puritanical strain of Islam that considers all religious shrines -- Islamic , Christian , Jewish , etc. -- idolatrous . Biblical scholars are divided on whether the tomb in Mosul actually belonged to Jonah . In the Jewish tradition , he returns to his hometown of Gath-Hepher after his mission to Nineveh . And some modern scholars say the Jonah story is more myth than history . Still , the story of Jonah is told often in the Christian tradition and has special resonance for that faith , scholars Joel S. Baden and Candida Moss write in a piece on CNN 's Belief Blog . "  In Christian tradition , the story of Jonah is an important one , " they say . "  Jonah 's descent into the depths in the belly of the great fish and subsequent triumphant prophetic mission to Nineveh is seen as a reference to and prototype of the death and resurrection of Jesus . " Baden is professor of Hebrew Bible at Yale Divinity School . Moss is a professor of New Testament and early Christianity at the University of Notre Dame . They refer to the destruction of Jonah 's tomb as "  an attack on both those Christians living in Iraq today and on the rich , if little-known , Christian heritage of the region . " The book of Jonah tells the story of him balking at first when God tells him to go to Nineveh to preach . Instead , Jonah sails in another direction , where he encounters a great storm and winds up being swallowed by a great fish . He spends a few days in the belly of the fish before emerging alive to follow God 's instruction to go to Nineveh . Mosul , the second-largest city in Iraq , is near Nineveh , once a powerful city of the ancient world . Christian families fled Mosul this month after the al Qaeda splinter group issued an ultimatum to Iraqi Christians living there : Convert to Islam , pay a fine or face "  death by the sword . " ISIS has blown up several Sunni holy sites in the last few weeks in Mosul . Last month , it destroyed seven Shiite places of worship in the predominantly Shiite Turkmen city of Tal Afar , about 31 miles  50 kilometers  west of Mosul , Human Rights Watch has reported , citing local sources . Who is the ISIS ? CNN exclusive : Inside Baghdad 's hospital , harrowing tales from the front line How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda	Tomb is said to be the burial place of the prophet Jonah in Mosul , Iraq A video shows tomb 's destruction ISIS has blown up Sunni holy sites in Iraqi city
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez scored twice against his former club as Manchester City claimed a 2-1 derby triumph over bitter rivals Manchester United in the first leg of the English League Cup semifinal on Tuesday night . The Argentina forward , who left United in acrimonious circumstances after rejecting a new contract at the end of last season , scored in either half to give new manager Roberto Mancini victory over Alex Ferguson in his first derby in charge . Veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs put United ahead in the 17th minute at City 's Eastlands Stadium with his first goal in a Manchester derby since 1996 , but Tevez leveled from the penalty spot three minutes before halftime and headed the winner in the 65th minute . Mancini took off the man of the match with just over 10 minutes to play , and City had to hold on as United surged forward in search of a second away goal ahead of the second leg at Old Trafford on Wednesday next week . Ferguson field an almost full-strength team for the first time this season in the tournament , which offers a Europa League place for the winners , but the continued absence of injured first-choice central defenders Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic was apparent in both City goals . Fullback Rafael da Silva was ruled to have twice pulled back Craig Bellamy , the second time inside the area and with seemingly little contact made , as the City striker took advantage of his young opponent 's lack of experience . Tevez blasted the ball into the net for his 12th goal in 11 games despite gamesmanship from his former teammates Wayne Rooney and goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar , who was booked for delaying the spot-kick . Wes Brown and Jonny Evans were then caught out of position as United failed to properly clear a corner , allowing Tevez to dive in with a predatory close-range header from Vincent Kompany 's clever hooked cross . Mancini , who left Brazil star Robinho on the bench after putting him on and then taking him off again during Saturday 's defeat by Everton , also had an inexperienced defensive line-up as he started with Dedryck Boyata . The 18-year-old Belgian made only his third first-team appearance for City , and could do nothing as goalkeeper Shay Given 's reflex save from Rooney 's close-range flick hit his arm and fell into the path of Giggs , who made no mistake to put United ahead . Boyata then got in the way of a goal-bound header from central defensive partner Micah Richards later in the first half , and looked a distraught figure when he was finally substituted in the 77th minute . His replacement Nedum Onuoha made a vital contribution as United peppered the City goal , clearing United substitute Michael Owen 's scuffed shot off the line with Given grounded after doing well to deny Rooney . Given tipped over another Rooney effort after the England striker jinked into the penalty area with ease , and winger Antonio Valencia should have put Patrice Evra 's cross into the net in the 87th minute as he appeared to be distracted by a potential collision with a goalpost -- though replays suggested he was offside anyway . In time added on , Given again got down well to gather a Rooney shot which looked destined to hit the woodwork as City held on for a famous win . Aston Villa take a 1-0 lead into the home second leg of their semifinal against Blackburn this Wednesday .	Carlos Tevez scores twice against his former club as Manchester City beat rivals United City take 2-1 lead into second leg of English League Cup semifinal next week Ryan Giggs put United ahead in 17th minute but Tevez leveled from penalty spot Tevez , who left United at the end of last season , heads winner in the 65th minute
CNN  -- There 's a plaque affixed to the wall inside the lounge room of the downtown Cairo studio where Bassem Youssef films "  Al Bernameg "  "  The Program "  , the Arab world 's most watched TV show . "  Sarcasm , " reads the top line in big capital letters . "  Because beating the f *** out of people is illegal , " it continues . Reading the sign , Youssef 's face instinctively turns into a familiar wide grin , similar to the one with which he greets the legions of viewers who tune in every week to watch him poking fun at news and politics . But seconds later he shifts to a slightly more pensive stance . "  Sometimes you are too emotional to do things that might be illegal , so you revert to sarcasm and comedy , " says Youssef , who is frequently described as "  Egypt 's Jon Stewart . " "  It 's a huge weapon , " he adds . "  It 's a very important weapon . " Egyptian movie star : ` Arabs are not terrorists ' Armed with sharp-tongued humor , Youssef has become an icon for many in post-revolutionary Egypt . A trained heart surgeon , he started his satirical show from his flat amid the uprising , posting his work on YouTube . It got so popular that a major Egyptian channel picked it up . Since then , his satirical show has been drawing in tens of millions of viewers week in , week out , not just in Egypt but also across the Middle East and North Africa . Yet not everyone is a fan . Just a few months ago , Egypt 's public prosecutor charged him with defaming President Mohamed Morsy , insulting Islam and spreading false news . Islamists have also filed a number of legal complaints on political or religious grounds , but activists say it 's part of a campaign to silence the TV host . Youssef says the reaction is rooted in Egypt 's patriarchal society , a culture which , he says , does not tolerate criticism of those who are deemed more powerful : from elders to authorities . "  This is what has put us down as a community , as a population , for so long . We ca n't really talk back , " says the 39-year-old . "  It was fine when it was your parents but it 's not fine when it 's people with authority , " he adds . "  But we do that and we do it with humor and we do it with sarcasm . And people equate being laughed at as being ridiculed ,  saying  ' I ca n't be ridiculed by this little dot dot dot brat ' -- you can put whatever you want about me . " Read this : ` Egypt 's Brad Pitt ' calls for people power Last week Youssef welcomed to Al Bernameg Jon Stewart , the popular American comedian and host of the "  Daily Show . " For 20 minutes , the two satirists engaged in a wide-ranging conversation that veered from hilarious to serious to poignant , notwithstanding Stewart 's support for his Egyptian counterpart . "  It does n't get me into the kind of trouble that gets you into , " Stewart told Youssef in response to a question about any backlash he 's faced . "  I get into trouble but nowhere near what happens to you , " added Stewart , before continuing , "  if your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke , then you do n't have a regime . " While Youssef 's comedy has brought him trouble on many occasions , the satirist says he 's going to continue pushing the boundaries and battling for freedom of speech . "  This is by far the most important issue that everybody should fight for , " he says . "  If you start to suppress people 's freedom of speech under whatever excuse you want -- ` it 's not good for the country , it 's not good for the building of the country ' -- so every time they say this , we raise the ceiling , we raise the roof , we push it further . And I 'm going to do this until the ceiling is broken or we are shut down . " Shutting down is a real possibility , as lawsuits continue to be filed . But Youssef shrugs off the prospect with his usual humor . "  I 'm going to have a holiday if they stop me , " he smirks . "  Ah , I need a holiday . " He admits , however , that dealing with Egypt 's day-to-day reality does have an effect on him . "  It brings me down all the time , " says Youssef . "  It 's very difficult to write a show with all this happening ; it becomes very depressing and it 's overwhelming , it overshadows everything that you do . " Yet he remains adamant that comedy is key for Egypt to get through the current turmoil . "  Countries are n't built by boring people , " he says . "  As matter of fact , entertainment is a great industry so it helps to actually build the country . "  The thing is we are n't just being funny ` haha , ' we are criticizing political situations . You ca n't just let it go . Other people can talk for hours about what 's going on in the country . We take a couple of jokes and everyone talks about the problem . "  So , in a way , we are building the country . "	Bassem Youssef is known as ` Egypt 's Jon Stewart ' He is the host of a popular TV show poking fun at Egyptian news and politics But his satire has often caused him trouble , and lawsuits have been filed against him Youssef says comedy is key to rebuilding Egypt
CNN  -- Ben Vu 's parents and older brother fled South Vietnam by boat in 1975 -- in the chaotic and violent final days before Saigon fell to communist forces from the north . The family emigrated to a small town in Nebraska , where Ben was born , but the story of how the family escaped 38 years ago this month became part of the family lore -- real-life bedtime stories of daring and danger young Ben never tired of hearing . Three decades later , Ben started his own company , SkyVu  pronounced sky-voo  Entertainment , and used these stories as his inspiration for a mobile game called "  Battle Bears . " "  The Battle Bears is a sci-fi journey from one end of futuristic America to the other end , " Vu said . "  It kind of parallels the story my family tells of moving from Vietnam to America , that treacherous journey . They 've always told me that story throughout childhood . It stuck with me . " Since it launched in 2009 , mobile gamers have downloaded "  Battle Bears " more than 24 million times . SkyVu has grown from three employees to 35 and counting . Two "  Battle Bears " game soundtrack albums sell on iTunes , and the Omaha company is now working on a Web series with Google . Vu 's goal is to create an entertainment empire , starting with the Battle Bears -- cartoon characters compared in the gaming press both to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Angry Birds . At 37 , Vu is an unlikely tech entrepreneur . He grew up in Norfolk , Nebraska , far from the tech and entertainment hubs of Silicon Valley and Hollywood . His parents , who left a successful coffee-and-tea business behind in Vietnam , worked as janitors , initially . The family lived in a house not far from Johnny Carson 's boyhood home . "  Whenever they did ` Johnny Carson comes home , ' I remember that TV crew coming to town . It was the biggest thing ever to happen to Norfolk , I think . That was my first encounter with entertainment , " Vu said . One of the benefits of his father 's job was paper . His father would come home with reams of paper from the hospital where he worked . "  That was some of my fondest memories because we would set the reams of paper on the table at the beginning of the evening , we would roll it out and my brother and I would draw out war scenes and weapons and vehicles until our hands could n't draw anymore , " Vu said . Ben 's mother eventually became a seamstress and his father earned a college degree in computer science . His older brother , Hoa , joined the Army , rising to the rank of captain before co-founding SkyVu with Ben in 2008 . Ben recalls being a lackluster student , but says he could always draw and tell stories . He received a master 's degree in animation at CalArts and worked on the Oscar-nominated animated film "  Coraline " before starting SkyVu in the basement of a rented home in suburban Omaha . "  I decided I could spend all my time toiling away in the film industry trying to make my characters realized , or I could start something on my own and aim for a smaller screen , " Vu says . He funded SkyVu out of pocket , with help from friends and family , before pitching his idea to Nebraska Angels , a group of local venture capitalists . He received his first outside investment of just under $ 500,000 -- a sum that 's not huge by dotcom startup standards but one that made a huge difference for SkyVu . "  I get my hard work ethic from my dad and from mom and from my older brother , but I also have a bit of creativity and rebelliousness that helps fuel the company , " said Vu . Ben is SkyVu 's CEO . His brother remains on the board of directors , but is not involved in day-to-day activities . In "  Battle Bears , " the bears roam the galaxy trying to keep it safe from threats in a manner that 's both cute and quirky . Chief among their foes are Huggables , pink bears that hug the battle bears to death unless the characters shoot their heads off first -- prompting rainbows to spew from their bodies . "  We have very cute bears and they are in very fantastic , wild situations . So they have to ` MacGuyver ' their way out with very unique weapons , " Vu said . "  And that 's part of the beauty of the brands . It 's the wackiness , combined with just a little bit of violence for dramatic effect . " Walking among the game developers , the space festooned with posters , drawings and 3-D renderings , Vu becomes animated talking about new characters , new weapons and new games in the works . "  This is very much show business , and we have to continue to grow if we 're going to become a strong media company , " Vu says .	"  Battle Bears " creator says family 's journey from Vietnam was his inspiration Ben Vu created the quirky mobile game that has been downloaded 24 million times He hopes to expand franchise with soundtracks , animated series
CNN  -- Amid all the jockeying of the primary debates , President Barack Obama 's 2013 budget was a breath of fresh air that underscored the priorities we should have as a nation . Sure , politicos may call it a campaign document , but even if you view it as only that , it is a much needed reminder of just what we should be focusing on . For Latinos , there is plenty in this budget , especially coming on the heels of the president 's State of the Union speech a couple of weeks ago , to remind us that there is still reason to be hopeful . Obama 's call for greater income equality on taxes , his focus on job creation , including focusing on key elements of his American Jobs Act  supported by 78 % of Latinos  , his renewed call for DREAM Act legislation in the State of the Union , and yes , his commitment to environmental and public health protections , as well as for the expansion of a clean energy economy . While not a "  typical " Latino statement , the plan to create more clean energy jobs and more responsible energy development is just what the doctor ordered , as far as they are concerned . Although it is down in the latest jobs numbers , Latino unemployment continues to hover near 11 % , and with many of the Latino community 's job losses stemming from the slowdown in the housing market , they need this boost now . Interestingly enough , even just a few years ago , environmental issues did not register with Latinos as top concerns for their families . That has changed . Majorities of Latinos support strong environmental protections , especially since many communities happen to be in historically unsafe and polluted environs . So the president 's statement -- "  We do n't have to choose between our environment and our economy " -- which is reflected in his budget , really hits home for Latinos . And that 's not what we 've been hearing in the news these days . We hear an unrepentant tirade from GOP pundits that regulations are nothing but "  job killers . " But Obama is telling us they save lives and create jobs ? Well , that not only happens to be the case , but GOP pundits also conveniently disregard the fact that there were fewer regulations put in place in the first three years of the Obama administration than in the first three years of the George W. Bush presidency . But let 's look at the facts that underscore why Latinos care about this issue . Hundreds of thousands of Americans are already at work in clean energy jobs . More than 100,000 people already work in the solar industry , according to the National Solar Jobs Census . Installing solar panels can not be outsourced and fits the bill for many construction workers struggling to get by , and is a tremendous opportunity for many Latino entrepreneurs , who already have a strong foothold in the construction industry . The president has also spoken of jobs that Latinos might get on farms -- wind farms , that is - thanks to the growth of wind power , which the Bureau of Labor Statistics says now employs 85,000 Americans . More than 150,000 jobs are already out there in the clean car industry â $ " for workers making parts and assembling hybrid and electric cars . And the shift to more advanced vehicles means more opportunity in the coming years . We keep hearing about these "  job killing regulations , " but for millions of Americans and especially minority and low income communities , clean air protections are "  life-saving regulations . " This is another big reason environmental issues are registering on the minds of many Latino families , especially Latina mothers , a key swing vote group in the upcoming elections . Low income communities overwhelmingly suffer the worst impacts of pollution nationally . Cleaning up our communities means protecting our health and creating jobs  after all , someone needs to build and install the equipment necessary to protect us from polluters  . Clean air safeguards generated approximately $ 1.3 trillion in public health and environmental benefits in 2010 alone for a cost of $ 50 billion . For Latino families , who often lack health insurance even if they are employed full time , these savings can make the difference between home ownership and foreclosure . So as you listen to the politicians shouting at each other in Washington , they are drawing a very bright line and letting you know what really matters to them . Ask yourself , "  Who has my and my family 's best interests in mind ? " The folks looking out for public health or the folks representing polluters who do n't want to invest in America , or in their employees â $ " not to mention the facilities that are now finally being forced to live up to the law ? The folks who see opportunities to bring manufacturing back to America as we shift to cleaner energy or those working to keep things just the way they are â $ " no matter the price ? The answer is pretty clear . And that is what we need right now . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona says Obama 's committment to environment resonates wtih Latinos She says jobs and clean energy are linked for Latinos , whose unemployment is high She says pollution important issue to Latino mothers , who often live in poor communities Cardona : Ask yourself : Which politicians are protecting the environment and public health ?
CNN  -- A new country and a new start -- Rafael Nadal will cautiously embark on his long-awaited comeback tournament in Chile this week . The tennis star has not played a competitive match since losing in the second round at Wimbledon last June due to knee problems , and he is wary of pushing himself too hard in his first appearance at the Vina del Mar Open . "  I have to take it slowly and be humble to know that things wo n't be as good as they were before my injury . I need to be patient , " the 11-time grand slam champion told reporters . "  I need weeks of working on the circuit . This is my first week and I do n't think the goals are the same that the ones I will have in two more months . " Nadal is hoping to defend his French Open title yet again , aiming for an unprecedented eighth crown in Paris , but the Spaniard 's 2013 preparations were ruined by a preseason illness that forced him to miss last month 's Australian Open . He decided the skip the hard-court event and go straight to his favored clay surface , on which he will also play in a Brazilian tournament after Chile . "  I hope the tournament will help me to get the feeling I need to add week after week after a long period without competition ... results are the least important thing right now , " said Nadal , who last week launched a smartphone app that teaches tennis skills . "  If my knee does n't hurt I have no fear . I 've had had more serious injuries in the past and I got stronger after them , " he added . "  This is the injury that has sidelined me the longest so maybe it will take me a bit longer to get back my confidence , the good feeling on court , but if my knee does n't hurt I do n't see why I could n't get back my movements and game style . " The 26-year-old will take to the court on Tuesday for a doubles match , then start his singles campaign the following day after receiving a first-round bye as the top seed in the draw despite slipping to fifth in the world rankings . Nadal met Chile 's president Sebastian Pinera when he arrived on Friday , when he downplayed his chances of a victorious return . "  It was the best decision to come to a country for the first time . Vina del Mar has the surface I need . Losing in the first round is something that could happen , because I have n't played in such a long time , " he said . Meanwhile , the man who last beat Nadal did not need to repeat his Saturday exertions as the Czech Republic reached the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup . Lukas Rosol had helped the defending champions take a 2-1 lead against Switzerland after a record-breaking seven-hour doubles clash , but his playing partner Tomas Berdych put the tie beyond the home team as he won Sunday 's opening doubles rubber against Stanislas Wawrinka . Berdych triumphed 6-3 6-4 3-6 7-6  7-5  in more than three hours against Wawrinka , who had beaten Rosol on Friday . "  It was an incredible weekend , " Berdych said . "  Yesterday was a part of history and today was a really tough one . "  It was a team effort to get ready for the match and I was feeling good from the first point . If I 'd lost the fourth set , I would have been able to keep going . " Jiri Vesely stood in for 73rd-ranked Rosol in the dead rubber , but lost to Henri Laaksonen . The Czechs will next travel to Kazakhstan , who beat Austria 3-1 after returning to the World Group via a playoff following last year 's first-round whitewash against Spain . Kazakhstan defeated the Czechs 3-2 in the country 's first top-flight appearance in 2011 . Argentina will host France in another quarterfinal after both nations completed 5-0 victories on Sunday , against Germany and Israel respectively . Novak Djokovic 's Serbia will play either the U.S. or Brazil after beating Belgium 3-2 , having lost Sunday 's two dead rubbers as the world No. 1 and Viktor Troicki were rested . Italy edged Croatia 3-2 to earn a clash with Canada , who upset last year 's losing finalists Spain to reach the last eight for the first time . Fabio Fognini won the deciding match for Italy against Ivan Dodig , coming from behind to triumph 4-6 6-4 6-4 6-4 . In Vancouver , Milos Raonic gave Canada an unbeatable 3-1 lead as he defeated Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-3 6-4 6-2 to end the hopes of five-time winners Spain -- missing Nadal , David Ferrer , Nicolas Almagro and Fernando Verdasco . On the women 's tour , Mona Barthel won her second WTA title after upsetting top seed Sara Errani in the final of the Paris Open . The 22-year-old won 7-5 7-6  7-4  against the 2012 French Open runner-up as she followed up earlier victories over third seed Marion Bartoli and No. 5 Roberta Vinci . The 45-ranked German denied her more experienced Italian opponent a seventh career title , hitting 53 winners to 16 but making 50 unforced errors to 18 . Russia 's Maria Kirilenko won her sixth title by edging German fifth seed Sabine Lisicki 5-7 6-1 7-6  7-1  at the Pattaya Open , having lost in the final of the Thai event last year .	Former world No. 1 Rafael Nadal will return this week after a seven-month injury absence Spaniard will play in Chilean tournament for the first time , having slipped to fifth in rankings Davis Cup holders Czech Republic through to quarterfinals after win by Tomas Berdych Nadal 's Spain crash out as Milos Raonic puts Canada in last eight for the first time
CNN  -- In the outlying slums of Cairo , people "  drown in oceans of garbage " and are forced to live with the stench of polluted air , says Mahmoud Gamal , 26 , a marketing executive living in Cairo , Egypt 's capital . Gamal 's comments were made through CNN iReport , which has an assignment on life in Egypt under President Mohamed Morsy . The iReporters describe a life in which many people in the North African nation are facing a daily battle against poverty , spiraling inflation and high unemployment . Morsy , meanwhile , is in negotiations for the country to get an economic rescue package from the International Monetary Fund . Sectarian violence and protests over rising prices and poor wages following the Arab Spring are decimating foreign investment . The country also remains divided over Islamist leader Morsy , who came to power as Egypt 's first popularly elected president after Hosni Mubarak was toppled in February 2011 . Morsy 's office did not respond to a request for comment about the economic situation in his country when contacted by CNN . But , in an exclusive interview with CNN in January , Morsy said : "  To start real stability and development , we may take six months or a year but to reach what we want may take five to 10 years ... I 'm talking economically . " "  Egyptians do n't trust the president and the government , " Maged Eskander , a 38-year-old architect from the Egyptian capital told CNN iReport . "  They simply do n't have the vision , the ability or will to lead the country . " Read more : Why Egypt 's transition from its Arab Spring is so painful When Egyptians descended on Tahrir Square in early 2011 , rising against Mubarak 's near three decade rule , they did not expect he would be replaced by a "  carbon copy , " Gamal said . Morsy is making the country 's dire economic situation "  worse , " he added . Egypt -- the Arab world 's most populous nation -- is seeking a rescue loan of $ 4.8 billion from the Washington-based IMF to buoy its ailing economy and a weak currency that is driving up consumer prices . Read more : ElBaradei : Pillars of Egypt 's progress In return , the IMF wants Egypt to overhaul its finances , cut energy subsidies , raise taxes and reduce its budget deficit before offering support . In March , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry released $ 250 million in economic aid to Egypt , calling it a "  good faith effort " and urging Morsy to pledge economic and political reforms . Read more : Egypt president 's tricky game of power But Gamal told CNN ordinary Egyptians are already struggling to pay for water and electricity while mothers queue up in bread lines . " -LSB- They -RSB- would be lucky if they come back with anything , " he added . The cost of fuel , particularly diesel , is also on the increase as transport in large parts of the country is paralyzed by shortages of subsidized diesel . Soaring unemployment Egypt -- one of Africa 's largest economies -- is also grappling with a high unemployment rate of 13 % and a young workforce that is becoming increasingly frustrated by a lack of skilled jobs . Ahmed Raafat , a 23-year-old unemployed graduate engineer , said Egypt suffered hugely under the iron fist of Mubarak but now "  things are getting even worse . " Raafat believes the policies of Morsy 's government are "  crushing " the country 's poor and middle earners . "  It 's hard to find a job in Egypt , " Raafat said . "  Many of my friends are facing the same problems . " According to Gamal : "  University graduates that should be working as journalists , engineers and accountants now work as waiters and taxi drivers . " One major contributor to Egypt 's unemployment woes is its tourism-dependent economy , which went into a tail-spin following the revolution . Security concerns in Cairo and the country 's top resorts are making would-be holidaymakers look to alternative destinations and forcing employers to scale back . Rafaat said : "  My family works in the tourism industry which many describe as the life blood of Egypt . It has almost dried up due to the lack of security . " But Egypt 's tourism minister Hisham Zazou has recently told CNN the industry had cause for optimism . He said Egypt had been enjoying an uptick in tourism and that it was a mistake to think the entire country was dangerous . Since the revolution in 2011 , sectarian violence between Coptic Christians and Muslims has marred Egypt 's image as a safe country for visitors . This month one person was killed and more than 80 injured in fighting outside the Coptic Othodox Cathedral in central Cairo , where a funeral for four Egyptian Christians , killed in fighting , took place . Hardline Islamists -- repressed under the autocratic rule of Mubarak -- have been given more freedom under the governance of Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood , leading to large-scale religious clashes in Muslim-dominated Egypt . Ninety percent of Egypt 's 82 million population is Muslim , while about 9 % is made up of Christians . Eskander said the streets of Cairo are "  condensed with anger and frustration " and the security situation remains "  bad . " He blames police for failing to control the fighting .	Egypt -- the Arab world 's most populous nation -- is seeking a rescue loan of $ 4.8 billion Egypt is grappling with a high unemployment rate of 13 % and a young workforce International Monetary Fund projects inflation in Egypt to rise to 10.7 in 2013
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If mention of The Pirate Bay conjures up images of parrots , peg legs and planks , or geeky jargon like BitTorrent and jailbreak leaves you all at sea , this handy A-Z will help you navigate the choppy waters of the online piracy debate . "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , was downloaded over a million times after being leaked in early April . The Screening Room 's indispensable lexicon of online piracy will teach you cracking from key generators : You 'll never again be caught out wondering how "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " fits into warez . A is for anti-piracy Efforts to prevent the illegal transfer and use of copyrighted material -- often spearheaded by corporate associations like the Motion Picture Association of America  MPAA  -- using a variety of digital rights management  DRM  tools like encryption , product keys and serial numbers . Technologically often a step or two behind the pirates , the entertainment industry will sue for breach of copyright . B is for Bill Gates As early as 1976 , Gates wrote an open letter saying that software piracy could be a problem . Ironically , he has since said that Microsoft actually benefited from piracy in China , where over 90 percent of computers use Windows , most copies of which are pirated . The widespread use of Microsoft 's operating system has enabled the software giant to gain pole position in the fast-growing market . C is for cracking Modifying software to remove copy protection -- one of the technologies companies use to prevent unauthorized reproduction of media -- to enable the illegal duplication and proliferation of pirated material on disks and online . Mostly done by hackers , not usually for money but to gain respect within the hacker community . D is for digital rights management  DRM  Access-control technologies used by manufacturers . Most pirating technology is created to circumvent various types of DRM in order to share copyrighted material online . Apple rid its iTunes library of DRM in early April , but is charging users 30 cents per song to upgrade to DRM-free tracks . E is for encryption Originally used by militaries to protect secret message transmissions , encryption allows a user to transform and "  lock " information that , upon transfer , can only be opened by a person who has the right "  key . " Encryption software is one of many anti-piracy measures designed to prevent the spread of copying and transferring copyrighted material . F is for Free Culture movement Led by Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig , the movement believes restrictive copyright laws are strangling humanity 's creativity . Under Lessig 's "  Creative Commons " organization , the movement is advocating for the free copying and modification of creative works -- and rejecting what they perceive to be the culturally oppressive "  permission culture " of copyright and intellectual property . G is for Global Software Piracy This report by the Business Software Alliance suggested that 35 percent of software installed on PCs worldwide in 2006 was pirated . H is for hackers Hackers "  wiped , " or erased , all the data from the Recording Industry Association of America 's  RIAA  Web site in 2008 . The incident , which exposed serious flaws in the RIAA 's web security , was an embarrassment for the group , which represents the recording industry of the United States . I is for International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  According to the IFPI 's 2008 Digital Music Report , up to 80 percent of data traffic via Internet service providers  ISPs  is involved in the illegal transfer of pirated material . J is for jailbreak Mostly commonly associated with the iPhone , it is the practice of downloading illicit software designed to bypass digital rights management , allowing people to upload pirated versions of official iPhone applications for free and use them on their phones . K is for key generators Small programs found on pirate sites that allow users to crack open key-locked software like Microsoft Office or Adobe Photoshop by generating valid serial numbers for pirated copies of software that would otherwise only be included with legitimately purchased copies . L is for Limewire One of the oldest and most popular peer-to-peer  P2P  file sharing clients , Limewire is a free program used to search for and download pirated content . The program has been accused of having massive security gaps and an abundance of "  malware " files , which contain computer viruses that infect users ' computers upon completion of a download . M is for Metallica The first major band to sue for online music piracy in 2000 , Metallica sued file-sharing service , Napster and three U.S. universities for enabling illegal downloading of copyrighted content . The case , which saw the rock group harshly criticized by many of its fans , was eventually settled out of court when Napster agreed to block illegal downloads of the band 's songs . N is for Napster Online music-sharing service created by a college student in Boston in 1999 , which spearheaded the widespread illegal copying and transferring of MP3 music files . A judge shut down the service in 2001 . Napster has since relaunched as a legitimate monthly subscription music site . O is for organized crime International recording industry organization , IFPI and Interpol say there are links between online piracy and organized crime and terrorism , citing examples from South America to South Africa and Eastern Europe to East Asia . P is for P2P More than 20 times as much music is exchanged on peer-to-peer networks as is legally purchased , the Economist magazine wrote in 2008 . BitTorrent is a growing P2P technology that allows the rapid downloading of large , multi-gigabyte files . Q is for quality According to a survey by the auditor Ernst and Young in India , 66 percent of people believe pirated content is of an inferior quality to the original , but 89 percent say they 've used pirated music or films anyway . R is for R4 card A $ 30 Nintendo DS cartridge that can be loaded with hundreds of free , pirated Nintendo games , the R4 card is cheaper than the store price of many single authentic games . S is for Sweden Prosecutors in the country filed suit against The Pirate Bay Web site earlier this year for "  promoting other people 's infringement of copyright laws . " Dubbed the "  Internet piracy trial of the decade " by UK newspaper The Times , the verdict against the site will have massive implications for the future of online file-sharing , but The Pirate Bay 's founders plan to appeal and have previously said that the site will stay up and running . T is for The Pirate Bay A very popular file-sharing Web site primarily used as a linking site to find and download pirated movies , music , video games , applications and more . It tracks BitTorrents -- file sharing protocols that enable big , fast file transfers . The Pirate Bay 's founders have constantly argued that the Web site does not violate copyright law because the site does not host any copyrighted material , but simply provides a service by indexing the BitTorrents . U is for Usenet.com Regarded as a source of much pirated material , this bulletin board site is being sued by the RIAA . Unlike The Pirate Bay , Usenet allows paying customers to download files in a way that is nearly impossible to track . But , like the Swedish site , Usenet has had to defend itself from charges that it encourages its users to violate copyright law . V is for video games The Entertainment Software Association says the industry loses $ 3 billion annually to online piracy . W is for "  Warez " Slang for any movies , music , applications or any other materials being traded in violation of copyright law . X is for "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " A version of the upcoming blockbuster leaked online in March this year , the film has already been downloaded over a million times . The FBI says it is investigating the source of the leak , and the film 's star Hugh Jackman has spoken out , calling the leak "  a serious crime , " and "  heartbreaking . " Y is for YouTube The ubiquitous video site has been sued by major companies like Viacom for publishing and proliferating unauthorized video content online . YouTube has responded by removing copyrighted content , but popular clips of television programs are often reposted by users as soon as they are taken down . Z is for Zune Microsoft 's answer to the iPod plans to make its entire catalogue of music DRM-free , which will make it even easier to copy and share copyrighted music .	A run-down of the biggest online piracy moments since Napster in 1999 F is for Free Culture , a group that rejects the idea of modern copyright law D is for DRM , technologies companies use to try to restrict online piracy S is for Sweden , where the "  Internet trial of the century " has just concluded
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's vice presidential search team on Tuesday shared with a Democratic senator the names of about 20 people under consideration to be the presumptive Democratic nominee 's running mate . Sen. Barack Obama has a broad spectrum of candidates as potential running mates . Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , said that some of those considered are "  top officials now , " others are "  former lawmakers " and others are "  former top military leaders . " He said many of the names already have been "  bandied about " in the media , but others were "  outside the box . " He declined to give examples . Conrad said the team wanted his impressions about the people considered , the "  respect " others hold for them and their "  standing with their colleagues . " The list may not have included everyone under consideration . Two of the three members of the search team , Jim Johnson and Eric Holder , came to Conrad 's Capitol Hill office Tuesday morning for a "  wide-ranging " and "  free-form " meeting that lasted about 40 minutes , Conrad said . The third member of the team , Caroline Kennedy , was not there . Johnson and Holder arrived on Capitol Hill on Monday for several days of meetings with top Democrats , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . Watch panelists weigh in on possible VP picks " They spent about 30 minutes with Reid on Monday before heading over to speak with House leaders , a senior Democratic aide said . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said he had a "  good , long discussion " with Johnson and Holder and added , "  They mentioned a lot of names . " Obama brushed aside the notion Tuesday that Johnson , who heads the vice presidential search committee , contradicts the campaign 's message because he has received favorable loans from Countrywide Financial , one of the companies at the center of the nation 's mortgage crisis . "  I am not vetting my VP search committees for their mortgages , " Obama said in St. Louis , Missouri . "  This is a game that can be played -- everybody , you know , who is anybody who is tangentially related to our campaign , I think , is going to have a whole host of relationships . " The comments come two days after The Wall Street Journal reported that Johnson was the recipient of more than $ 7 million worth of home loans from Countrywide , made available through a program for friends of the company 's chief executive officer . Ticker : Obama beats back criticism over head of VP search Obama said last week that he would not respond to pressure from others about his choice of a running mate . "  We have a committee that 's made up of wonderful people . They are going to go through the procedure and vet and get recommendations . I will meet with a range of a people , and I will ultimately make a decision . iReport.com : Who should Obama , McCain pick ? "  I am a big believer in making decisions well , not making them fast and not responding to pressure , " he said . Although Obama 's campaign has not released the names of any front-runners for the VP spot , there 's been a lot of speculation about who he will pick . Sen. Hillary Clinton , whose tenacious refusal to surrender the nomination contest turned the Democratic race into one of the most nail-biting in modern U.S. political history , has indicated that she would be willing to sign up on a joint ticket . Other possible front-runners include former presidential hopefuls Joe Biden , Chris Dodd , Bill Richardson and John Edwards . Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , who has often been mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick , said Tuesday that if asked , he would "  absolutely not " join the party 's presidential ticket this fall . Strickland , who backed Clinton during the primary season , told National Public Radio 's Michele Norris that he was taking himself out of the running . "  Absolutely not . If drafted , I will not run ; nominated , I will not accept ; and if elected , I will not serve , " he said in an interview scheduled to air Tuesday night . "  So , I do n't know how more crystal clear I can be . " Obama lost the Ohio primary to Clinton . The swing state governor , who has endorsed Obama , dismissed the idea that all potential running mates deny interest in the job . "  No , I do n't think they all say that . I 've heard people say , ` you know , if I was asked , it would certainly be something I would have to consider . ' That does not mean that I am any less committed to helping Barack Obama become the next president . " Indiana Sen. Evan Bayh , who has served on both armed services and intelligence committees in the Senate , has been mentioned as a possible contender . And ever since New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ruled out his own independent bid for the presidency , he 's been seen as a potential running mate for both Obama and John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee . Wesley Clark , a former NATO commander who failed in his bid for the 2004 presidential nomination , could be in the running , along with a slew of current politicians including Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania , Gov. Kathleen Sebelius of Kansas and Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia . CNN 's Kathleen Koch , Alexander Mooney , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland takes himself out of the running for VP Sen. Kent Conrad met with Obama 's vice presidential vetting team Tuesday Obama 's VP search team includes Caroline Kennedy , Eric Holder , Jim Johnson Conrad says top officials , former lawmakers , former top military leaders on list
CNN  -- Last year on the 50th anniversary of the creation of the contraceptive pill its inventor Carl Djerassi spoke of the coming dramatic changes to reproductive options -- of the technologies that will have just as big an impact on society in the 50 years to come . After sex without reproduction , reproduction without sex . In an article in the UK 's "  traditional values " tabloid , the Daily Mail , titled "  A Terrifying Future for Female Fertility , " Djerassi said , "  There are an enormous number of well-educated , proficient women who , when facing the biological clock , first pay attention to their professional ambitions ... in the next 20 years , more young people will freeze their eggs and -LSB- sperm -RSB- in their 20s , and bank them for later use . They will do away with the need for contraception by being sterilised , and withdraw their eggs and sperm from the bank when they are ready to have a child via IVF . " That is certainly one option as we develop greater capabilities to store eggs more reliably and safely so that they are not damaged by the freezing/thawing process meant to preserve them . But in the next 20 years , there could be other developments on their way to the clinic . For example -- also to avert damage -- freezing strips of ovarian tissue instead of eggs , or tapping into recently identified reserves of ovarian stem cells that could be turned into a fresh supply of eggs for a woman , at any age ; or even creating to order eggs  or sperm  from skin or bone marrow stem cells of men and women . Early experiments with mice have shown that both sperm and eggs can be generated from the stem cells of males , and eggs from that of females , and that they can be fertilized to produce viable young . Djerassi described the idea of being able to access healthy eggs later in life as something set to be a fundamental tool of family planning , and one that will empower women just as the pill has . He talked of female colleagues on tough career trajectories just at the time in their life when they are most fertile , and then on into the years leading into sterility . It 's no coincidence in the decade of our life when we are most biologically capable of reproducing , men and women are also working full steam on their studies or on building their careers . In our 30s , fertility declines - after 35 , exponentially so -- and specifically for women . Around age 50 , while the rest of our faculties continue functioning beautifully , the ability to reproduce comes to an abrupt stop . There have recently been a spate of reports and discussions about equality -- the dearth of women in science , on the boards of top companies and of the pay gap that has yet to be bridged , but it is not clear that those taking part in this discussion fully appreciate that in pursuing in parallel the fulfilling goals of education , work and having a family , we are limited by both social and biological barriers . In achieving the hoped-for 40 % of leadership positions being held by women , executive bodies like the European Commission and governments could , for example , legislate interventions like free or cheap childcare in all workplaces . However , only technology can tackle the biological brick wall of menopause , with all its detrimental effects on a woman 's health , and especially at a time when she is likely to live another 50 years in this condition . In the quest for reproduction , only technology can give same-sex couples the chance of having their own genetic children . If eggs can be made from the stem cells of men , with the advent of an artificial womb  already in use for sharks , in development with mammals and projected to be in use for humans within 100 years  , it will also give them an organ they currently have to pay surrogate mothers for the use of . So if it is to be the egalitarian society that we hope to see for ourselves and our children -- particularly our daughters , and those whose relationships and family choices still find themselves the topic of social and religious debate -- then technology that gives an individual the capability to generate healthy eggs and sperm from his/her own body and allows a baby to be gestated independently could offer us a more ethical option than what we do today . In our world , girls study just as hard as boys but face far more difficult choices once in the workplace . To make money , poor women from countries like India or the Ukraine "  donate " eggs or their wombs , or churches refuse to marry gay couples because they can not be fruitful and multiply . Freedom , power , choice ? It 's the alternative that sounds terrifying to me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aarathi Prasad .	Aarathi Prasad : Scientists are making progress in techniques for reproducing life without sex Experiments show that sperm and eggs can be generated from male stem cells , she says People will have more choices about when and how to have children , Prasad says Prasad : Science could help free people from tough choices between work and family
CNN  "  I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the Earth . " -- U.S. President John F. Kennedy speaking before a joint session of Congress on May 25 , 1961 . It was the height of the Cold War and the United States and the Soviet Union were battling it out to be the first nation to put a man on the lunar surface . On July 20 , 1969 , eight years after President Kennedy implored the U.S. congress for funding for space exploration , NASA 's Apollo 11 spaceflight touched down on the moon . American astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans in history to walk on the Earth 's nearest neighbor . Since then a further 10 men have left their footprints on the moon 's dusty surface , with the last being Apollo 17 astronaut Eugene Cernan in 1972 . But after this golden age , moon exploration was seen as not cost effective for international space agencies . Then , last year , China sent its Jade Rabbit explorer on a three-month mission to examine the moon 's crust . But it suffered a critical malfunction just half way through and bid farewell to humanity in a final report  although it is still functioning , according to Chinese press reports  . Now Google is shooting for the stars and calling for private organizations to participate in an international competition for innovators to go back to the moon . The Google Lunar X Prize hopes to spur exploration on the moon and will see a hefty $ 20 million jackpot handed to the first team that puts a robot on the lunar surface . But that 's not all -- there are a few scientific objectives a team must complete in order to obtain the ultimate honors from Google . Once on the moon , the robot must travel 500 meters and transmit HD video back to Earth . And they 've got to do it all by December 31 , 2015 . Read more : Do we need to go back to the moon ? Inspiring innovators "  Competition leads to innovation , and the Google Lunar X Prize has brought together some of the brightest and most talented minds to accelerate the private NewSpace sector , " says Chanda Gonzales , senior director of the Google Lunar X Prize . "  We are encouraged to see this prize pushing the industry to take risks and invest in cutting-edge technologies to support lunar exploration , which will result in an entirely new economy around low-cost access to the moon and beyond . " It is now seven years after the prize was launched and 18 private teams remain in the running . Working tirelessly to secure funding  only 10 % of financing can come from government sources  as well as designing and building their individual modules , these international innovators are finally moving into the testing phase . U.S.-based company Astrobotic was set up off the back of the competition 's announcement , said John Thornton , the company 's CEO . "  The Google Lunar X Prize is a catalyst to get started but it is not the end game . What we 're doing as a company is creating a long-term sustainable business of carrying payloads to the moon so it 's like UPS or a FedEx truck that flies regularly to the moon . " In partnership with students from Carnegie Mellon University , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Astrobotic is building a lander and a rover as part of its Skylight mission to travel to the rather dramatically named Lacus Mortis -- meaning "  Lake of Death . " The team hopes to explore a pit that it suspects could be linked to a larger cave network underneath the moon 's surface . Journeying to the ` Lake of Death ' "  We think that the right way to settle the moon is underground first . You go underground , you pop up an inflatable or a small habitat under there and you have natural protection from the elements . You 're protected from micrometeorites that come in and the moon does n't have an atmosphere to burn them up . You 're protected from radiation , " says Thornton . "  It 's much easier to sustain long-term life on the surface of the moon so it 's really a game-changer in the catalyst of the future of the moon . That 's why we go there for the first mission : to explore , to see what these -LSB- pits -RSB- are about , and to cast the vision for the future . " The Astrobotic team will be going down to the wire as it works towards a tentative launch date at the end of 2015 -- right before the competition deadline . And it wo n't be the only team holding its breath . As part of its funding strategy , Astrobotic has offered to bring up several other prize contenders , essentially creating a secondary moon race within the competition . Thornton explains : "  We 'll have other rovers that will deploy from our lander and those rovers will drive out and try to win the X Prize . It will be very much like NASCAR happening live on the moon now and the world will be able to watch , which will be incredibly exciting . "  What you do n't want is a provider like us being incentivized to place first and everyone else to come in last . That 's not a good scenario for a partnership so the way we 've modeled it is in a way that the partners can win and it helps everyone . It 's really like a ` coop-petition , ' " he adds . Despite millions of dollars at stake , the Skylight mission comes before the competition , says Thornton . "  The mission is more important for us . The X Prize teams will be a small portion of the total payload that flies ... When we land we 'll have payloads from all over the world landing and doing various missions , sub-missions and objectives . " A moon bunny ? Another team hoping to reach the lunar surface is Moon Express , which is building a hopper to bounce across the rocky terrain . "  When you are on the moon you have one-sixth gravity and there 's no air resistance so we kind of use those to our advantage . And since we already have a spacecraft already designed to autonomously land , it 's pretty trivial for it to repeat that and just hop , " says the company 's public outreach liaison Brad Kohlenberg . Competitions like this offer the opportunity to get closer to untapped resources as well as inspire future generations , adds Kohlenberg . "  It is recreating what we call the ' Apollo effect , ' " he says . "  During the Apollo program , we inspired a generation of children who grew up to build their own industries and companies and now these billionaires are reinvesting and building things , investing in space companies . "  You have Virgin Galactic from Richard Branson , you have Elon Musk -- all these people that are called ` Orphans of Apollo ' -- people who grew up thinking they would go to college in space and then once they got there , realizing that the space program kind of left them behind and so now they are using their own resources to reinvest in that and make the dreams they had when they were younger a reality . " ` It 's not about scientific discovery ' For space scientist Lucie Green , this competition is more about technological payoff than scientific discovery . "  These missions are always about process , " she says . "  So the first mission is about technology -- can we get there ? Can we build something that is robust enough to survive in the extreme environment of space ? And then the science comes later . So I think first of all , this is very much about a technology development . " Green , who is a Royal Society University Research Fellow based at the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at the University College London , uses Mars as an analogy to reveal why it is n't necessarily a bad thing that little scientific research will come out of this particular endeavor . "  The first technology to land on the surface of Mars was primitive really . It was all about getting to the Martian surface and surviving and here we are several decades after the Viking landed and we 're still looking for life , we 're still looking at challenging questions . You go , you learn , you feedback . You develop new instrumentation that 's more capable , that can record more data , can transmit more data , and can be more sophisticated each time . " She adds : "  So for me , this is -- I do n't want to say primitive because its not primitive -- but it 's not going to be the science be all and end all . This is the start of the process . " SEE : Capturing the Cosmos through a lens EXPLORE : Take a look under Curiosity 's hood	Google competition asks teams to send a module to the moon Once on moon , robot must travel 500m , transmit video back to Earth 18 private teams are still in the running
Kitamoto , Japan  CNN  -- Incense burns in the corner of the Nakai family living room -- part of an altar to their daughter Yumi , who committed suicide seven years ago . Yumi was just 12 years old when she took her own life , jumping from a condominium building . "  We never saw this coming , " says her father , Shinji . "  She was a daddy 's girl , we went swimming and skiing together and loved to take trips . I was convinced there had been a mistake . " Her mother , Setsuko , lights another candle at her daughter 's altar and says a prayer for her , as she does every day . She is convinced bullying at school was one of the main reasons Yumi killed herself . In the months preceding her suicide , Yumi told her mother she was being taunted by some of her classmates . "  I called the school and spoke to her teacher , " she says . "  The teacher said , ` I 'll deal with this problem ' and never got back to me , so we assumed it was solved . " Yumi hinted at bullying in the note she left behind , writing that her decision to take her life "  may be because of some of my classmates , studies and exams . " But the parents are still fighting a legal battle with the school and the Kitamoto Board of Education . The family alleges the school was negligent in bully prevention and investigating her suicide . Shinji Nakai claims the school only showed him a fraction of the investigation they carried out -- a claim the board of education rejects . In a statement to CNN , the Kitamoto Board of Education said it was "  co-operatively investigating the cause of her suicide , hearing from her parents , collecting as much information as possible including the possibility of bullying . " The school also spoke to students , but school officials found no information that connected to her suicide , they said . A recent court case ruled in the school 's favor . Yumi 's parents filed an appeal to a higher court on Monday . South Korea teenagers bullied to death This ongoing legal drama comes as a recent bullying case has horrified Japan . A boy in Otsu , west of Tokyo , committed suicide last year by jumping off a building after bullies allegedly forced him to practice killing himself . Japanese media and the parents claim the boy had sought help from a teacher , but his pleas were ignored . The case has prompted the government to set up a special team to help schools and board of education curb bullying . The new anti-bullying task force will be responsible for identifying cases of serious bullying at an early stage and giving advice to education boards and schools , said Hirofumi Hirano , Minister of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology , at a press conference Tuesday . The education ministry also announced plans to conduct an emergency survey of all elementary , junior high and high schools in Japan next month in an attempt to draw up appropriate prevention measures . "  People have pointed to how there 's too much academic pressure on adolescents in Japan which creates stress and leads to bullying in schools ; other people talk about how Japanese cases of bullying can be group orientated , " says Sachiko Horiguchi , an anthropologist at Tokyo 's Temple University . Horiguchi , however , believes the problem is far more complex and bullying is certainly not an issue peculiar to Japan . But one issue recurring in Japan is "  the problem of the school and the Board of Education failing to accept the fact there 's some bullying , " Horiguchi says . "  That can be quite common in many schools , but it 's increasingly become more difficult probably to deny that . " Yumi 's parents agree . They believe there has been a cover up at her school and no one wants to accept there is a problem . "  I think the problem is the evaluation-first system in Japanese education . If the school admits a bullying incident , it would affect the teacher 's career , " says her father , Shinji . "  The members of the board of education and the school are like family members , they tend to protect each other . It 's disadvantageous for them to make the investigation open , so the truth is hidden . " Yumi 's parents want acknowledgment of their daughter 's bullying to finally feel enough closure to be able to bury her ashes in the graveyard . "  I just want to know the truth , why did she have to die ? " Shinji says . "  Unless I know , I just ca n't accept her death . " CNNs Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Family : Yumi Nakai committed suicide seven years ago after being bullied Her parents have waged a lengthy legal battle against her daughter 's school A boy bullied into rehearsing his own suicide has shocked Japan Japan 's Education Ministry to set up a special team to help schools curb bullying
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedian Eddie Murphy will host the Oscars next February , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Tuesday . Brett Ratner , who will produce the 84th Academy Awards show along with Don Mischer , called Murphy "  a comedic genius , one of the greatest and most influential live performers ever . " "  With his love of movies , history of crafting unforgettable characters and his iconic performances -- especially on stage -- I know he will bring excitement , spontaneity and tremendous heart to the show Don and I want to produce in February , " Ratner said . Critics panned the co-hosting team of Anne Hathaway and James Franco after last February 's awards show , putting pressure on producers to hire a host who will stir positive buzz and draw viewers . "  Eddie is a truly ground-breaking performer , whose amazingly diverse array of roles has won him a devoted audience of all ages , " Mischer said . "  His quick wit and charisma will serve him very well as Oscar host . " Murphy was nominated for best supporting actor in 2006 for his supporting role in "  Dreamgirls . " "  I am enormously honored to join the great list of past Academy Award hosts from Hope and Carson to Crystal , Martin and Goldberg , among others , " said Murphy , referring to previous hosts and show-business legends Bob Hope , Johnny Carson , Billy Crystal , Steve Martin and Whoopi Goldberg . Murphy , who started his stand-up comedy career at 15 , was 19 when he became the youngest cast member on TV 's "  Saturday Night Live " in 1980 . His feature film debut came in 1982 's "  48 Hrs . " and was followed by "  Beverly Hills Cop " and the "  The Nutty Professor " and "  Shrek " franchises . Murphy 's movies have earned in excess of $ 7 billion at box offices worldwide , according to the Academy 's news release . The show will be televised live in more than 200 countries from Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre on Sunday , February 26 , 2012 .	Murphy 's "  quick wit and charisma will serve him very well , " producer Mischer says He 's "  a comedic genius , " producer Ratner says Murphy was nominated for best supporting actor Oscar in 2006
CNN  -- Hundreds of people attending Comic-Con in San Diego , California , will transform into zombies on Thursday . A "  zombie walk " at Comic-Con will promote the upcoming "  Zombieland " movie . They 'll converge in a "  zombie walk " through the San Diego Convention Center to promote Woody Harrelson 's upcoming post-apocalyptic comedy , "  Zombieland . " Comic-Con is an annual gathering of 125,000 people whose interests include comic book and science fiction film and TV , anime , toys and video games . Major movie studios and TV networks use the convention to launch their latest productions . Zombie movies have been on the rise in recent years , and the type of zombies on the big screen has been evolving with the times . George Romero 's 1968 film "  Night of the Living Dead " -- followed by "  Dawn of the Dead " -- popularized zombies "  based on the original Haitian voodoo kind of zombie , the supernatural being , the walking dead or the undead , " said "  Zombieland " director Ruben Fleischer . Zombie films made "  a seismic shift in zombies with Danny Boyle 's film '28 Days Later , ' where it became a more viral-based thing , a diseased population , as opposed to from the grave , " Fleischer said . In "  Zombieland , " living people are infected by a fast-spreading virus that turns them into "  this other being " that is fast , ferocious and flesh-eating , he said . "  These modern zombies are reflective of some of the perils of what can happen with overpopulation and disease control and how quickly things can spread and become a problem . " iReport.com : Going to Comic-Con ? Fleischer , along with screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , consulted a disease expert "  to get to the bottom of what the modern pandemic would be , " he said . "  When swine flu happened , it was after we finished shooting , but it just really reminded me of how these things can spread so quickly and a whole population can be devastated , " he said . While about 500 extras were hired to be zombies in Fleischer 's movie , even more Comic-Con participants could take part in Thursday 's zombie walk . Sony has hired professional makeup artists to get them ready . Fleischer said those portraying a modern zombie should think like "  a rabid dog . " Do n't lumber along like Frankenstein 's monster , but move with "  a real furious anger and intensity " and "  a lot of grunting and snarling and growling , " he said . "  Zombies do n't talk . " Hunger is a modern zombie 's chief motivation , he said : "  I think that they 're definitely cannibalistic . They want to eat people . " What does a modern zombie wear ? Fleischer 's zombies come as they are , whether in a work uniform or dressed for the mall . "  It 's as if you were at the mall and some zombies attacked and everyone there got turned into a zombie , " he said . "  They 'd be wearing the same clothes that they had before . They 'd be dressed in the same way . " Fleischer developed a list of 150 types of zombies for his film , including construction workers , moms , a punk rocker and preppie zombies . "  They 're just people who got infected , like a modern pandemic , " he said . "  Zombieland " -- which hits theaters October 9 -- brings out the humor in killing zombies , which is Harrelson 's specialty . "  They 're not easy to kill , so sometimes you 've got to get them more than once , " Fleischer said . "  You 've got to make sure you get them because they 'll keep coming if you do n't . " Harrelson blamed post-traumatic stress from filming for his scuffle with a TMZ photographer at an airport the day after shooting wrapped in Georgia in April . "  With my daughter at the airport I was startled by a paparazzo who I quite understandably mistook for a zombie , " Harrelson said . While Harrelson will be at Comic-Con to promote the movie , it was not known if he would be kept away from Thursday 's zombie walk .	Some Comic-Con attendees will become zombies to celebrate new film "  Zombieland , " starring Woody Harrelson , to debut in October Comic-Con draws more than 100,000 fans annually
Next up : the debt ceiling . The White House continues to issue dire warnings about the economic consequences should Congress fail to raise the debt ceiling this month . President Barack Obama told Wall Street to be "  concerned " and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Congress is "  playing with fire . " But despite all the drastic pronouncements , some Republicans in Congress are n't buying it . For one thing , they doubt that October 17 is the date when the Treasury will be unable to meet its obligations . Rep. Lee Terry , R-Nebraska , is one of those lawmakers . "  For him to just put out the 17th as a drop-dead date , I do n't think there 's a lot of credibility to that . I do n't think a lot of my peers and I believe in that , " Terry recently told CNN . Lew said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that he has exhausted all of the "  extraordinary measures " he employed when the debt limit was reached in May . "  I have no more . That means that on October 17th , we 'll run out of the ability to borrow , " he said . He said he will have only $ 30 billion to pay as much as $ 50 billion or $ 60 billion worth of daily bills . Lew also warned in a recent news release that default would be "  unprecedented and has the potential to be catastrophic . " He said : " -LSB- C -RSB- redit markets could freeze , the value of the dollar could plummet , and U.S. interest rates could skyrocket , potentially resulting in a financial crisis and recession that could echo the events of 2008 or worse . " House Speaker John Boehner demands cuts for debt limit increase But many conservatives doubt that , too . "  We do n't expect there to be chaos , " Terry said . Coming catastrophe or ` false demagoguery ' ? Rep. Steve King of Iowa recently called the threat of default "  false demagoguery . " "  I do n't think the credit of the United States is going to be collapsed . I think that all this talk about a default has been a lot of demagoguery , a lot of false demagoguery , " he added . The lawmakers ' skepticism echoes a distrust of the government that runs deep in both liberal and conservative constituencies . But with a Democratic president , conservatives ' skepticism is more pronounced . According to a September CNN/ORC poll , a slight majority of Republicans -- 52 % -- said it would be a good thing for the country if the debt ceiling is not lifted while only 18 % of Democrats said so . While Republicans are more skeptical of the Obama administration 's posturing , the administration is n't totally sure what will happen if the debt ceiling is not lifted . When asked what would happen on October 18 if Congress does n't act , Lew told CNN 's Candy Crowley on Sunday that he "  ca n't tell you . " "  We 've never gotten to the point where the United States government has operated without the ability to borrow , " he said . There lies the central tenet . Because the United States has always lifted the debt ceiling when the borrowing limit was tapped , no one knows for sure what impact it would have . Constitution and the debt : Can the president go it alone ? Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York even said that "  no one 's certain " what the economic fallout would be . But he added on CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday , that "  no one should risk it and no one should say I want my political agenda attached to it . " But some conservatives are willing to take the risk and force the president 's hand on the health care law and reducing government spending . A coalition of conservative tea party-aligned groups , including Freedom Works , Tea Party Patriots and Americans for Prosperity have spent more than a year cultivating a plan to push for the defunding of the health care law , the Affordable Care Act , according to the New York Times . As the stalemate over government funding has become interspersed with the debt limit fight , another log has been added to the fire . By the numbers : Shutdown and debt ceiling Tempting fate or a bargaining chip ? Republican Rep. Tom Cole said the debt limit should be used as a bargaining chip for less spending . "  Why would you pass a debt limit ... without doing something about the deficit ? " he asked rhetorically on "  CNN Newsroom " on Monday . He pointed to the 2011 debate over the debt limit that reduced the deficit from $ 1 trillion to $ 700 billion . "  We 're saying we should do the same thing now , " Cole added . Additionally , some Republicans see the debt limit fight as an opportunity to not only shrink the size of government but also to pay off interest . Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said the United States could meet its obligations without lifting the debt ceiling . "  I would dispel the rumor that is going around that you hear on every newscast that if we do n't raise the debt ceiling we will default on our debt , " Coburn said Monday on CBS ' "  This Morning . " "  We wo n't . We will continue to pay our interest . We 'll continue to redeem bonds and we 'll issue new bonds to replace those . " What Coburn does n't mention is that the United States would have to choose to pay its interest over the billions of dollars of other obligations -- Medicare , Social Security , etc. -- for which the federal government is responsible . Lew , however , said that 's a "  dangerous " and "  reckless " notion . " -LSB- T -RSB- he reality is , there are no good choices if we run out of borrowing capacity and we run out of cash , " he said . 4 debt ceiling scenarios freaking out traders Most economists tend to agree with Lew 's assessment . Moody 's economist Mark Zandi told the Joint Economic Committee recently that the economy "  would quickly fall into another severe recession " if the debt ceiling is not lifted in adequate time . Which side is right ? Before default is reached , it 's hard to know . But a recent study published in Psychological Science found that people on the far end of the political spectrum believe that their positions are "  correct . " "  Given the stalemate in Washington , understanding why people become so entrenched in their views â $ " even when there is not an objectively correct answer â $ " is more important than ever , " Kaitlin Toner , a postdoctoral fellow at Vanderbilt University , said , describing why she conducted the study . Wall Street could be the biggest indicator of who is right in this fight . Investors nervous over the political impasse in Washington pushed all three major U.S. stock indexes lower on Monday . The Dow Jones Industrial Average alone lost more than 130 points , or nearly 1 percent of its value .	W. House continues to issue dire warnings about consequences about debt ceiling Some Republicans in Congress are n't buying it ; one calls it "  false demagoguery " Critics see the debt limit fight as an opportunity to shrink the size of government and pay off interest The financial markets could be the biggest indicator of who is right in this fight
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Prime Minister Ehud Olmert vowed Wednesday that Israel 's air assault on Gaza would not end until Hamas militants quit firing rockets into Israeli territory . A man plants a Palestinian flag Wednesday in the rubble of a mosque in Gaza City . "  We did not enter this operation in order to end it with the firing still continuing , " Olmert said in a security cabinet meeting , according to a senior government official . "  Hamas broke this cease-fire , " Olmert said . "  If the conditions ripen " and if there is a solution "  that promises a better security ... we will consider it , but we are not there yet , " he said , according to the official . Despite a French proposal for a humanitarian truce , Israel earlier Wednesday decided to continue the operation , saying Israelis must have a "  real and sustainable solution , " Olmert spokesman Mark Regev said . Israeli airstrikes have pounded the territory since Saturday in an effort to halt the firing of rockets into southern Israel . More than 390 Palestinians have been killed , according to Palestinian medical sources , and some 1,900 people have been wounded , including 400 women and children . Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya , whose office in Gaza was struck overnight , said Israel needed to "  stop attacking and killing our children , women and men . " "  The aggression must stop , the crossings must open and the blockade must be lifted and then we can talk about all other issues , " he said in televised comments Wednesday . "  Then we can start a national dialogue without any preset conditions . " Israeli sources say four Israelis have been killed by Palestinian rocket fire . The Israeli air force carried out about 40 airstrikes Wednesday , and Palestinian militants fired about 70 rockets into Israel , the IDF said . More than 30 rockets landed in southern Israel on Wednesday , including at least four in Beer Sheva , Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Beer Sheva , about 25 miles away from Gaza , is the farthest that rockets from Gaza have ever landed inside Israel . "  Israel will not accept a ` Strip of Terror ' alongside us , and accordingly Hamas operatives have tasted the flavor of Israel 's response in the last few days , " Israeli President Shimon Peres said . Watch what may be influencing Israeli decision-making " The situation in Gaza remains desperate , despite the admission of more than 150 trucks carrying humanitarian aid into the territory on Tuesday , said Karen AbuZayd , the commissioner-general of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency . Watch aid trucks cross the border from Egypt " "  There 's no fuel , there 's no power plant , there 's no electricity working now , " she said . "  Hundreds of families in the Gaza Strip are suffering , not only -LSB- from -RSB- the fear of airstrikes , but also the lack of electricity , lack of water , lack of food supplies , " Saud Abu Ramadan , a freelance journalist who lives in Gaza City , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal is ready to stop the fighting in exchange for an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza , the Russian Foreign Ministry announced . Mashaal spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday and outlined Hamas ' position on the resumption of the Palestinian reconciliation process , the foreign ministry said . "  Mashaal said in response to -LSB- Lavrov -RSB- that they are ready to end the armed confrontation , but only if these measures are linked to steps intended to remove the Gaza Strip 's blockade , " the ministry said . While living in self-imposed exile in Damascus , Syria , Mashaal remains the head of Hamas , which controls Gaza . Learn more about Gaza 's political history " Earlier Wednesday , the Israeli military warned neighbors of Hamas co-founder Mahmoud al-Zahar to leave because it may bomb the area , the neighbors told CNN . Al-Zahar was the Palestinian foreign minister under the Hamas-led government before it was dissolved by President Mahmoud Abbas after Hamas seized control of Gaza in 2007 . Al-Zahar 's son was killed in an Israeli airstrike in January 2008 . Israel has moved tanks to the outskirts of Gaza and called up at least 2,000 army reservists , sparking fears of a ground incursion into the Palestinian territory . Watch how Israel is sitting on Gaza 's border " The Israeli military says it is targeting only Hamas militants . But the U.N. 's AbuZayd said 20 to 25 percent of the casualties arriving in Gaza hospitals appear to be civilians , and she said the bombardment is not turning the people of the territory against Hamas . "  Hamas is not the one being blamed . It 's still Israel , America , " she said .	NEW : IDF says air force carried out about 40 airstrikes Wednesday Hamas willing to stop fight if Israel lifts Gaza blockade , Russia says Gaza operation 's goal is to stop rockets , Israeli prime minister says At least 390 Palestinians , four Israelis reported killed since Saturday
CNN  -- A massive supply of gunpowder totaling 6 million pounds  2,700 metric tons  was found improperly stored in Louisiana 's Camp Minden , not far from where an explosion occurred two months ago , authorities said . A weekend operation to remove the stockpile will likely extend until Tuesday , CNN affiliate KSLA reported . The town of Doyline , population 820 , remains evacuated . Louisiana State Police said the M6 smokeless gunpowder was found during a follow-up inspection after an October 15 blast at Explo Systems , Inc. . The explosive materials were found "  in the open and in other unapproved locations " on property leased by Explo , police said . Authorities initially estimated a stockpile of 1 million pounds of gunpowder before police personnel and Explo employees began moving the supply . "  The Louisiana National Guard has been instrumental in making available additional magazine storage space for the propellant , " Louisiana State Police said . According to Explo 's website , the company has been demilitarizing and recovering explosives and propellant for more than 15 years . Camp Minden is home to a Louisiana National Guard training site . CNN 's Maggie Schneider and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	KSLA : The town of Doyline , Louisiana , remains evacuated The gunpowder was found during an investigation after an October 15 blast Police personnel and company employees are trying to safely remove the stockpile
Rome  CNN  -- At least 16 people died , one was missing and 350 were injured after a 5.8-magnitude earthquake shook northern Italy Tuesday , Italian authorities said . The earthquake , which forced thousands of people from their homes , came nine days after a 6.0-magnitude quake struck the same region , killing seven people . Italian civil protection authorities said two of Tuesday 's deaths were not directly caused by the quake . Tuesday 's quake was followed by dozens of aftershocks . The U.S. Geological Survey recorded one aftershock of 5.6 magnitude . Look at high-res images of the disaster The quakes have displaced some 14,000 people , the civil protection agency said . Tuesday 's earthquake was centered in the province of Modena , near Bologna . The towns of Mirandola and Cavezzo were closest to the epicenter , civil protection authorities said . Witnesses reported on Twitter that Cavezzo was about 70 % destroyed . Pictures purportedly from the town , as well as a video stream from Italian newspaper Corriere de la Serra , show damaged and destroyed buildings . "  People are very scared . It 's been shaking nonstop for the past week , " said journalist Andrea Vogt , who was near the epicenter . The earthquakes have been "  a real shock , " she said , adding that no residents she spoke with could remember so many quakes in such a short period of time . "  Factories were full , " said Vogt , a freelancer based in Bologna . "  Many of the workers were working on repairs to the already damaged buildings . " A spokeswoman for the government office in Modena said as many as 12,000 people could be displaced , including those affected by the previous earthquake . "  Damages are very serious . The old centers of many villages have been closed down to  the  public and many little villages have been completely evacuated , " she said . Authorities were setting up tents to house those forced from their homes , she said , and hotels and campsites were offering space to those in need . The Italian railway company was sending eight coaches -- expected to shelter 400 people -- to the village of Crevalcore , near Bologna , the civil protection agency said . At the time of Tuesday 's quake , Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti was meeting with the head of the civil protection agency and the governor of the region to discuss the previous quake . "  The state will do all what needs to be done , in the quickest way , to assure the return to normal life to such a special and productive region of the country , " Monti said in a televised statement . The quake response was expected to be among the issues discussed at a Cabinet meeting scheduled for 9 a.m. Wednesday . Some buildings that were damaged in last week 's earthquake were further damaged on Tuesday , a spokeswoman said . "  San Felice sul Panaro and Mirandola registered most of the damage , " she added . Violetta Galia said she was afraid to remain in Bologna . "  We 've been having many quakes , so it 's not safe to go back to work . We are having problems with communications , so it 's not easy to get in contact with somebody by phone , " she told CNN via Skype . "  I do n't feel safe -- I need to go away , I do n't want to live  in  Bologna . If I do n't leave Bologna , I will never feel safe because we are still having quakes every three or five minutes . " CNN iReporter Martina Lunardelli , a freelance translator and interpreter , said she was at work in Pieve di Soligo , Italy , when she felt the earthquake . She said she heard "  that thunder sound and my head spinning fast , as if I was drunk and could not see the others around since they were out of focus . I felt so strange . " A spokeswoman for the prefecture in Ferrara province said people were in need of urgent help . "  We need tents . The number of displaced is increasing . It will take time to check if homes are safe , and also people are terrified and do n't want to sleep in their houses , " she said . "  We had enormous damage to all our factories , and there will be dramatic consequences on employment . " The area 's cultural heritage has also suffered , she said , with two churches destroyed in the village of Cento and another church facade collapsing . Authorities face an additional logistical challenge in helping local communities because emergency supplies were already depleted from the response to the earlier quake . Some railway routes were affected by the earthquake , but Trenitalia , the Italian train system , said late Tuesday afternoon that all had been reopened and that train service was returning to normal . Earlier in the day , some high-speed services from Bologna to Milan and Florence , among others , were running slower than usual . Northern Italy is the heartland of the country 's manufacturing industry . "  It 's going to have an economic impact as well as a human impact , " Vogt said of the earthquake . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Marilia Brochetto and Phil Han and journalists Barbie Nadeau and Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	At least 16 people are dead , Italy 's civil protection agency says Some 14,000 people have been displaced by the quakes , the agency says Dozens of aftershocks are reported , several of more than 5.0 magnitude The quake struck the same region where seven people were killed nine days ago
British officials "  are close " to identifying the ISIS militant who beheaded American journalist James Foley , according to Britain 's ambassador to the United States , Peter Westmacott . Westmacott told CNN 's Candy Crowley on Sunday he could n't elaborate on the identity of the killer , who is seen decapitating Foley in a video posted last week on YouTube . "  We 're putting a great deal into the search , " he said , referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man 's voice . In the video , Foley , 40 , is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black , who speaks with what experts say is a distinctly English accent . Linguists said that based on his voice , the man sounds to be younger than 30 . He also appears to have been educated in England from a young age and to be from southern England or London . Voice , words may provide clues about Foley 's killer The video shows another U.S. journalist , identified as Steven Sotloff , being held by ISIS . The militant warned that Sotloff 's fate depends on what President Barack Obama does next in Iraq . A day after the video was posted , Obama vowed the United States will be "  relentless " in striking back against ISIS . Airstrikes continued to hit ISIS targets near Irbil and the Mosul Dam on Sunday , U.S. Central Command said in a news release . The majority of the strikes have been in support of Iraqi forces near the dam , which briefly fell under ISIS control . Mourners pack Foley 's hometown church Meanwhile Sunday , hundreds of mourners crammed into Foley 's hometown church in New Hampshire to attend his memorial Mass. . "  This moment in our lives is international in scope ; crossing all boundaries , yet very personal , " Bishop Peter A. Libasci said . " -LSB- We are -RSB- bound together by a deep sense of human compassion and heartfelt remorse . " Foley 's parents , who received a standing ovation , asked for privacy and thanked mourners for their support . Foley disappeared on November 22 , 2012 , in northwest Syria , near the border with Turkey . He was reportedly forced into a vehicle by gunmen ; he was not heard from again . At the time of his disappearance , he was working as a freelancer for the U.S.-based online news outlet GlobalPost . His family released a letter Sunday said to be written in June by Foley . Because his letters were confiscated in captivity , Foley 's family said he asked another hostage set to be released to commit the letter to memory . In the letter , Foley reflects on favorite family memories -- a trip to the mall with his father , a bike ride with his mom -- and gives details of his time in captivity . Comfort from others being held "  Eighteen of us have been held together in one cell , which has helped me . We have had each other to have endless long conversations about movies , trivia , sports , " Foley wrote , describing makeshift games of checkers , chess and Risk . "  The games and teaching each other have helped the time pass . They have been a huge help . " He had specific messages of love for his brothers and sister , and to his grandmother he told her , "  please take your medicine , take walks and keep dancing . " By the time he wrote the letter , he had already been held captive for a year and half , and seemed to waver between remaining hopeful for his release , while also resigned to his fate . While addressing his brothers and sister , he gives specific wishes on who his money should go to and thanks them for "  happy childhood memories . " But he closes the letter by addressing his "  Grammy . " "  Stay strong , " he told her , "  because I am going to need your help to reclaim my life . " The following month , over the July 4 weekend , U.S. special operations units were sent into Syria to rescue Foley and other hostages held by Islamist militants , a U.S. official told CNN . Several dozen of the most elite U.S. commandos from Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team 6 flew in on helicopters but could n't find the hostages , including Foley . His captors recently sent an e-mail to his family threatening his death -- a message Philip Balboni , the CEO of GlobalPost , described as "  vitriolic and filled with rage against the United States . " Foley 's captors demanded 100 million euros  $ 132.5 million  in exchange for his release , Balboni told CNN last week .	Foley family releases letter written by the journalist while in captivity in June British ambassador says voice identification technology is being used to ID killer A video posted online shows the militant beheading James Foley The militant speaks with what experts describe as an English accent
Cairo  CNN  -- The trial in Egypt of Al Jazeera journalists accused of terrorism-related offenses was adjourned Thursday until May 22 . Correspondent Peter Greste , producer Mohammed Fahmy and producer Baher Mohamed have been in jail since December 29 . Their request for bail has been denied . The three are charged with joining what the government says is a terrorist group -- the Muslim Brotherhood -- as well as broadcasting false information and working in Egypt without permits . The journalists -- who are among a number of people arrested , not all of them Al Jazeera staff -- have denied the allegations against them , saying they were simply doing their jobs . The lawyer for Fahmy told the Cairo court that the prosecution had asked the defense lawyers to pay 1.2 million Egyptian pounds  $ 169,000  to see five CDs containing alleged evidence against their clients -- but refused to give them an official document indicating such request . "  The actual cost of copying five CDs does n't exceed 5 Egyptian pounds , " lawyer Khaled Abu Bakr told the court . He told CNN that he has never come across such exorbitant fees . The judge ordered the prosecution to provide a document stipulating the fees . Apart from Abu Bakr , all the defense lawyers and defendants want final arguments to begin . Fahmy , who is a former CNN producer , told reporters that the prosecution is already stalling and wo n't present the evidence purported to be on the CDs . Other defendants in the case , not including the three Al Jazeera journalists , told reporters they had been beaten and intimidated in prison after the last court hearing , when they complained to journalists of torture and abuse . One of the defendants , Anas El Beltagy , son of Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed El Beltagy , said he had been put in solitary confinement . Another , Khaled Abdel Raouf , who has been on hunger strike for 55 days , said he had had no access to medical care . The two lawyers representing Greste and Baher Mohamed quit the case Thursday , claiming in court that Al Jazeera was not concerned about the defendants and only wanted to tarnish Egypt 's image . The lawyers were hired by Al Jazeera to represent the two journalists . Assem Ghorob , Mohamed 's brother , told CNN that Al Jazeera has given assurances that the network will hire new lawyers for the case . "  It was weird what happened in court today , " Ghorob said . "  I 'm fine with getting new lawyers but I 'm surprised the lawyers who quit criticized Al Jazeera in court . That could obviously hurt the case . " Human rights groups have criticized the trial , saying the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press . Al Jazeera is a large TV news broadcaster and digital outlet with headquarters in Doha , Qatar . At Al Jazeera trial in Egypt , video of sheep herding and an adjournment Jailed journalists denied bail , deny Muslim Brotherhood links CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Two lawyers quit the case , claim Al Jazeera wants to tarnish Egypt 's image Trial of Al Jazeera journalists on terrorism-related charges is adjourned to May 22 Court told the prosecution wants defense lawyers to pay $ 169,000 to see evidence The defendants deny the charges against them , say they were doing their jobs
London  CNN  -- Why did Lee Rigby have to die ? That 's what people around Britain -- its officials , its authorities , its citizens -- asked themselves Thursday , a day after the soldier was hit with a car , then hacked to death on a London street in broad daylight . There 's been no indication that the 25-year-old machine gunner , drummer and father of a 2-year-old boy knew the men who attacked him with meat cleavers . One of them who approached a man filming the gory scene in southeast London 's Woolwich neighborhood suggested Rigby had been targeted only "  because Muslims are dying daily " at the hands of British troops like him . Soldier slain in London was a machine gunner , Royal Palaces drummer , father That man and another who suffered gunshot wounds in a confrontation with police minutes after Rigby 's killing spent Thursday in stable condition at separate South London hospitals . Even with those two suspected attackers under guard , authorities pressed for answers -- and to determine if others might have been somehow involved and , if so , why . Six residences have been searched , and two people -- a man and a woman , both of them age 29 -- were arrested Thursday on "  suspicion of conspiracy to murder , " London 's Metropolitan Police said . "  This is a large , complex and fast-moving investigation which continues to develop , " added police . The attack , which Prime Minister David Cameron and others called an act of terror , stirred anxiety and alerts in Britain not seen since the summer of 2005 , when coordinated bomb attacks struck London 's public transport network . An additional 1,200 police are now on London 's streets to reassure the public , Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Crime and Operations Mark Rowley said , with extra patrols at key locations such as religious institutions and transport hubs . Steps were also taken to further protect military installations and personnel , he added . Abu Barra blamed Wednesday 's attack not on his friend Michael Adebolajo -- who he says is the bloody , cleaver-wielding man shown talking in the video aired by CNN affiliate ITN -- but on the British government and predicted there may be more attacks . "  As long as  British  foreign policy is engaging in violence , they 're only inviting violence in retaliation , " Barra told CNN . By sharp contrast , Cameron said "  the fault lies solely with sickening individuals who carried out this attack , " adding that "  nothing in Islam ... justifies this truly dreadful act . " "  This was not just an attack on Britain and on the British way of life ; it was also a betrayal of Islam and of the Muslim communities who give so much to our country . " London attack : Terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? Suspect knew British Muslim radical leader It is understood that the two individuals suspected of carrying out the knife attack were known to Britain 's domestic security service . They had featured in previous investigations into other individuals , but were not themselves under surveillance . Friends , acquaintances and British media identified the 28-year-old Adebolajo as the suspect seen on the ITN video . The identities of the other man , 22 , and the two people arrested Thursday are n't known . A British national of Nigerian descent , Adebolajo converted to Islam and became passionate about his faith , said Barra . British Muslim radical leader Anjem Choudary told CNN on Thursday that he knew Adebolajo , noting that the suspect attended demonstrations and a few lectures organized by Choudary 's group Al-Muhajiroun . In fact , an ITN video from April 2007 shows Adebolajo standing behind Choudary at a rally protesting the arrest of men who allegedly made inflammatory speeches inside a mosque . Barra described his friend as a "  very caring " man who "  just wanted to help everybody . " He was also "  very vocal " about his feelings that Muslims were being oppressed , injustices he pinned , in part , on the British government . "  I was n't surprised that it happened , " Barra said of Wednesday 's attack . " ... Britain is only responsible , the government . And I believe all of us , as a public , we are responsible . We should condemn ourselves , why we did not do enough to stop these wars going on in Iraq and Afghanistan . " The Woolwich bloodshed spurred concerns not only about violence by Islamic extremists but also about attacks targeting Muslims by people angry about Rigby 's killing . "  People can only take so much . And people will break , " said Victor Easdown , a construction worker who heard shots ring out in Woolwich as police took on Rigby 's attackers . London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier In Kent , police arrested a man on suspicion of "  racially aggravated criminal damage " at a religious building . And Wednesday night in Essex , a man with two knives was arrested after throwing a smoke grenade at the Al Falah Braintree Islamic Center and demanding someone come outside to answer to the Woolwich slaying , the mosque 's secretary Sikander Sleemy said . Members of the far-right English Defence League clashed with police late Wednesday , with a tweet from its official account touting that "  it 's fair to say that finally the country is waking up ! :- NO SURRENDER ! " "  Do n't listen to the Government cover ups , The lies about Islam being peaceful , " read another EDL tweet Thursday . Political and social commentator Mohammed Ansar appealed for "  a sense of calm  and  perspective " after what he called "  a really , really heinous act of , I would say , criminality , ... not terrorism . " "  What we do n't need are knee-jerk reactions ... to really ratchet up tensions and really stoke and inflame anxieties within communities , " he told CNN . Watch : Terrorism analyst on soldier killing Paper : Woman says she talked to attacker The attack may have wide-ranging repercussions in Britain , including possibly enflaming sectarian tensions and leading to more violence . But it 's already have an impact on people who live and work in Woolwich -- the working-class , multicultural neighborhood where the mutilation took place -- and witnessed the carnage firsthand . A man who identified himself as James told London 's LBC 97.3 radio station that he saw two men standing by the victim , who was on the ground . At first , James thought they were trying to help the man . But then he saw two meat cleavers , like a butcher would have . "  They were hacking at this poor guy , literally , " he told the radio station . "  These two guys were crazed . They were just not there . They were just animals . " Witness : Attackers ` were just animals ' Amid the horror , an individual story of courage emerged Thursday in the person of a Cub Scout leader named Ingrid Loyau-Kennett . Loyau-Kennett told Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper that she had jumped off a bus to try to revive a man -- later determined to be Rigby -- she thought had been hurt accidentally . She swiftly realized the man was dead , and it was no accident . "  When I went up , there was this black guy with a revolver and a kitchen knife . He had what looked like butcher 's tools , and he had a little ax , to cut the bones , and two large knives , and he said , ` Move off the body , ' " she told the newspaper . "  So I thought , ` OK , I do n't know what is going on here , ' and he was covered with blood . I thought I had better start talking to him before he starts attacking somebody else . " Unarmed police -- like most in Britain -- arrived at 2:29 p.m. Wednesday , nine minutes after the first call came in police . Armed officers were on site five minutes later . Witnesses recounted the suspects then ran at the police , who responded with gunshots . Recalling the incident later on ITV , Loyau-Kennett said she was n't scared when she talked to one of those suspects -- who then had a revolver , knife and cleaver in his bloody hands -- minutes before those shots rang out . "  Better me than a child , " she said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London , and CNN 's Greg Botelho did the same from Atlanta . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Jonathan Wald , Carol Jordan , Atika Shubert , Erin McLaughlin , Richard Allen Greene , Ed Payne and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman who talked to a suspect said she felt , "  Better me than a child " That suspect is one of 2 shot , then arrested after allegedly killing a soldier The victim is Lee Rigby , a machine gunner and father , the UK defense ministry says Two others , both 29 , were arrested Thursday as part of the probe
CNN  -- The living quarters of a fire station in Maryland exploded and burned Thursday after its snow-laden roof collapsed in the wake of the pair of record-setting snowstorms that howled through the mid-Atlantic region in the past week , state police said . Crushed roofs were not uncommon in the region -- authorities in the District of Columbia reported 22 such incidents as a result of the heavy snowfall -- but the collapse at the Sykesville Freedom District Fire Department stood out because it punctured a natural gas line , igniting the blaze , officials said . Firefighters were out on a call when the roof fell about 7:40 a.m. , Carroll County spokeswoman Vivian Laxton told CNN affiliate WBAL-TV . No injuries were reported . In the aftermath of what some are calling "  snowmageddon , " thousands of people were without power and transportation departments were still trying to clean snowy , icy streets Thursday . In Washington , more than 250,000 federal workers were told to stay home from work for a fourth day , and public schools were closed . But in New York , children went back to school after a three-day "  holiday . " After a storm that dumped more than 30 inches of snow in some places last weekend , the latest part of the one-two punch dropped 22.5 inches on Baltimore , Maryland , 15.8 inches on Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and about 10 inches on Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington , Virginia , Central Park in New York and Atlantic City , New Jersey , the National Weather Service said . Records for total snowfall for the season have been set at Dulles International Airport west of Washington , with 72 inches ; Philadelphia , with 70.3 ; Baltimore , with 70.1 ; Reagan Washington National Airport , with 55.6 ; and Atlantic City , with 48.7 , according to the weather service . The snow brought down tree limbs that in turn pulled down power lines . Ricky Watkins of Petersburg , in central Virginia , sent in a CNN iReport of a transformer near his home that erupted in sparks and flames after a tree downed power lines there Wednesday morning . Although he said he was "  used to the snow " after working in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Chicago , Illinois , he said he had never seen a display like the one the transformer put on . "  I was not about to get any closer , " he said . "  It appeared that a transformer had fallen into a nearby tree and was about to catch it and the house on fire . " He said his power went out about 8 a.m. Wednesday but was back on by about 2:15 that afternoon . Dominion Virginia Power reported only 3,400 outages by Thursday afternoon , most of them in southeast Virginia , but it was unclear whether all of those were storm-related , said utility spokeswoman La-Ha Anderson . "  We hope to have anybody affected by the storm yesterday to be back on today , " she said . Dominion serves 2.4 million customers from the Washington metropolitan area to northern North Carolina . Potomac Electric Power Co. , which serves Washington and Maryland , had 1,900 customers without power , PEPCO spokesman Bob Hainey said Thursday morning . The utility hopes to get everybody 's service restored by Friday , he said . "  We 're cautiously optimistic , " he said . "  Our goal is to get everyone back on as soon as possible . " Dulles International Airport and Reagan National Airport reopened Thursday after closing to flights Wednesday afternoon . Amtrak was still providing limited service for Washington , New York and Boston , Massachusetts , on Thursday , but most passenger rail service south of Washington was canceled . Amtrak said the weather had downed trees and power lines on portions of freight railroad tracks south of Washington , "  requiring continued service cancellations in Virginia , and the Carolinas . " Seth Bishop , 18 , a freshman at George Washington University , where classes were canceled , said he was unfazed by the snow . "  I 'm originally from New Hampshire , so I 'm used to snow , " he told CNN 's iReport . He said he had a good time touring the outside of snow-covered monuments on the National Mall and viewing sites in the northwest business district . "  It 's pretty eerie , actually , because no one was around . " Bishop said he also was busy with other pursuits . "  I 've been going through a bunch of snowball fights -LSB- and -RSB- getting some extra work done for classes . " As the mid-Atlantic region was digging out Thursday , another snowstorm was hitting Texas . Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport had recorded more than 6 inches by mid-afternoon Thursday . It was the most snow recorded at the airport since 7.5 inches on February 17 , 1978 . The new storm was taking a more southerly route than the previous two . Accumulations of up to 5 inches were predicted for parts of southeast Mississippi and southwest and south central Alabama overnight Thursday into Friday . Although the amount of snowfall predicted lessens as the storm moves through Georgia and South Carolina on Friday , isolated spots could see up to 6 inches , forecasters said . CNN 's Deb Kranjak contributed to this report .	Collapsed roof at fire station punctures a natural gas line , igniting the blaze Snow expected to hit swath South Children going back to school in New York after three snow days Snow blamed for the collapse of at least 22 roofs in Washington
CNN  -- Sad but true : Much of what we do online , we do for vainglorious reasons . We tweet a joke not only to make others laugh , but also to watch the sweet RTs come rolling in . We post a link not just to start a discussion or expand our Facebook friends ' minds , but also to rack up the comments and likes . So when someone lifts our content without credit -- even just a link or gem we found in the morass of the interwebs -- we are rightfully angered . Look , one of the Web 's greatest powers is its sheer volume , the seemingly infinite library of well-argued political views , vivid picture galleries , real-time citizen journalism and "  Tron " fan trailers . And what our social networks bring to the table are reapers and curators who help point us to the best content . Finding  or coming up with  cool or hilarious stuff and sharing it with others is a skill , one that should be appropriately lauded with that sweet ego-building nectar we call credit . We 're not about to delve into the ins and outs of intellectual property law and copyright infringement and all that jazz . Nay , we 're here to talk about the much milder offense of sharing content without a nod to the ahead-of-the-curve person who shined a spotlight on it in the first place . Now , this can get a bit tricky , since it 's not always necessary , or even worthwhile , to give a citation . So let 's review a few truths about reposting . 1 . Some platforms make it effortless . On those platforms , you look especially jerkish for not giving credit . Twitter is a prime example -- the retweet function lets you share another person 's quip or link with almost zero effort . So nabbing that Onion article or whatever and putting it in your feed as your own is just a bastardization of how the site 's supposed to work . Forced citations are actually a big part of Tumblr 's design , as founder David Karp explained last weekend at the Mashable Connect conference in Orlando , Florida . Some people decry the blog site 's lack of a built-in comment function -- users wishing to add their commentary must "  reblog " another Tumblr 's post so that it shows up in their own blog , where they can add their biting remarks . The idea , Karp said , was to ask people to own up to their takes on others ' work -- no anonymous flaming or trolling . 2 . Viva la "  via . " Socially adept social networkers use "  via " like mad . Just tweet or post or blog about the cool thing you stumbled upon and drop in "  via -LSB- the name or handle of the friend who shared it first , with a link to their relevant social network profile -RSB- . " A couple of exceptions : A  If you heard about the link directly from the source , e.g. if you follow @cnntech and are excited about one of their stories , well , duh , the link itself will be giving the source proper snaps . B  If your friend gave credit to a tipster whom you do n't know , no need to do serial citations  "  AMAZING PUPPY VIDEO via @myfriend via @herfriend via @anotherrando . "  It 's a waste of space and those tertiary connections will never know . 3 . Do n't bother giving credit if the item is blowing up on the Web . Most recently , the share du jour was that unspeakably annoying Rebecca Black "  Friday " video . If you posted such a thing after it 'd bubbled up into a frenzy , you 'd probably have eight different friends you could credit , all of whom just heard about it from someone else . Actually , if something is already reaching epic viral heights , do n't add to the boring cacophony . Doing so only makes you look hopelessly out of the loop . Stand out by reposting something clever and relatively obscure . Or , you know , skip the ctrl-Ving altogether and say something original .	When someone lifts our content or reposts a gem we found without credit , we 're mad If your friend gave credit to a tipster whom you do n't know , no need to do serial citations Skip the ctrl-Ving altogether and say something original
CNN  -- A hacker 's leak of nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other female celebrities is now a case for the FBI . Nude photographs of Lawrence , who won an Academy Award last year for her role in "  Silver Linings Playbook , " were splashed on various sites Sunday . They appeared on 4chan , Reddit , Twitter and Tumblr , among others . Kate Upton 's lawyer confirmed photos of the model-actress were among those leaked , calling it "  an outrageous violation " of her privacy . "  We intend to pursue anyone disseminating or duplicating these illegally obtained images to the fullest extent possible , " attorney Lawrence Shire said . Lawrence 's publicist said "  authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence . " Some of the alleged victims in the celebrity hacking case "  have engaged with the FBI , " a U.S. official told CNN 's Pamela Brown Monday . The Los Angeles office of the FBI successfully investigated another hacker who stole nude photos , scripts and personal information from the e-mail accounts of entertainers including Scarlett Johansson , Mila Kunis and Christina Aguilera in 2011 . "  The FBI is aware of the allegations concerning computer intrusionsÂ and the unlawful release of material involving high profile individuals , and is addressing the matter , " FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said Monday . "  Any further comment would be inappropriate at this time . " Who 's at fault over nude photo hack The previous case , which resulted in a Florida man being sentenced to 10 years in prison , involved hacking through the "  forgot my password " function on celebrity e-mail accounts . Cyber-security experts are now pointing the finger at a flaw in Apple 's "  Find My Phone " app that opened access to celebrities ' data stored in iCloud . Apple confirmed to CNN Monday that it is looking into reports that its popular iCloud online data backup service may have been compromised by the hackers . "  We takeÂ user privacy very seriously and are actively investigating this report , " Â Apple spokeswoman Natalie Kerris said .	NEW : Some celebs "  have engaged with the FBI " about the hacking , a U.S. official says Apple says company is "  actively investigating this report " Online posts show nude photographs of actress Jennifer Lawrence Other celebrities also report they were hacked , some say photos were doctored
SVAY PAK , Cambodia  CNN  -- Svay Pak has a disturbing reputation . The village outside Cambodia 's capital of Phnom Penh is known as a place where little girls are openly sold to foreign predators looking for sex . One of the girls who was sold into the sex trade told CNN that before she could read she was working in a brothel . "  I was about five or six years old , " she said . "  The first man said to me , ' I want to have sex with you . ' At the time I did n't know what to do . No one could help me . " Dozens of girls have had the same experience in her neighborhood . She says she was approached by a man while playing outside . He asked her to come over and talk to him , and before she knew it she was alone and being asked for sex . Some of the girls were actually sold into the sex trade by their own parents . Many were housed with other girls her age in what looked like a cell . The room was pink had thick walls and no windows and was about 7 feet long by 7 feet wide . There were several rooms just like it stuffed into a building that had a gate over the front door and bars on the bathroom window . The brothel she lived in specialized in pre-pubescent girls . The young girls were sought after by the foreign men who came to the area for one reason : They knew they could find young girls for sale . "  At the beginning they talked to me gently but when they raped me , they also beat me up , " the former sex slave said , her head bowed and tears rolling from her eyes uncontrollably . She is now 18 and no longer trapped in a terrible and painful life . Three years ago she found a safe haven after Don Brewster and his wife moved into the neighborhood and began operating a rehabilitation center for child sex slaves . "  I really think it 's an evil -- I mean there is no understanding it . The girls , I mean , they 're in such pain and suffer so greatly and it is obvious to the man that 's raping them , " Brewster said . Brewster says things have changed in Svay Pak in the past several years . It used to be girls who hung out in the open , beckoning from behind barred windows to the men who walked by . Pimps no longer descend on every foreign man who shows up in the neighborhood offering to sell them virgins . While the situation is changing , there is still a nasty underbelly in the area , but travelers have to go looking for it now . The sex trade has gone underground , but it is still there . "  If you just look on the surface you would say that does n't happen but just yesterday we rescued a 5-year-old girl here in Svay Pak , " said Brewster , who works with Agape International Missions . Now there is a place that provides a secure environment for children to just be children .	One former sex slave says she was five or six years old when approached by a man "  No one could help me , " she says Don Brewster and his wife operate a rehab center for child sex slaves "  Just yesterday we rescued a five-year-old girl , " Brewster says
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron on Tuesday blasted Scottish authorities ' decision to release the convicted Lockerbie bomber last year and agreed on the need to push for a more transparent disclosure of the circumstances surrounding Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi 's release . Cameron , however , said he is opposed to a British government investigation into the release . The two leaders also said they addressed a range of issues in talks at the White House , including the war in Afghanistan , sanctions against Iran , the state of the global economy and the responsibilities of BP -- a British company -- after the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . "  We can never say it enough . The United States and the United Kingdom enjoy a truly special relationship , " Obama said . "  We celebrate a common heritage . We cherish common values . ...  And  above all , our alliance thrives because it advances our common interests . " The meeting was part of Cameron 's first U.S. visit as Britain 's leader . The two men met with reporters shortly after huddling behind closed doors . Cameron said the release of al Megrahi , who had been sentenced to life for his role in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , was "  wholly wrong . " Al Megrahi , he said , was "  the biggest mass murder in British history . " The 1988 bombing killed 270 people . Cameron promised that the British government will cooperate with a congressional investigation into the controversy , though he stressed that the decision to release al Megrahi was made by the Scottish government without any involvement from BP . "  There is absolutely no harm to be done in giving the fullest possible explanation " regarding the decision to release al Megrahi , Cameron said . "  But I do n't think there 's any great mystery here . It was simply a "  misguided decision " by Scottish authorities . The Scottish government freed al Megrahi last August on compassionate grounds after doctors said he had terminal prostate cancer and just three months to live . Al Megrahi is still alive nearly a year later , and news reports in recent days have questioned whether he was as sick as depicted . Questions also have been raised about whether a deal was cut to release him to protect British business interests in Libya , with oil giant BP exerting influence in the case . The Scottish government has insisted that BP never lobbied to free al Megrahi . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and four U.S. senators from New York and New Jersey have called for Britain to revisit the case , even though there is little chance that al Megrahi will be returned to custody from his native Libya . Cameron was scheduled to meet with the senators during his visit to Washington . Obama said most Americans were "  surprised , disappointed and angry " about the decision to let al Megrahi go . "  We should have all the facts , " he added . "  They should be laid out there . " The decision "  ran contrary to how we should be treating terrorists . " Turning to BP 's responsibilities after the Gulf oil spill , Cameron said he "  completely understands " the anger that exists "  across America . " "  It is BP 's role to cap the leak , to clean up the mess , and to pay appropriate compensation , " he said . "  I 'm in regular touch with senior management at BP , and the president is , too , to make sure that happens . " The two men said they were united in their goals for the Afghanistan war and in terms of preventing Tehran 's acquisition of nuclear weapons . Cameron , however , remains under pressure at home to end the British involvement in the Afghan campaign . Britain is the second-largest contributor of troops to the military coalition fighting Taliban insurgents , behind only the United States . Obama also indicated they had both reaffirmed their commitment to fiscal responsibility in light of spiraling deficits in the major Western economies . At the same time , the president stressed that different countries are taking slightly different approaches , depending on their specific circumstances . Obama has pushed for the need for greater stimulus spending in the short term while addressing deficits as more of a long-term issue ; Cameron entered office pledging the enactment of immediate austerity measures . In keeping with those measures , his office said earlier , the prime minister flew on a commercial flight to Washington . While their different approaches to the economic crisis underscore their different political orientations , Obama and Cameron , according to many observers , also have a great deal in common . Among other things , they 're a similar age -- Cameron is 43 and Obama is 48 -- and they both campaigned on the slogan of hope and change . Cameron came to power in May in a historic change of government in the United Kingdom , about 18 months after Obama made history with his own election as the United States ' first African-American president . The two men bet a bottle of beer on the outcome of the USA-England soccer match in the first round of the World Cup , and exchanged bottles in a lighthearted event when the teams tied 1-1 in June . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Leaders of the U.S. and Britain condemn the release of the Lockerbie bomber Cameron says the Scottish government released al Megrahi without BP influence He pledges to cooperate with a congressional inquiry into the release Cameron says he "  understands " American anger over the BP oil spill
Hollywood , Florida  CNN  -- Connor Boss appears to be just like any other contestant waiting to sign into the Miss Florida USA pageant until it is her turn to fill out the registration sheet . Boss , with her nose almost touching the paper , has trouble reading the form . Boss , 18 , is the first legally blind contestant to compete for Miss Florida USA . Ten years ago , she was diagnosed with Stargardt disease , a hereditary eye disease that caused her vision to get progressively worse . "  It affects my retina and my central vision , so my peripheral vision is intact , " said Boss . "  When I 'm looking at people , I try and look around . People take me as being rude but it 's hard for me to focus straight forward . " Focusing is not a problem for Boss when it comes to her goals . Boss , a freshman at Florida State University , graduated high school with a 4.2 grade point average . "  All of her tests ended up being read to her , even the SAT and ACT for college were read to her , " said her mother , Traci Boss . It was not only academia where Boss excelled ; she was her high school senior class president and captain of the cheerleading squad . Boss got her start in pageants after seeing her friends compete . "  All the girls participated in this pageant called Miss Junior Harvest Queen and Harvest Queen , " she said . Boss entered Miss Harvest Queen when she was 16 . Triathlete with Stargardt disease sues over blackout glasses requirement "  I ended up winning , which was the coolest experience , " she said excitedly , as if it was yesterday . "  And I promised myself after that I had to try another one . " During the pageants , Boss is treated just like all the other contestants , but she must rely on her other senses to compensate for her poor eyesight . In rehearsal , Boss pays close attention to where she needs to be on stage and how to get there . "  She 'll actually say ` four steps here , step down four steps , step down , ' " explained Miss Florida USA Executive Producer Grant Gravitt . "  She 'll memorize it . " Humor is also an important outlet for Boss when dealing with her disease . "  I find a lot of humor in it , the stupid stuff that I do , like running into things , tripping all the time over things that I can not see , " she said . Although Boss is good at laughing off her missteps , she works very hard to avoid them , especially when she is on stage . "  I think she 's different than any other girl but not because of her blindness , " said Gravitt . "  I just think that she 's an awesome young lady that is really coming into the prime of her own . " Boss , who has as good a chance as the other 73 contestants at becoming Miss Florida USA 2013 , says the older she gets the less importance she places on winning the crown . "  I 've come to learn that it 's not even about winning the pageants , " she said . "  I 'm so glad that my story can be shared and that at least if I can inspire one person , I feel like I 've won already . " Married beauty queen must return crown	Connor Boss , 18 , is the first legally blind contestant to compete in Miss Florida USA She was diagnosed with a hereditary eye disease at age 8 Boss , a college freshman , says winning the pageant is n't why she 's competing ` If I can inspire one person , I feel like I 've won already , ' she says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S.-led forces captured two men believed to be senior al Qaeda in Iraq leaders , including one suspected of planning the 2006 kidnapping of U.S. journalist Jill Carroll , a military statement said . Jill Carroll , seen here in an interview following her 2006 release , was held for nearly three months in Iraq . Coalition forces captured the suspects in Baghdad on August 11 and 17 , according to the statement . The suspects were identified as Salim Abdallah Ashur al-Shujayri , also known as Abu Uthman , and Ali Rash Nasir Jiyad al-Shammari , also known as Abu Tiba . Abu Uthman is suspected of masterminding Carroll 's abduction , the statement said . Carroll , a freelance reporter for The Christian Science Monitor , was abducted in January 2006 and freed unharmed in March of that year . Both men are suspected of overseeing car or suicide bombings targeting Iraqis with the intent of inciting sectarian violence , the statement said . Abu Tiba is suspected to have been in charge of as many 15 al Qaeda in Iraq "  attack cells , " providing them with money , weapons and explosives , according to the statement . The men were also suspected of being connected to other kidnappings , the statement said . "  The capture of Abu Tiba and Abu Uthman eliminates two of the few remaining experienced leaders in the AQI -LSB- al Qaeda in Iraq -RSB- network , " the statement said .	Abu Uthman suspected of masterminding Jill Carroll 's 2006 kidnapping Uthman and another al Qaeda in Iraq suspect captured this month , military says Carroll , a U.S. journalist , was abducted in 2006 but released unharmed weeks later
CNN  -- Honduras ' president ordered troops to take control of a prison on Saturday , a day after a report claimed that inmates have "  internal control " over all of the country 's prisons . President Porfirio Lobo said the military would go into the PenitenciarÃa Nacional , or National Penitentiary , following a confrontation there . The Ser Honduras news service reported that three died and 15 were wounded in clashes earlier Saturday . The news came after the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights , in a report Friday , said that all control at Honduras ' 24 prisons "  has been ceded into the hands of the prisoners themselves . " In 2012 : At least 13 dead in Honduran prison fire Due in part to limited staffing , inmates practice "  self-government " or "  shared government " at the detention facilities -- a system that includes administering punishment , resolving conflicts and distributing and setting food prices , according to the report . An officer in command at one prison , San Pedro Sula , said that prison authorities "  have no power to change anything , " according to the multinational organization . Honduran prisons have been criticized for being overcrowded places with poor conditions . The International Centre for Prison Studies , citing February 2010 figures , has said that the country 's prisons were operating at 137.9 % of capacity . The commission report noted that at least two prisons had more than twice as many inmates as they should hold . In 2012 : Nasty , harsh , overcrowded : Life in a Honduran prison CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Honduras ' president orders troops to take control of the national penitentiary This follows a fight there that , a report says , left three dead and 15 wounded A report claims inmates have "  internal control " of all nation 's prisons
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , infamous for admitting he smoked crack and drank too much , called allegations that he tried to buy an incriminating video from criminal suspects "  an outright lie " on the Washington-based Sports Junkies talk radio show Thursday morning . Ford 's saga began in May , when allegations emerged that he appeared to be smoking crack cocaine on a pipe on cell phone video taken months earlier , in the winter of 2012 . After initially denying that he smoked the drug , he admitted in November that he did . On the show , when asked about how he handles all the media attention he 's received in the past few months , Ford said he is staying focused on serving his constituents . "  All the other stuff is nonsense , " he said . Ford got testy with the hosts when they asked him about the tape , telling them that they could talk to his lawyers if they wanted to keep asking him questions about controversy . "  I 'm here to talk about football , " he said . Ford described what a huge pigskin fan he is . He said that his home is full of football jerseys and regalia , and that he used to play center . He also said he has a football pool in his mayoral office . Documents : Criminal suspects claimed Ford tried to buy damaging video The hosts asked him if he is a fan of online poker , and he enthusiastically said he is , and then told the hosts that if they came to Toronto , he would treat them like "  kings , " and maybe they 'd go out for chicken wings . The hosts asked him what the future holds for him . The "  future is I 'm getting re-elected , " Ford replied . The hosts asked if Ford has the support of the people . "  Absolutely , " he answered . Asked who is running against him in the October 27 , 2014 , election , he said , "  I do n't know . There 's a ton of names out there . " Then he added : "  The more the merrier . Let my record speak for itself . " Mayor Rob Ford : A man of contrasts Allegations about damaging tape The sports radio interview aired a day after the release of documents that say Ford tried to buy a damaging tape from criminal suspects -- months before a tape was publicized showing him smoking crack . That 's according to documents CNN obtained from Ontario Crown Counsel Arielle Elbaz that are tied to a Canadian investigation into organized crime called Project Traveller . Ford was n't the focus of this investigation , and he has not been charged with a crime . But , after allegedly interacting with several players who were involved in the probe , he ended up getting ensnared in it . Ford vows ` outright war ' after council strips his powers The mayor 's camp did not return a CNN request for comment . According to the documents , police translating a March 27 phone conversation , primarily from the Somali language , believed that the men were talking about "  receiving an offer from Rob Ford in exchange for a video . " The men discussed an apparent offer of $ 5,000 and a car in exchange for the video , as well as selling the tape to the Toronto Star newspaper and an unnamed website . The court documents state : "  At the end of the discussion ,  one of the men  said he does not want to go to the media but would just see him  believed to be referring to Ford  , ... He says he 'll ask for 100 or 150 " -- possibly referring to $ 100,000 or $ 150,000 . These conversations do n't delve into specifics about what 's on the video . But earlier this year , allegations surfaced in two media outlets that Ford had been recorded last winter using crack cocaine . In May , the Star and the website Gawker published stories saying their reporters saw 90 seconds of a cell phone video showing Ford , as the Star described it , "  inhaling from what appears to be a glass crack pipe . " Later in the video -- as described by the Star -- an "  incoherent " man both the Star and Gawker claimed was Ford ranted about a number of subjects . After that report came out , Ford said he had no reason to resign . Yet pressure on him increased earlier this fall when Toronto 's police chief announced investigators had recovered a video that purportedly showed Ford smoking from a crack pipe . The next week , on November 5 , Ford admitted that he 'd "  smoked crack cocaine ... probably in one of my drunken stupors , probably approximately about a year ago . " He denied being an addict . Even after this admission , Ford refused to resign . Instead , he vowed "  outright war " on the city council when , later in the month , it slashed the mayor 's budget and transferred most of his duties to the deputy mayor . "  If you think American-style politics is nasty , you guys have just attacked Kuwait , " Ford said then to groans and laughter in the city council chambers . The mayor 's voice is less apparent in the documents released Wednesday , although he is not necessarily insignificant . Authorities say that phone intercepts from early on April 20 , for instance , indicate one woman telling a man "  that Rob Ford is at the residence . " Two minutes later , at 12:54 a.m. , another man allegedly tells the first "  to go to Princess 's ... house to deliver drugs to Rob Ford , " the court documents say . Ford on controversial team names Whenever the Washington , D.C. , radio hosts asked Ford about his political life Thursday , he tried to steer the conversation back to sports . "  Mayor , what is your link to the Redskins -- 'cause your people have told us that you actually were a Skins fan or you went to Skins camp ? " Ford said he went to a youth football camp in Pennsylvania for three years that was staffed , at least in part , by Redskins players . "  These guys literally taught us how to play football -- banging on your door at 7 a.m. . It was great discipline at a young age , so I went back there three years in a row . " One of the hosts asked him what he thought about opposition to the name Redskins , which some think is offensive to Native Americans . "  Why do n't we look at the Cleveland Indians , " Ford replied . "  What are we gon na call them next , the Cleveland Aboriginals ? Like , where do we go with this ? It 's been around for years and years and years and if they were offended they should have come out when the name was first initiated . You started playing -- how long have the Skins had their name for ? How long have the Chiefs had their name for ? How long have the Cleveland Indians had their name for ? Years and years and years and all of a sudden the politically correct people have to come out now ? I think everything 's fine and I would just stick with the name . "	Toronto mayor denies trying to buy an incriminating video from criminal suspects Ford is infamous for admitting he smoked crack He is still in office and tells radio hosts that he 's confident he 'll be re-elected next October
CNN  -- Folks along the East Coast from North Carolina to New Jersey who were hoping for a green St. Patrick 's Day are getting a white one instead . Snow and sleet fell Monday from western North Carolina to central New Jersey . Snow also fell across portions of southeast Pennsylvania . Three days ahead of the official start of spring , Washington was bearing the brunt of another storm . Ten inches of snow was reported at Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia , and 6 inches have fallen at Baltimore-Washington International Airport . Winter storm warnings and advisories are in place for much of the Mid-Atlantic , from North Carolina to southern New Jersey . The snow was expected to taper off Monday afternoon , the National Weather Service said . The highest reported snowfall total was 13.5 inches at Singers Glen , Virginia . In Washington , schoolkids and federal workers got another snow day thanks to the late winter storm . Classes were canceled in six area counties . The National Zoo is closed , too , leaving the animals free to roam in the snow without any prying eyes .	10 inches of snow reported at Dulles airport ; a town in Virginia gets more than a foot Federal workers get the day off in Washington , and the National Zoo is closed Schoolkids get another snow day amid winter storm warnings and advisories
CNN  -- Four Americans were killed during a rocket attack at Bagram Air Base , outside of Kabul , a Pentagon official said Tuesday on the condition of anonymity . The U.S.-led International Security Assistance Force confirmed that four NATO coalition service members had been killed in an attack but did not disclose the nationality of the casualties or the exact location of the attack . ISAF said the four were killed in an "  attack in eastern Afghanistan . " The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , the group said in a statement . News of the casualties came as NATO-led troops transferred security responsibility to Afghan forces . Afghan President Hamid Karzai has said he welcomes the U.S. troop withdrawal and insists his army can defend the country against the Taliban . "  It is exactly our job to deal with it , and we are capable of dealing with it , " Karzai told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this year . Even so , there are concerns about the abilities of Afghan security forces to deal with the Taliban and other militant groups . The Taliban continue to carry out high-profile attacks in the capital , Kabul , even targeting the Afghan Supreme Court during a suicide attack in June . Another strike targeted a building near Kabul International Airport . On Tuesday , a suicide bomber attacked the convoy of Haji Mohammad Mohaqiq , a member of parliament , killing three people and wounding 21 others . Three bodyguards were among the injured . Mohaqiq -- a Shiite and an ethnic Hazara -- is a member of Afghanistan 's political opposition . American forces , now at about 66,000 , are expected to drop to 32,000 by the end of the year . The plan is to withdraw all combat troops but keep a residual force in the country to help train Afghan forces and carry out counterterrorism operations when needed . The size of that force is still being discussed .	NEW : The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack ISAF says four NATO coalition service members have been killed ISAF did not disclose the nationality of those killed A Pentagon official says the attack happened at Bagram Air Base
CNN  -- Former CNN anchor Lou Dobbs said Thursday said neither he nor his companies have ever hired illegal immigrants and it was not his responsibility to check their papers . Dobbs challenged an online article accusing him of hiring contractors who employ illegal immigrants on his properties . During his afternoon show on WOR NewsTalk Radio 710 in New York , he and Isabel Macdonald , author of The Nation piece , debated what he should have done to ensure the workers were in the United States legally . Dobbs , who left CNN in November 2009 , repeatedly asked Macdonald whether he or his companies had ever hired an illegal immigrant . "  No , " she said . But Macdonald said that the situation involved Dobbs and his Dobbs Group hiring contractors that she said used undocumented workers . She pressed the journalist on whether he had ever checked on the status of workers at his properties . Dobbs , who called the article a "  hit piece , " countered that he had no legal right to do so . "  They want me checking citizenship and status ? , " he said later in his show . "  I do n't think so , " adding he could be sued for stepping in . "  I have documented that undocumented workers have been fundamental in the maintenance of your estate in West Palm Beach , " said Macdonald . The talk show host said workers at his New Jersey farm receive health and retirement benefits . "  You can understand my sensitivity in you going after my 22-year-old daughter . That does n't sit well with me , " Dobbs told the author . He defended the hiring of those working at the stables . "  I have been told they are absolutely legal . " Macdonald said Dobbs is responsible for those working at his properties . "  I did n't hire him directly , " Dobbs replied to a claim that an undocumented Guatemalan was paid $ 8 an hour to watch his grounds . "  I did n't hire him undirectly . " In the article posted Wednesday on The Nation 's website and headlined "  Lou Dobbs , American Hypocrite , " the leftist political magazine reports that Dobbs hired contractors who used illegal immigrants for landscaping work and caring for horses ridden by his daughter , Hillary Dobbs , a champion show jumper . It says the landscaping and equestrian industries depend on illegal immigrants due to the low pay , long hours and physical labor . In the article , several people identified as current or former workers on Dobbs ' properties say they were in the United States illegally at the time . However , the article says none of the names reported for the workers are real because they requested aliases to prevent their possible deportation or firing . Dobbs has a history of making critical comments about the high number of illegal immigrants and the way they are treated . In particular , he has said that employers who hire illegal immigrants should be prosecuted . "  Why not make it a felony for illegal employers who hire illegal aliens ? " Dobbs asked on his CNN show on April 4 , 2006 . The next day , he said on his show that field workers are paid "  not , in my opinion , an adequate wage , but a decent wage , " adding : "  These people deserve to be paid more . And we 're sitting here talking about more of the same , allowing people to be exploited in this country . " The Nation article reports that one worker said he crossed the Yuma Desert on foot from Mexico five years ago , eluding the border patrol , in order to find work . According to the article , the man said an old friend worked at a stable owned by Dobbs and promised the man work as a groom at a Vermont stable contracted to care for horses owned by the Dobbs Group , which is headed by Dobbs . The man held the job for more than two years without legal documentation , the article says , adding that he then obtained a guest-worker visa , designed for seasonal foreign workers . The article says Dobbs on his CNN show had denounced such visas as a form of "  indentured servitude . " Another man whom the article says cared for Dobbs Group horses is quoted as saying the job required him to be available at all hours , day and night . "  I looked after Dobbs ' horses while I was illegal , " the article quotes him as saying . Several workers are quoted in the article as saying they believe that Hillary Dobbs knew about their lack of legal papers . The article says she "  did not respond to repeated attempts to contact her for comment . " The Nation identified Macdonald as a freelance journalist and former communications director of the media watch group Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting . It was reported with research support by the Investigative Fund at The Nation Institute , according to the website post . "  You put out an article that is being used by the left-wing press as a hammer on me , " Dobbs told Macdonald . "  And you know full well , you already acknowledge , I never hired illegal immigrants , my company never has and I do n't condone it . " Dobbs and Macdonald had a testy exchange at the end of the WOR segment . "  Your listeners deserve to know the truth , " said Macdonald . "  Come back and next time concentrate on truth , reality and straight-forwardness , " Dobbs replied . The pair continued the debate Thursday night on MSNBC 's "  The Last Word . " "  Even Lou Dobbs , the emblem of this get-tough approach on immigration enforcement , even he has been unable to manage his property -LSB- so that -RSB- there will be no undocumented workers , " Macdonald said . Dobbs said he has done nothing wrong and is being targeted . He also said the article omitted the fact that he is seeking a compromise on immigration issues . Dobbs did not return calls from CNN seeking comment Thursday .	Former CNN anchor says he 's not allowed to ask status of people working for contractors The Nation article says Lou Dobbs hired contractors who used illegal workers The immigrants did landscaping and cared for horses ridden by Dobbs ' daughter Dobbs calls article a "  hit piece "
CNN  -- A Montana judge seeking re-election next year is facing calls to step down immediately after handing down a 30-day sentence to a teacher who admitted raping a 14-year-old student . Petitions calling for Baugh 's resignation flooded the Internet this week after he passed up a chance to impose a tough sentence on Stacey Dean Rambold , a former high school teacher . The teen , who was 14 when Rambold had a sexual relationship with her in 2008 , committed suicide in 2010 , as the case made its way through the courts . After her death , prosecutors offered to dismiss the charges if Rambold admitted to one charge of rape , completed a sex offender treatment program and met other requirements . But Rambold failed to tell his counselors about relationships he had with women , a violation of his deal . So his case was revived and it was up to Baugh to decide on a punishment . Prosecutors asked for a 20-year sentence with 10 years suspended , court documents show . But the judge followed the recommendation of the defense , which called for a sentence of 15 years , with all but 30 days suspended . NYC police : Teacher accused of raping 10-year-old student The mother of the teen , Auliea Hanlon , called the short sentence for Rambold a "  travesty . " Hanlon said she was particularly upset that Baugh said her daughter "  seemed older than her chronological age " and was "  as much in control of the situation " as the teacher . Baugh apologized on Wednesday . "  I made some references to the victim 's age and control , " he told CNN affiliate KTVQ . "  I 'm not sure just what I was attempting to say at that point , but it did n't come out correct . What I said was demeaning to all women , not what I believe in and irrelevant to the sentencing . " About the sentencing itself , Baugh said he would file an addendum to the case file to "  better explain " his rationale . Baugh , 71 , the oldest son of Washington Redskins ' legendary quarterback Sammy Baugh , grew up on a family farm in Rotan , Texas , with four siblings , according to a 2008 Montana Standard article . In the story , which was written after Baugh 's father 's death at age 94 , the judge told the newspaper he moved to Montana in the 1960s to practice law before seeking a spot on the bench . Baugh has served as a judge in Yellowstone County since 1984 . He was an attorney in Billings and served as a U.S. magistrate before running for district court judge . The judge has imposed tough sentences in rape cases before . Canadian teen commits suicide after alleged rape In September 2011 , Baugh sentenced a 26-year-old man to 100 years in prison , with 50 years suspended , for the rape of an 11-year-old boy , according to local media reports . In that case , the man had met the boy at a video store and later met him at school and lured him to an empty irrigation ditch , according to local reports at the time . In August 2012 , the judge sentenced a 23-year-old man to 56 years in prison , with 31 years suspended , for possessing child pornography that included images of children under age 12 . State law mandated a minimum of 25 years for such crimes . The Billings Gazette reported that the defendant also admitted to sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl , for which Baugh sentenced him to a concurrent 10-year term .	Montana Judge G. Todd Baugh is being blasted for a sentence in a rape case A 30-day sentence has outraged many who see it as too lenient The judge apologizes , saying he misspoke
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egyptians on Saturday cleared burned cars , garbage and debris that accumulated over 18 days at Tahrir Square , a sign that Cairo and the rest of the country were ready to rebuild and get back to work while the country formulates a plan for governance . A day after President Hosni Mubarak stepped down , employees and businesses readied themselves for Sunday , the traditional start of the work week . The country 's stock market is expected to reopen Wednesday . Wael Ghonim , a cyberactivist who is a Google executive on leave , wrote Friday on his Twitter account , "  Dear Egyptians , Go back to your work on Sunday , work like never before and help Egypt become a developed country . " Volunteers repainted black-and-white-striped street curbs around a monument by the Egyptian Museum , which had been on the front line in street battles between Mubarak 's foes and supporters . Police were starting to move barricades and trying to restore vehicle traffic at Tahrir Square , where many protesters vowed to remain . "  It 's time to start rebuilding the country , " protester Yehya Kheireldin said , pointing to the hundreds of volunteers armed with brooms who are sweeping away the debris left by the sit-in . In the immediate future , the military -- largely respected by Egyptians -- will have to grapple with guiding the country of more than 80 million people through the transition amid massive problems of unemployment and considerable economic underdevelopment , said CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman , who is based in Cairo . Former Egyptian Trade Minister Rachid Mohammed Rachid recently told CNN that the new government must show it is business-friendly . The African nation virtually shut down during the unrest , losing vital tourism dollars as well . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported Saturday that citizens who make their living off foreign tourists are angry . "  Young boys 17 years old and 18 years old , they want to say , ` We are hungry , we want to eat , we want to work , ' " said businessman Ayman el Myonir . Businessmen near the famed Pyramids say about 50,000 people are employed in the tourism industry , Robertson reported . "  We try to help each other . We would like to put our hands together , and to help each other , " said el Myonir . As thousands reveled in their improbable revolution , the nation 's newly appointed military caretakers laid out priorities Saturday geared at establishing stability , though they revealed little to elucidate the future . The Armed Forces Supreme Council said it was committed to a democratic process resulting in civilian rule , but urged respect for the reviled police forces that had brutally clashed with protesters in the early days of the uprising . "  The armed forces council calls on the people to cooperate with the policemen , " Lt. Gen. Sami Anan , who some see as a potential presidential candidate , said on state television . "  We ask our policemen to adhere to their slogan : Police is at the people 's service . " It was unclear whether the statement signaled a return of the police security apparatus , noticeably absent from the streets after the violent clashes and the deployment of the army . CNN 's Arwa Damon visited a coffee shop in central Cairo , where patrons said they now feel free to speak honestly about Egypt 's political problems . "  I am happy and sad , " said Fateh , a customer . "  I am sad because this is the president who carried us through wars and tough times . " He said the turning point came when Mubarak supporters rode horses and camels into the Tahrir Square crowd . The military , meanwhile , announced measures geared toward establishing stability after the abrupt death of a 30-year dictatorship in the Arab world 's most populous nation . Anan , the armed forces chief of staff , said Egypt would still honor international treaties and commitments , a statement perhaps aimed at calming a jittery Israel that has quietly watched dramatic change unfold in its Arab ally . "  Egypt is a country of institutions and it honors its legal obligations , " Sameh Shoukry , Egyptian ambassador to the United States , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Saturday . The revolution is something "  all Egyptians are proud of , " the diplomat said Egypt and Israel signed a peace treaty in 1979 . The Israelis on Saturday welcomed the Egyptian statement and Defense Minister Ehud Barak spoke on the phone with his Egyptian counterpart Hussein Tantawi , who heads the supreme council , the Israeli Defense Ministry said . "  The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces is confident in Egypt 's potential , institutions and people to successfully go through these difficult times , " Anan said . But as thousands of people still celebrated on the streets , the army 's first statement since Mubarak 's departure did little to spell out how long Egypt would remain under military rule . "  They want to see structural change , " Parag Khanna of the Global Governance Initiative told CNN Saturday . "  They want to see a change in the Constitution . They want to see democracy . That speech did not tell them any of those things . " Thousands of Egyptians were in a still electric Tahrir Square Saturday , vowing to stay there until , as one protester put it , "  Egypt is ruled by a civil government , not a military one . " A marble memorial was going up to remember those who died in the 18-day uprising . Human Rights Watch has documented 302 deaths , a number the monitoring group called conservative . Kheireldin said an "  unspoken plan " had been reached between the military and a group of protest organizers to take down barricades and tents in Tahrir Square , even though some people wanted to hold out longer . Tantawi , the head of the military 's supreme council , has a controversial reputation among the armed forces and had been derided by midlevel officers as "  Mubarak 's poodle " for his fawning over the now-ousted president , according to U.S. diplomatic cables sent from the Cairo embassy in 2008 and published by WikiLeaks . The Constitution allows for only two scenarios for a head of state to relinquish power . The first stipulates that if the president has to step aside temporarily , the vice president steps into the top role . That is what the regime briefly orchestrated Thursday . If the office of the president is vacated or the president becomes permanently disabled , the Constitution states that the parliamentary speaker is to assume the role until new elections can be held . Those elections , in turn , must occur within 60 days . In opting for a third way , which put all power in the hands of the military , the Mubarak regime in effect rendered the Constitution inoperable . Shawee El-Sayed , an independent member of Egypt 's parliament and an expert on the country 's Constitution , said Mubarak 's move to transfer power to the military left Suleiman without an official role . "  The next step the council must  decide  is whether or not to validate the Constitution -- otherwise there will be a constitutional vacuum , " he said . Saturday , Anan , the supreme council 's spokesman , said the current government would remain in place until a new one could be formed . State television reported , citing a judiciary source , that several high-ranking government officials , including the former prime minister and interior minister , were facing lawsuits and were barred from traveling out of the country . U.S. President Barack Obama , meanwhile , praised the Egyptian military for acting responsibly and said it now needs to help ensure a credible transition as it attempted to better gauge the unfolding situation . Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , plans to visit key U.S. allies Israel and Jordan this weekend , a Pentagon official told CNN Saturday . Under Secretary of State Bill Burns was already in Jordan meeting with King Abdullah , the State Department said . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates spoke with Tantawi on Saturday , the sixth phone conversation with the minister since the start of the Egypt uprising , a Defense Department spokesman said . It was the first call since Mubarak stepped down . Among other things , Egyptian authorities need to set about "  protecting the rights of Egypt 's citizens , lifting the emergency law , revising the Constitution and other laws to make this change irreversible , and laying out a clear path to elections that are fair and free , " Obama said . But some analysts were sounding the alarm over the takeover by the military , which has suddenly become accountable for the nation . Analysts with Stratfor , a global intelligence company , said Egypt had essentially experienced a coup . "  Egypt is returning to the 1952 model of ruling the state via a council of army officers , " the Stratfor statement said . "  The question now is to what extent the military elite will share power with its civilian counterparts . " But even as officials hash out the details of Egypt 's murky political future , its people power rippled throughout the region . In the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , protesters chanted : "  Yesterday Tunisia , today Egypt , tomorrow Yemen will open the prison . " And in restive Algeria , anti-government protesters chanted "  Change the power . " Security forces clashed with the crowds . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh told CNN that the country 's "  democraticization procession is well on track . " King Abdullah II swore in a new government Wednesday . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Ivan Watson , Joe Duran and Frederik Pleitgen and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	Egyptians returning to work in force Sunday Many Egyptians vow to remain in Tahrir Square until civilian rule is implemented A marble memorial is going up in Tahrir Square to honor the dead A military statement asks people to respect the reviled police forces
Grand Isle , Louisiana  CNN  -- President Obama returned from a tour of the oil-stricken Gulf Coast on Friday and vowed to do all he could to help area residents and businesses clean up the mess and recover financially . "  We want to stop the leak , we want to contain and clean up the oil , and we want to help the people in this region return to their lives and livelihoods as soon as possible , " the president told reporters . Flanked by more than a dozen Gulf-area politicians and officials , the president -- the sleeves of his shirt rolled up -- called the oil spill that began April 20 and continues today "  an assault on our shores , on our people , on the regional economy and on communities like this one . "  This is n't just a mess that we have got to mop up . People are watching their livelihoods wash up on the beach . " Obama said he had heard "  heartbreaking stories " from Grand Isle Mayor David Camardelle of fishermen who are trying to figure out where their next paycheck will come from . "  This is something that has to be dealt with immediately , " he said . "  This is our highest priority , and it deserves a response that is equal to the task . That is why this has already been the largest cleanup effort in U.S. history . " More than 20,000 people are working in the region to clean up the spill , including 1,400 National Guard troops activated in four states , he said . So far , more than 3 million feet of boom have been deployed , he said , adding that he will ensure that the lead federal official responding to the spill , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , gets "  whatever he needs to deal with this crisis . " Obama said it would be "  welcome news " if BP 's "  top kill " effort succeeds in stopping the runaway flow from the well a mile below the surface of the water , but he said that that other efforts are under way , too . "  A team of some of the world 's top scientists , engineers and experts -- led by our energy secretary and Nobel Prize-winning physicist Steven Chu -- has for some time been exploring any and all reasonable contingency plans , " he said . Obama said he has directed Allen and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to triple the manpower in places where oil has hit shore or appears within a day of doing so . Information about resources available to area residents and businesses will be posted at whitehouse.gov , he said . In addition , doctors and scientists will be stationed in the affected states to monitor the potential impact of the spill on the health of residents , an expense that BP will pay , he said . "  BP is the responsible party for this disaster , " he said . "  But as I said yesterday and as I repeated in the meeting we just left , I ultimately take responsibility for solving this crisis . I 'm the president , and the buck stops with me . " He added that federal authorities are prepared "  to do whatever it takes for as long as it takes to stop this catastrophe , to defend our natural resources , to repair the damage and to keep this region on its feet . " In a response to some local officials , who have been calling for a berm to be created to keep the water from getting into fragile marshlands , Obama said Allen is prepared to authorize moving forward with "  a portion of the idea . " And he called on Americans to help , too , by visiting the region . Except for three beaches in Louisiana , all of the Gulf beaches are open , safe and clean , he said . But it was to the long-term residents that he targeted his message : "  I 'm here to tell you that you are not alone , " he said . "  You will not be abandoned , and you will not be left behind . " Though about 25 percent of the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone has been shut , most federal waters in the Gulf are open to commercial and recreational fishing , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .	Obama vows to put federal muscle behind cleanup , says there are alternatives to "  top kill " Obama : "  I ultimately take responsibility " Feds to triple manpower on beaches that have been hit by oil Obama : Americans can help by visiting region ; most Gulf beaches are open , safe , clean
CNN  -- Three people were killed Thursday when a small plane burst into flames after going off the end of a runway at the airport in Sedona , Arizona , a police spokesman told CNN . A spokesman for the Sedona Fire Department confirmed the deaths but said he could not identify the victims , CNN affiliate KPHO reported . The plane was registered to Pat Porter , a two-time Olympian and an eight-time U.S. cross country champion . He finished 15th in the 10,000 meters at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and also raced the event in 1988 in Seoul , South Korea . His wife , Trish , was also an Olympian in 1988 . The couple lives in Albuquerque , New Mexico . Ron Wheeler , a spokesman for the Sedona Police department , told CNN the plane struck a fence after going off a runway . KPHO reported that a witness said the plane , a twin-engine Beech 60 , was trying to take off . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash , KPHO reported . Researcher : New air traffic control system is hackable Boy , 11 , hops plane to Rome without ticket or passport Bill heading to White House gives pilots increased ability to fight FAA CNN 's Calandra Corder contributed to this report .	Plane burst into flames , police officials says Witness tells CNN affiliate the small plane was trying to take off Plane registered to a two-time Olympian
CNN  -- If you 've ever had a group of friends who have meant the world to you , take a look at the old black-and-white photo that accompanies today 's column . If you 've ever yearned to freeze time , to make the finest moments of your life stand still in their tracks so you can savor them a little longer , while knowing somewhere inside that such a thing is impossible , take a look at the faces of those three men . Not so many years before that photo was snapped , the three of them were inseparable -- not only on a basketball court , but in the minds of hundreds of thousands , maybe millions , of admirers . Their names routinely appeared in the same sentences in newspaper sports sections from coast to coast . They inhabited the same column of agate-type box scores on winter morning after winter morning . If you were young enough -- and , as the 12-year-old statistics kid who counted up their field goals , rebounds and free throws for the local Columbus , Ohio , television station that did the live broadcasts of their college games , I was young enough -- you allowed yourself to believe that the three friends would always be together . It was n't to be . It almost never is , whether you are friends as famous as they were , or as anonymous as most of the rest of us are . Which is why I love that bittersweet photograph so much . It is an inadvertent record of a moment that signifies how all friends , eventually , must take different paths , that nothing beautiful is destined to endure uninterrupted . On the left in the photograph is Larry Siegfried of the Boston Celtics . In the center is Jerry Lucas of the Cincinnati Royals . On the right is John Havlicek of the Celtics . In 1960 , the three had been teammates on The Ohio State University basketball team that won the national collegiate championship . It was quite a squad ; the coach was Fred Taylor , the two other starters were Mel Nowell and Joe Roberts , and there was a sharpshooting forward who came off the bench , a rather intense young man by the name of Bobby Knight . The team was so smooth that , watching from the stands , you sensed they could read each others ' minds . If you had never before quite understood what it looked like and felt like to be a part of a seamless unit , you found out every evening just by seeing them play . But the thing you could never really know -- the secret that belonged only to them , as it does with any group of friends -- was what it was like to be inside of it . They were separate people , but they were one . Which is why the photograph of them taken barely three years later -- it was shot on October 17 , 1963 , in the Cincinnati Gardens -- is , in its low-key way , so mesmerizing . The friends , because of circumstance , have parted . The paths have split . This was to be the first game during which , as professionals , they competed against each other . The old team was history . At the opening tipoff , their goals were about to diverge . The photo was snapped by a then-young man named Ed Keys , who had been taken to the game by his father , sportswriter Tom Keys . Ed Keys sent it to me recently because he thought I would understand . Fifty winters ago -- the winter that Lucas and Havlicek and Siegfried and their Ohio State teammates won their national championship -- I somehow , as a junior high school student who was n't even that good at math , talked the local television play-by-play man , Jimmy Crum , into letting me sit with him and help with the statistics . I watched those friends on the court at every home game on their way to the championship ; I watched that magical basketball friendship form and grow and become so strong that their team became the finest in the country . What must it be like to be part of a friendship that is played out so publicly -- part of hardwood recollections woven into the fabric of the lives of strangers who will never meet you ? "  It 's probably something the rest of us can never fully comprehend , " said Lee Caryer , a sports historian who wrote the book "  The Golden Age of Ohio State Basketball , " and who knows every member of that championship team . "  But I can tell you that the bond between them is real , and that they wear it very well . It goes way beyond basketball . " Most of us , if we are lucky enough when we are young to have friends whom we treasure , tend to lose track of some of them over time . Most of us have our own versions of that moment in the photograph : a moment when we suddenly know for sure that , despite our dreams and best intentions , the golden days when we first found each other have drifted off , and that we are on our way to somewhere else , somewhere different . But there always is the chance that we can recapture the memories . Later this month , in Columbus , the living members of that championship team will gather for a series of 50th anniversary celebrations . The three men in the photograph are all expected to be present . They started off as small-town Ohio boys who did n't even know that the others were alive : Jerry Lucas of Middletown , Larry Siegfried of Shelby , John Havlicek of Martins Ferry . They ended up as a part of each other . That 's the lesson for all of us , as this new year takes its first faltering steps , and , all across the country , new friendships form and old ones seem to splinter . That 's the lesson , full of hope and harmony : The best friendships never truly die . We may go our separate ways , for a while . But the friendships not only lead the way home . The friendships are home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Three players on 1960 college championship team went on to the NBA Bob Greene says the three seemingly inseparable players were parted He says they plan to reunite at 50th anniversary reunion later this month The best friendships endure even though friends get parted , Greene says
CNN  -- Authorities found the mutilated remains of 14 people inside a truck parked in front of a city government office in northern Mexico Thursday , according to the Attorney General of the State of Tamaulipas . The bodies were found in the town of El Mante , Tamaulipas . 49 headless bodies -- just another crime in Mexico drug war ? Investigators went to the scene near city hall and saw the bodies , which were 11 men and 3 women , authorities said . Federal forces have stepped up security in Tamaulipas and the neighboring state of Nuevo Leon since November 2010 . The states are among Mexico 's most violent , according to government statistics . Photos : Violence not going away Turf battles between the rival cartels have become common in northern Mexico . Last month , Mexico 's interior minister said the Zetas drug cartel and members of the allied Gulf and Sinaloa cartels were in a fierce feud in the region . He blamed the battle between rival cartels for the 49 decapitated and dismembered bodies left along a highway in the northern city of Cadereyta , Nuevo Leon . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence throughout the country since December 2006 , when Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels . In small-town USA , business as usual for Mexican cartels	Authorities are investigating a state prosecutors says Authorities found the 14 bodies , 11 men and 3 women Turf battles between the rival cartels have become common in northern Mexico
New York  CNN  -- A dark chapter in recent New York City history stands to close with a proposal for the city to pay a $ 40 million civil rights settlement to five black and Hispanic men wrongfully convicted in the horrific beating and rape of a white female jogger in Central Park in 1989 , a source with knowledge of the settlement told CNN on Friday . The sensational case polarized the city along racial lines and became emblematic of a state of rampant crime . Five minority teenagers , who became known as the Central Park Five , were coerced amid public uproar into making incriminating statements and convicted in 1990 . The proposed agreement between the city law department and the five men -- who served between seven and 13 years in prison -- averages about $ 1 million per year of incarceration , according to the source . One of the men , Kharey Wise , served 13 years in prison . Kevin Richardson , Antron McCray , Yusef Salaam and Raymond Santana Jr. each served about seven years . The proposed settlement still has to be approved by the city comptroller and then submitted for approval to Judge Deborah Batts of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan , where the men filed their civil rights lawsuit . The source said a formal announcement on the settlement would be made next week . The agreement was first reported in The New York Times . In a statement Friday , the city comptroller 's office said it had received the agreement . "  As with all proposed settlements , under our Charter-mandated authority , we will do our due diligence and provide feedback to ensure that any settlement we approve is in the best interests of the City , " the statement said . In 2012 , filmmaker Ken Burns , along with daughter Sarah Burns and her husband , David McMahon , produced an award-winning documentary about the infamous case . "  We are thrilled to hear about the potential settlement with the Central Park Five , " the three said in statement Friday . "  It will finally give some closure and bring a measure of justice in this tragic case . The five men were just teenagers when they were wrongly convicted . ... Their story has come to symbolize the immense challenges we continue to confront when it comes to race in this country , but it is also the story of five men maintaining their dignity in the face of injustice and now , of the collective power to acknowledge and correct our mistakes . " Sarah Burns told CNN that it was time for the story of the Central Park Five "  to be over . " "  Having gotten to know them well ... the closure and finishing this meant a lot , " she said . "  I never heard them talk about money , but I heard them talk about closure and being able to move on , and feeling some sense that a settlement would be an acknowledgment to their exoneration , and that meant a lot to them even though it 's not like they 're ever gon na get an apology for the people responsible . But this is the closest they 'll get , and that does mean a lot . " On April 19 , 1989 , a 28-year-old Wall Street investment banker jogging through Central Park was raped , viciously beaten and left for dead . She would have no memory of the attack . That same night , a group of black and Latino boys had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars and assaulting people in a practice the media and law enforcement at the time called "  wilding . " An investigation led to the arrest of five teens who were accused of rampaging through the park in a "  wolf pack " and preying on innocent victims . They were charged and convicted . "  If they had their way , " Salaam told CNN in 2012 , "  we would have been hanging from one of those lovely trees here in Central Park . " The victim , Trisha Meili , kept her identity hidden for 14 years until the publication of her book , "  I Am the Central Park Jogger . " "  I guess there are lots of theories out there but I just do n't know and it 's almost too confusing for me to understand , " she told CNN in 2003 , referring to the false confessions given by the five men . "  I 've had to come to peace with it by saying : ` You know what ? I 'm just not going to know . ' " Three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer in 2001 confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone . "  After being exonerated , it 's like somebody running free through the ... grass and throwing their hands up and yelling , ` ah ! ' you know ... the feeling is overjoy and happiness , " Salaam told CNN . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes did rape the jogger and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match . Robert M. Morgenthau , the Manhattan district attorney at the time , ordered a new investigation and , on his recommendation , a judge vacated the convictions . A civil rights lawsuit filed by the five men accused police and prosecutors of false arrest , malicious prosecution and a racially motivated conspiracy . The administration of former mayor Michael Bloomberg fought the case , but his successor , Bill de Blasio , pledged to settle the suit before taking office .	Wrongfully convicted men in New York City jogger rape case to settle suit , source says Sensational case polarized city along racial lines and became an emblem of rampant crime In 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone
CNN  -- At last the mystery has been solved . Since a fan tweeted a picture of Jerry Seinfeld and Jason Alexander outside Tom 's Restaurant , which served as a stand-in Monk 's on the hit NBC show "  Seinfeld , " there has been buzz about what it could mean . Was it a Super Bowl commercial ? Something having to do with Seinfeld 's Web series "  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " ? Or was it perhaps , like the sitcom , a whole bunch of nothing ? The answer is yes . In addition to the comic , the mini - "  Seinfeld " reunion included Alexander , who played George Costanza on the show , and Wayne Knight , who played Newman the postal carrier . It turned out to be a bit of a commercial for Seinfeld 's "  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee . " On that show , Seinfeld often sits down for a chat with fellow comedians and celebs . In this case , Seinfeld was in character as Seinfeld hanging out with his old buddy Costanza in search of some grub during the Super Bowl . The pair bantered about a friend 's Super Bowl party and a discussion ensued about "  over cheering " football games . Then Jerry 's nemesis , Newman , showed up . In all , it really was straightforward . Though keep in mind "  Seinfeld " celebrates its 25th anniversary this year , so perhaps there is something more to the mystery after all .	Fans had guesses after Seinfeld and Alexander were spotted together Reunion spot airs during Sunday 's Super Bowl "  Seinfeld " celebrates 25 years in 2014
After a joyous welcome from the gathered faithful , Pope Francis celebrated Mass on Saturday at a stadium in Jordan on the first leg of a Holy Land trip intended to promote a message of unity . His trip has been billed as a "  pilgrimage for prayer , " with its roots in faith , not politics . But in a region where religion and politics are so closely intertwined , his every remark will take on an added significance . The Holy Land trip , also taking in Bethlehem and Jerusalem , is the first for Francis as leader of the Roman Catholic Church , and just the fourth for any pontiff in the modern era . Everything to know about Pope Francis Thousands of believers packed the International Stadium in Amman for the Mass in what is a majority Muslim nation with a significant Christian community . Many cheered and waved as the Pope arrived . In his homily , Francis spoke of the need for tolerance and diversity , and urged everyone to put aside grievances and divisions . "  The mission of the Holy Spirit is to beget harmony ... and to create peace in different situations and between different people , " he said . "  Let us ask the Spirit to prepare our hearts to encounter our brothers and sisters so that we may overcome our differences rooted in political thinking , language , culture and religion . " Christian refugees from Syria , Iraq and the Palestinian territories were among those present , and 1,400 children received their First Communion at the Mass. . Small groups of cheering supporters earlier lined the road , waving flags and chanting "  Long live the Pope " as Francis ' motorcade left the airport in Amman at the start of his three-day visit to the region . The Pope 's first stop was at al-Husseini Royal Palace in Amman , where he met with Jordan 's King Abdullah II . In televised remarks after that meeting , Francis paid tribute to Jordan 's efforts to promote interfaith tolerance and to the welcome that the small nation has given to Palestinian refugees and , more recently , those fleeing war-torn Syria . Francis said it was "  necessary and urgent " that a peaceful solution was found to the crisis in Syria . He also called for a "  right solution with regard to the situation between Israel and the Palestinians . " Middle East peace talks recently stalled despite high-profile efforts by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to push them forward . "  I grasp this opportunity to renew my esteem and respect for the Muslim community and show my appreciation for the work carried out by his Majesty the King , which is promoting further understanding between peoples of different faith and communities of different faith , " Francis said . His visit marks the 50th anniversary of the landmark meeting between Pope Paul VI and the then-spiritual leader of the world 's Orthodox Christians , Patriarch Athenagoras , in Jerusalem . Landmark meeting While in Jordan , Francis will greet some of the 600,000 Syrians that have fled since the start of the civil war in 2011 as well as refugees from Iraq . He will also visit the River Jordan , where many Christians believe Jesus was baptized . Accompanying Francis on his trip are Rabbi Abraham Skorka , who co-wrote a book with the pontiff , and Sheikh Omar Abboud , who leads Argentina 's Muslim community . The religion of the Pope 's traveling companions , both of whom hail from his home country , Argentina , is no coincidence . "  It 's highly symbolic , of course , " said the Rev. Thomas Rosica , a consultant to the Vatican press office . "  But it also sends a pragmatic message to Muslims , Christians and Jews that it 's possible to work together -- not as a system of checks and balances but as friends . " In Bethlehem , Frances will greet children from refugee camps , celebrate Mass in Manger Square , lunch with Palestinian families and visit the site of Jesus ' birth . The Pope is expected to call for a Palestinian state , which has long been Vatican policy . And in Jerusalem , the pontiff will meet the city 's grand mufti and chief rabbis , visit the Western Wall and Yad Vashem , a memorial to the Holocaust , and lay a wreath on the grave of the founder of modern Zionism , Theodor Herzl . He will also celebrate Mass at the site of the Last Supper . Francis will meet with the President of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , in Bethlehem , and with Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Shimon Peres while in Jerusalem . Pope Francis in the Holy Land : 5 things to know	Pope Francis calls for peace and harmony as he celebrates Mass in Amman Pontiff urges a swift solution to the Syrian crisis and peace in the Middle East "  Highly symbolic " visit sends message of unity in volatile region , Vatican says The Pope is also expected to call attention to the poor and downtrodden during his visit
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- The bodies of a 22-month-old girl and her mother have been recovered from the rubble of the I-35W bridge collapse , the Hennepin County Medical Examiner 's Office said Friday . The remains were found Thursday . Hana Sahal was in a car with her mother , Sadiya Sahal , 22 -- a nursing student from Somalia -- when it plunged into the Mississippi River , said Omar Jamal , a spokesman for the family . See photos of victims of the collapse " Sadiya Sahal died of blunt-force and penetrating abdominal injuries . Hana , the only child believed to be a casualty of the disaster , died of blunt-force head injuries , according to the county medical examiner 's Web site . Authorities informed Sahal 's family Thursday that the child had died , said Jamal , director of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center . The family was told Friday that Sadiya Sahal 's body was identified . Funerals for both are planned for Saturday , Jamal said Friday night . Sadiya Sahal was five months pregnant , he said . Divers on Friday pulled more human remains from the river , but the Hennepin County sheriff 's office did not specify whether the remains represented one body or more . The discovery of another victim would mean at least nine people were killed when the bridge fell six stories into the Mississippi during the evening rush hour on August 1 . The medical examiner 's office still listed eight victims on its Web site , however , and said that as of Friday evening , all remains found had been identified . Other victims may still be trapped in the rubble . Watch ` traffic cam ' video of the chaos moments after the bridge collapse " Federal officials investigating the disaster said Friday an aerial photo made before the bridge collapsed shows where construction equipment was placed on the structure and could help investigators determine why the bridge fell . "  This gives us an outstanding depiction of what , in fact , was on the bridge as it relates to the loads that were provided by the construction company : the equipment , the positioning of the equipment , where the loads were . All of that data will be put into our ... computer model , " Mark Rosenker , chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board , said Friday . Part of the investigation is focusing on construction work on the bridge before it fell . Crews were using heavy equipment to resurface parts of the deck and make other repairs . The eight-lane bridge was down to two lanes to accommodate the work . See a diagram of the bridge 's structure " The I-35W bridge was classified as "  structurally deficient " by state bridge inspectors for at least 17 years . U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said Friday that Minnesota will receive an advance of $ 50 million in federal emergency relief for debris removal and other operations in preparation for reconstruction . The money is an advance on the $ 250 million Congress authorized before its August recess began . Congress must pass legislation to appropriate the $ 250 million before it can be released , Peters said . The state also received $ 5 million in emergency aid the morning after the disaster , and $ 5 million was secured by Minnesota 's congressional delegation to set up alternative transportation options for motorists . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Body identified as that of nursing student from Somalia Victim 's daughter was only child killed in disaster Photo shows where construction equipment sat on bridge Location of equipment may help investigators compute stresses
Lake Zakher , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- In a remote corner of the United Arab Emirates , a blue lake shimmers amid the sand dunes . It 's not a mirage , but a man-made oasis -- an unintended byproduct of the UAE 's water management practices , which has sprung from the desert in recent years . Opinion is divided over this unexpected phenomenon , known locally as Lake Zakher . Huw Roberts is a university lecturer who has been an avid birdwatcher in the Gulf region for nearly two decades . "  This is one of the best sites in the UAE for birds , " he said . "  It 's a good habitat for wintering birds and birds on passage . " To Roberts , Lake Zakher has reliably proved something of a birdwatcher 's paradise , with herons , flamingos and stilts among the rich diversity of species drawn to this rare water source . He has been coming to the lake for seven years to photograph the birds , insects and reptiles and add them to WildlifeUAE -- his photographic inventory of nearly 600 species of the country 's wildlife . But to others , like Brigitte Howarth , an ecologist at the UAE 's Zayed University , Lake Zakher is an environmental calamity . "  This lake to me is a bit of an ecological disaster because we really do n't understand how it 's affecting all the various species that do live naturally within this environment , " she said . "  If you suddenly create an artificial situation , where many other species benefit , it is the species that have been here for millions of years that then suffer . " Read more : Beauty and the beast - a camel pageant in the UAE The lake is an industrial byproduct of the desalination system used to meet the UAE 's water needs . With few sources of fresh water in the region , the country has relied on desalinating seawater for domestic use -- a technology that has been essential to the country 's growth , according to advocates . "  Desalination started here 50 years ago , " said Corrado Sommariva , president of the International Desalination Association . "  There would n't be any development of the industry or society if there was no desalination . " The waste water is treated and just over half reused for industrial purposes , according Mohamed Al Madfaei , executive director at the Abu Dhabi Environmental Agency . But the other 45 % of recycled waste water was simply discharged at sea or released on to the land , where it had been pushing up groundwater levels , and eventually resulted in the creation of Lake Zakher . Watch : Oman banks on its history Desalination has increased as the UAE 's population has grown , bringing with it other unwanted environmental impacts . The process is energy-intensive , and releases brine into the surrounding ocean , which has the potential to harm marine life . As a result , the government is encouraging people to reduce consumption , and put excess water to better use . "  People can reduce their water consumption , be more wise when it comes to water use , " said Al Madfaei . "  When washing your car , instead of using a hose , maybe use a bucket . When it comes to the agriculture sector ... we are looking to reduce our consumption , and increasing the use of treated water in those areas as well . " It 's an approach that will help improve the UAE 's environmental sustainability , but could spell the end of the already shrinking Lake Zakher , to the dismay of Roberts and his fellow birdwatchers . "  I 'd be very disappointed if Zakher Lake disappeared , " said Roberts . "  I 'm hoping it does n't . "	A lake has emerged amid the sand dunes in the United Arab Emirates It is a result of recycled waste water dumped from the UAE 's water management system It attracts a wide variety of wildlife , delighting birdwatchers But desert ecologists consider the lake an environmental disaster
CNN  -- There were blood relatives in Houston who wanted to adopt . There was a guardian ad litem volunteer who had concerns about the adoptive parents . Child investigators were called on more than one occasion to the home . Yet early Monday along a Florida interstate , a road ranger pulled up behind a parked truck only to find an exterminator and his 10-year-old son unconscious , soaked in chemicals , and the boy 's twin sister dead . Jorge Barahona -- a 53-year-old father of four children adopted from the state 's foster care system -- told police he was distraught over the death of his daughter and had intended to commit suicide by dousing himself with gasoline and setting himself afire -- but did n't go through with it . The family had been at the center of multiple complaints to Florida 's Department of Children and Families , with callers reporting the twins being locked in bathrooms for long periods of time or bound with tape , according to court testimony . Even so , the children were allowed to remain in the house . This story appears to magnify everything that could go wrong with a child protective system . In 2004 , the siblings were placed with a foster family , according to Sonia Ferrer , circuit director of the guardian ad litem program . That family was Jorge and Carmen Barahona , she says . As often is the case when children are in the Florida foster system , a volunteer from the guardian ad litem program was assigned to look out for their best interests . "  The guardian was with the children for four years , " Ferrer said . "  He had concerns about the placement . " Those concerns were brought to the court 's attention and investigated before the children were officially adopted by the Barahonas in 2009 , Ferrer said . "  We did everything we could at the time . A full evidentiary hearing . " The judge on the case sided with the experts who found no problem with the children living with the Barahonas . Ferrer recently spoke to that guardian ad litem , who she says is devastated over what happened to the children . He is not the only one . The biological father 's sister and her husband wanted to adopt the twins , according to their attorney Steven Grossbard . "  Unfortunately , the expert opinion suggested that there was a significant bond and the courts are inclined to go with experts ' opinion , " Grossbard said . The bond he refers to is the five years the twins lived with the Barahonas as their foster children before being adopted by them in 2009 . Over the years problems in the Barahona home were brought to officials ' attention . "  Several times we 've been out to the home , " Florida Department of Children and Families spokesman Mark Riordan said . He would not elaborate on the nature of the complaints . The most recent was a call to a child abuse hotline received just days before the twins were found in the truck , according to testimony Wednesday . The testimony came during a Miami placement hearing for the Barahonas ' three surviving adopted children . According to testimony by a Department of Children and Families official , the information in the anonymous hotline call came from the 7-year-old daughter of Carmen Barahona 's biological daughter . "  When she would go to this home , where these children were being locked in the bathroom , they were being tied , but they were being untied to eat , " a DCF official testified . The granddaughter was told by her mother and grandmother that she was to keep "  family secrets " quiet . This information was corroborated when the granddaughter and the two other adopted children were interviewed , according to testimony . All alleged abuses discussed in the hearing were directed toward the twins , not the two other children . Jorge Barahona has been charged with aggravated child abuse , the West Palm Beach Police Department said and will likely face other charges . His wife , Carmen , has not been charged . She tried to hide her face at Wednesday 's hearing , where the allegations of abuse were denied by her attorney . The hotline call was on Thursday , according to court testimony . The DCF investigator , Andrea Fleary , said she went to the house on Friday night but Carmen Barahona would not let her speak to the children . Fleary testified that she left the house with the intention of following up on Monday .	Biological aunt wanted to take them in There were numerous warnings about adoptive family Court-appointed guardian is devastated Jorge Barahona has been charged with aggravated child abuse
Washington  CNN  -- A 21-year-old man who admitted posting online threats against the creators of the animated TV series "  South Park " was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison . Zachary Adam Chesser encouraged violent jihadists to attack "  South Park " writers for an episode that depicted the Prophet Mohammed in a bear suit , court documents said . He posted online messages that included the writers ' home addresses and urged online readers to "  pay them a visit , " the documents said . "  His actions caused people throughout the country to fear speaking out -- even in jest -- to avoid being labeled as enemies who deserved to be killed , " U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said . "  The fact that a young man from Northern Virginia could support such violence and terror is a sobering reminder of the serious threat that homegrown jihadists pose to this country . " Chesser pleaded guilty in October to providing material support to terrorists , communicating threats and soliciting others to threaten violence . The three charges carried a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison . "  I accept full responsibility for all of my actions , and I would like to take the opportunity to express remorse , " he said in court . Chesser , who was born in the United States , converted to Islam in high school . U.S. District Court Judge Liam O'Grady told Chesser he had made a big leap from being a high school athlete to a traitor . Chesser also admitted that he tried to go to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab , an Islamic militant group that the United States considers a terrorist organization .	NEW : A "  South Park " episode depicting Mohammed in a bear suit upset Chesser , documents say NEW : Chesser admitted posting show writers ' addresses and urging readers to "  pay them a visit " Chesser tried to join a militant group in Somalia He faced a maximum of 30 years
CNN  -- Spring has barely sprung , but Melissa Joan Hart is ready for beach season . The 37-year-old actress has lost 40 pounds with her gig as a spokeswoman for Nutrisystem , and she 's eager to show off what she looks like in a bathing suit . "  It 's not everyday I like to show a lot of skin , but these days , I 'm feeling confidant  sic  , " she wrote on Instagram on April 8 along with a photo of herself in a revealing pink bikini that presumably will be seen in her upcoming commercial for the weight loss company . On Nutrisystem 's website , Hart explains she first signed up for the program because she 'd been carrying around an extra 30 pounds after the arrival of her third child , Tucker , who turns 2 in December . "  Simple things like bending down to pick up toys or walking up the stairs were difficult , " she says . "  I just was n't able to keep up with my active boys . ... Everyone thinks that when you live in Hollywood , you have an entourage of people doing everything for you . "  The truth of the matter is , I 'm a working mother of three . I do n't always have time to go to the gym ; I do n't always have a trainer available to me . So it 's important for me to eat right . " Hart 's been working on weight loss for more than a year , as she first revealed that she 'd dropped two sizes in April 2013 . But it was n't until now that she 's felt comfortable enough in her skin to wear a bikini . "  It 's the first time I 've been able to wear a bikini in probably 10 years , that I 've felt confident enough to wear a bikini , " Hart said on "  Good Morning America " on Wednesday . "  I 've been able to be fit and healthy , and have enough energy for my  three  boys , " she continued , not to mention energy for her husband , Mark Wilkerson . "  My husband , he takes care of himself for me , so I need to return the favor , too . " While usually Wilkerson is the only one who gets to see so much of the actress , she does n't regret sharing her figure with the world . Posting the bikini pic was "  scary , " she said , "  but it was empowering . No hiding now . "	Melissa Joan Hart has lost 40 pounds with Nutrisystem The actress , a paid spokesperson , will debut her new look in a commercial She shared a photo of herself in a bikini on Instagram Hart : It 's the first time I 've been able to wear a bikini in 10 years
CNN  -- "  A fashion show 's soundtrack is just as important as the venue , the seating and the production , " said Alexander Wang , the 29-year-old designer of his own label . Wang , who is also the new creative director of European fashion house Balenciaga , said music is an integral part of how he is inspired . When he presented his edgy fall 2013 looks at the historic Cunard Building in Manhattan 's financial district , Wang juxtaposed the traditional space and its nostalgic feel with a soundtrack that he called "  very industrial , very kind of Berlin underground . " Music was so important to Marcus Wainwright and David Neville 's rag & bone label that they commissioned Radiohead front man Thom Yorke and producer Nigel Godrich to create a custom track for their show . Meanwhile , Carolina Herrera collaborated with composer and pianist Tom Hodge on an original score for her fashion show . Hodge , Herrera and producer Javier Peral worked with the London Contemporary Orchestra at the famed Abbey Road Studios in London last fall to create "  Capriccio for Carolina , " a score inspired by Beethoven 's Kreutzer Violin Sonata . When the lights dimmed at Michael Kors ' runway show , the music swelled and the models appeared on the catwalk in vivid orange , bright blue and taxicab yellow . But Kors , who compares fashion shows to Broadway productions , said it is the music that brings it all to life . "  This show we are using a fabulous new singer named Willy Moon . It 's a little '50s , a little '80s , a little modern . " The collection , which Kors calls "  urban athleticism , " focused on movement and speed , and was enhanced by Moon 's soundtrack . Plus , Kors said the singer "  is superstylish and fun and energetic and it kind of sets the mood . " Rebecca Taylor agrees . She said music "  gives the girls  models  great energy for walking and makes everyone watching feel like they are a part of something exciting . " Here is a selection of songs played during New York Fashion Week : Altuzarra "  Elephant Island 2 " - Sleeparchive "  Time Lapse Variation " - New Tango Orquesta "  Preparation for Attack " - Zero Dark Thirty Diane von Furstenberg "  Love to Love You Baby " - Donna Summer "  Like An Eagle " -- Dennis Parker "  No To Love "  Ewan Pearson 's Permissive Society Remix  - Jessie Ware "  Inspector Norse " - Todd Terje "  More More More " - Andrea True Connection "  I 'm Every Woman " - Chaka Khan Alexander Wang "  I Turn My Arm " - Gazelle Twin "  Real Love " - Cult Days "  Jesus Piece " -- The Game Carolina Herrera "  Capriccio for Carolina , " - Tom Hodge , Javier Peral and the London Contemporary Orchestra Oscar de la Renta "  As Time Goes By " - Bryan Ferry "  I 'm In The Mood For Love " -- Bryan Ferry "  Polonaise " - Shigeru Umebayashi Michael Kors "  I Wan na Be Your Man " - Willy Moon "  She Loves Me " - Willy Moon "  Yeah Yeah Yeah " - Willy Moon rag & bone Custom track by Thom Yorke and Nigel Godrich Rebecca Taylor "  After You " - Pulp  collaboration with James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem "  Fate Glory " - Montevideo "  Constant Conversations " - Passion Pit "  Work " - The 2 Bears Thom Browne "  Stabat Mater Dolorosa " - Antonin Dvorak "  Storm " - Bjork "  Pearl " - Bjork "  Saint Matthew Passion " - J.S.Bach Passion  Music for the Last Temptation of Christ  - Peter Gabriel - With This Love  Choir Victoria Beckham "  The Truth Is " - Chrysta Bell "  Swinging Upstream  Gab Demo 4  " - DJ Shadow "  Polish Poem " - Chrysta Bell Jason Wu "  This Ladder is Ours " - The Joy Formidable "  Milk & Black Spiders " - Foals "  Here Comes the Rain Again " - Eurythmics "  Skyfall Remix " - Adele "  A Song For You " - Amy Winehouse * This story is part of coverage from CNN National Correspondent Alina Cho , who returns with her latest installment of "  Fashion : Backstage Pass from New York Fashion Week . " This season , Cho sits down with supermodel Naomi Campbell to talk about her legendary career and new reality show "  The Face , " take a tour of Coach President Reed Krakoff 's 18,000-square-foot Manhattan town house , spend the day with a top model , buyer and editor to see the craziness and frenetic pace of fashion week  it 's NOT all glitz and glamour  and talk one-on-one backstage with New York 's hottest designer , Alexander Wang , who at age 29 was just named creative director of storied European fashion house Balenciaga . The special will also include interviews with Sarah Jessica Parker , Drew Barrymore , Diane von Furstenberg and Michael Kors .	Music is an integral part of New York Fashion Week One designer has commissioned a track for his show Selections this year range from classical to more popular tunes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Thousands of people have converged in the center of London for the first major protest ahead of next week 's G-20 summit . Up to 20,000 people are expected to join Saturday 's protests in London . Despite fears of violence in coming days that have prompted a major security operation in the British capital , Saturday 's demonstration has so far been peaceful . As many as 20,000 people were expected at the Put People First march , organized by trade unions but backed by some 120 other groups including environmentalists , church groups , and political campaigners . Authorities are bracing for possible violence as anti-capitalist and environmental protesters to converge on the Bank of England next Wednesday -- April 1 -- for a "  mass street party " dubbed "  Financial Fools Day . " Protesters gathering on Saturday were calling for jobs , fair distribution of wealth , and a low-carbon future . They carried banners and posters reading "  Climate Emergency , " "  Gaza : End the Blockade , " "  Planet Before Profit , " "  We Wo n't Pay for Their Crisis , " and "  Jobs not Bombs . " Some groups turned out to march in bright-colored rain ponchos or hard hats . The day began with a church service in central London . The Salvation Army , which helped organize the service , said it was a "  perfect opportunity to ask the G-20 to consider the world 's most vulnerable people . " Those at the service sang "  We are blessed to bless a world in pieces . " They asked for freedom from debt and justice to profit , the Salvation Army said . After gathering along the Thames River and marching along its banks , marchers moved past Trafalgar Square to Hyde Park for a mass rally in the afternoon . Speakers at the rally include trade union bosses , environmentalists , and global justice campaigners , along with musicians and a comedian , according to march organizers . Jake Corn , from Cambridge , told the UK 's Press Association he was taking part to show support for a more sustainable future . "  We feel this is an important moment with the G-20 coming here , " Corn said . "  We want to get our message across to as many people as possible . " Watch scenes from march , interviews with protesters " Italian trade unionist Nicoli Nicolosi told PA he had travelled from Rome to take part . He said : "  We are here to try and make a better world and protest against the G-20 . " The G-20 summit next Thursday brings together leaders and financial chiefs from the top 20 industrialized and emerging economies , along with leaders from non-G-20 nations . Hundreds of other officials will also be there , including the heads of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .	20,000 people expected at Put People First march ahead of G-20 summit Police say protest expected to be peaceful Authorities have warned of unprecedented demonstrations in week ahead
LONDON , England -- A new tool that allows doctors to use laser surgery in complex operations has been hailed as a breakthrough in minimally invasive laser technology . This fiber optic tool is made from the perfect mirror , making it possible to reflect CO2 lasers for the first time . Originally designed as a military tool for the United States Department of Defense  DOD  , the fiber-optic invention is revolutionizing the ways surgeons carry out brain surgeries . The "  Omni directional dielectric mirror " was created by Professor Yoel Fink , a then-29-year-old student in Material Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  in 1995 . "  I was asked to participate in a project funded by the DOD to create the perfect mirror , " Fink told CNN . "  The perfect mirror reflects light from all angles and does not absorb any of it . It could have been used , for example , to reflect back enemy laser beams , " he continued DARPA , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , a subsection of the DOD , specialize in technologies they believe are about 25 years away from being realized and try to make them happen in five years ' time . But they did n't have a long wait before they found their perfect mirror . "  To my own surprise , I found the answer during the very first meeting . I thought everyone would laugh at my suggestion , so I waited until the last two minutes to talk and after I did , the room just fell silent , " Fink , a former commander in the Israeli army , told CNN . He found that by taking two materials with different optical properties  one being a semi-conducting glass and one being a polymer  and stacking these two up in very tight and ultra thin layers , around 1 micron each  1/1000 of a millimeter  , they create an omni-reflector . The most important part of his discovery , however , was that by changing only the thickness and distance of the layers , the "  perfect mirror " could reflect any type of electromagnetic energy in any wavelength . This meant Fink 's invention was useful not only in the military and telecommunications field , but could also be used in minimally invasive laser surgery -- the use of lasers rather than scalpels to operate on everything from tumors , deafness and spine injuries . This type of surgery is known to reduce recovery time , the likelihood of complications and incision size . In many cases , patients also spend less time "  under the knife . " Fink then set about creating a pen-shaped fiber-optic tool that could allow surgeons to easily manipulate the laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body . The results , according to some surgeons who have used it , are astonishing . Dr. Stanley Shapshay , a renowned American Ear Nose and Throat surgeon and former president of the Triological Society told CNN : "  When Yoel first called me to show me his fiber-optic tool made out of this perfect mirror , I was very skeptical as I had seen many unsuccessful trials . " "  But as soon as we did the first tests , I was simply blown away , " he added . Dr. Shapshay has now performed over 100 operations with the "  perfect mirror laser " and says he finds it almost easier to use than a scalpel . Dr. Bendok , a senior neurosurgeon at Northwestern University in the United States , along with his partner , otolaryngologist Dr Andrew Fishman , also rave about the benefit of the fiber optic tool in minimally invasive surgery . In a recent case , Dr. Bendok 's patient had a tumor at the base of the brain , a tumor that could have been more difficult and dangerous to remove without Fink 's device . "  Using the scalpel could have caused a stroke , " Dr. Fishman told CNN . "  Instead we used CO2 laser to melt the tumor and then shave it off . " The whole operation took less than an hour and the patient recovered in only three days . According to Dr. Shapshay , the perfect mirror is also an important development because , for years , doctors were able to treat patients with lasers in only limited circumstances and with many complications . Until the "  perfect mirror " came along there were no fibers that could transport the safer CO2 lasers . Surgeons had to shoot the laser beam directly from its large generator and could do so only at a straight angle , rendering it impossible to reach deeper tissues . "  At the time , CO2 lasers were like the perfect weapon for soldiers , but one that also happened to weigh five tons . They were very cumbersome , " says Dr. Shapshay . The surgeons believe laser technology will now become more widespread with the avenue of this tool that is "  easy and intuitive to use . " Next on Fink 's to-do list is to take his fibers worldwide , especially in Europe , the Middle East and Asia . His company , Omni Guide , aims to expand the tool globally : most clinics using it are currently in the United States . "  I hope it can help patients around the world , " he said .	Perfect Mirror is used to simplify and expand use of minimally invasive laser surgery Some surgeons say new tool is easier to use than a scalpel and safer for patients Senior neurosurgeon saw patient with brain tumor recover in three days Company plans to market fiber optic tool beyond the U.S. to Europe and Asia
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi authorities executed 21 people , including three women , after they were convicted of terrorism and spent months on death row , the nation 's Ministry of Justice reported Tuesday . The prisoners were put to death on Monday in what appears to be the latest of several executions carried out by authorities in recent months , despite a United Nations call for restraint . Since November , nearly 90 people have been executed , according to the United Nations . Sixty-five of them were put to death in the first 40 days of 2012 . "  Our main concern is what were these people actually convicted of ? " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Terrorism does not tell us very much . " Stork also expressed concerns over the nation 's judicial process . "  What kind of trial did these people receive ? " he asked . "  We have unfortunately lots of experience to indicate that trials are very problematic , particularly security related trials in terms of providing defendants with the legal counsel . " Earlier this year , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said she was shocked at reports of mass executions . "  Even if the most scrupulous fair trial standards were observed , this would be a terrifying number of executions to take place in a single day , " Pillay said then . "  Most disturbingly , we do not have a single report of anyone on death row being pardoned , despite the fact there are well documented cases of confessions being extracted under duress , " Pillay said . The ministry also announced that it released 625 inmates on Monday from detention facilities across Iraq , indicating that the prisoners had completed their sentences . Meanwhile on Tuesday , six Iraqi security force members were killed by gunmen in two shootings that targeted checkpoints . In the al-Wazirya neighborhood of northeastern Baghdad , gunmen shot dead two Iraqi soldiers , authorities said . Gunmen also attacked an army checkpoint in al-Mashahda , an area north of Baghdad , with small arms fire . Four Iraqi soldiers were killed . Wave of violence in Iraq claims more than 80 lives	Prisoners were executed after terrorism convictions Prisoners put to death Monday in what appears to be latest of several executions in Iraq 65 people were put to death in the first 40 days of 2012 , U.N. says
CNN  -- Hundreds of police confronted rioters in a small Dutch town where a 16-year-old girl 's birthday party invitation on Facebook spawned a large gathering that turned destructive , authorities said Saturday . Video of the incident showed rioters hurling glass bottles and other debris at security teams in Haren , which is located 115 miles  185 kilometers  northeast of Amsterdam and is home to about 20,000 residents . Prosecutors said 34 people were arrested Friday night and Saturday morning after rioters torched at least two cars , threw stones and smashed storefront windows . Police embrace social media as crime-fighting tool At least 36 people were injured , including one police officer , according to police spokesman Paul Haedanus . One man suffered a broken jaw , he said . "  Last night , scum wreaked havoc in our community , " Haren Mayor Rob Bats told CNN affiliate NOS . "  Haren woke up this morning after a dramatic evening and night . " Bats said the incident had a "  tremendous impact , " even though authorities had been preparing for it . Earlier , the mayor had persuaded the girl 's family not to hold the party , authorities said , and unsuccessfully urged revelers not to attend . Prior to Friday 's mayhem , Oscar Dros , the town 's chief of police , said he had contacted authorities in Germany to discuss their own experiences with riots . "  An incident like the one in Haren last night is unprecedented in the Netherlands , " Dros told NOS . Prosecutors said revelers began arriving Friday afternoon , though some appeared "  ready and prepared for confrontation . " Authorities estimate that at least 3,000 people turned up for the event , and that specific "  ring leaders " had contributed to the destruction . News of the party had gone viral on social media before Friday , authorities said . There were multiple mentions of an American film called Project X , in which three high school seniors throw a birthday party that spirals out of control . On Saturday , a group called Project Clean-X Haren emerged on Facebook , which posted video of organizers wielding shovels and carrying flowers . Last year , the phenomenon emerged in other cities , including London and Philadelphia , where the city cited the culprits as members of a "  flash mob " who decided to gather at a given place via e-mail and social media . Were you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	Video of the incident showed rioters hurling glass bottles and other debris at police Haren is located about 115 miles northeast of Amsterdam and is home to some 20,000 residents At least 36 people were injured , including one police officer Prosecutors say 34 people were arrested Friday night and into Saturday morning
North Korea is closing its borders to international tourists because of concerns about Ebola , tour agencies specializing in the country were told . Beijing-based Koryo Tours and Young Pioneers Tours issued statements Thursday saying they received news "  from our partners in Pyongyang " that international tourists will not be allowed to enter North Korea , starting Friday . "  It is presently unknown how long this closure will be in effect for but we are hopeful that our planned tours in November and December will take place , " Koryo Tours said . KCNA , the country 's state-run news agency , said North Korea is taking "  preventive measures " Friday to "  control the infection by Ebola . " It stated that travelers would "  undergo more thorough-going check and quarantine ... than ever before . " North Korea 's public health agencies are "  regularly examining all people in order to rapidly confirm people suspicious of having contracted the disease and taking measures to treat them , " KCNA reported . The report did not state explicitly that it was closing its borders to international tourists . It remains unclear if business travelers to North Korea will be affected . In recent years , North Korea has become an increasingly popular destination for international tourists , including Americans , despite a U.S. State Department warning not to travel there because of the recent detentions of its citizens . This is not the first time North Korea is restricting its borders because of disease concerns . In 2003 , the country temporarily shut its borders as the SARS epidemic swept eastern Asia . Currently , there are no reported Ebola cases in Asia . Six West African countries , including Mali , have been hit by the virus , which the World Health Organization reported has killed more than 4,800 people . Most of the deaths have been in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . But fears about Ebola 's spread have mounted since the infections of health care workers in the United States and Spain . Complete Ebola coverage	Tour groups to N. Korea say that starting Friday , nation is n't allowing international tourists in KCNA : Travelers will "  undergo more thorough-going check and quarantine ... than ever before " No cases of Ebola have been reported in Asia
LONDON , England -- A Colombian sculptor has created a mystery at London 's Tate Modern gallery by refusing to reveal how she seemingly managed to crack open a concrete floor . "  Shibboleth " is Colombian artist Doris Salcedo 's first public commission in the United Kingdom . The work by Doris Salcedo begins as a hairline crack then widens and deepens as it snakes across the full 167 meters  548 feet  of the former power station 's Turbine Hall . Salcedo said "  Shibboleth , " a statement about racism , took her more than a year to make but has revealed little else about its construction . She apparently created it elsewhere and spent the past five weeks installing it in the Tate , on the south bank of the River Thames . She refused to say how she managed seemingly to crack open a concrete floor . "  What is important is the meaning of the piece . The making of it is not important , " she said . Asked how deep the crack goes , she replied : "  It 's bottomless . It 's as deep as humanity . " Visitors meanwhile are warned not to trip on the crack . Tate director Nicholas Serota insisted the work was no optical illusion . "  This sculpture has been made in the most painstaking , meticulous way by Doris and her team before it was slowly inserted into the Turbine Hall , " he told the Press Association . "  It has taken five weeks of work here with very considerable disruption to the hall . It 's not an illusion - it 's there , it 's real . "  From the Tate 's point of view , there were only two questions : could we realize it in the way Doris envisaged ? And once the piece was created , would it damage the structural integrity of the building forever ? "  The answer to the first was yes , and to the second was no . " He declined to elaborate further . The installation will be removed next April by filling in the crack . Serota said : "  There is a crack , there is a line , and eventually there will be a scar and that scar will remain . It will remain as a memory of the work and also as a memorial to the issues Doris touches on . " The artist said the work of art represents the gap between white Europeans and the rest of humanity . Wire mesh is on show because it is "  the most common means of control used to define borders and divisions . " Salcedo said of the work : "  It represents borders , the experience of immigrants , the experience of segregation , the experience of racial hatred . "  It is the experience of a Third World person coming into the heart of Europe . "  For example , the space which illegal immigrants occupy is a negative space . And so this piece is a negative space . " E-mail to a friend	Work by Colombian sculptor at London 's Tate Modern is crack in concrete floor Doris Salcedo refuses to reveal how she created the huge work of art "  Shibboleth " represents gap between white Europeans and the rest of humanity
Fourth seed Elena Dementieva avoided an embarrassing early exit when comeback queen Jelena Dokic 's French Open hopes were ended by a back injury on Thursday . Jelena Dokic was left in tears after being forced to retire hurt against Elena Dementieva at the French Open . Dokic , taking part in her first French Open since 2004 following well-documented family problems , won the first set 6-2 and -- after her first break for treatment -- broke the 2004 finalist to lead 3-2 in their second round clash . But the Russian won the next two games as the tearful former world No. 4 was reduced to walking pace before calling it quits . "  I went for a return and I just went down and could n't get back up , " she said . "  It 's very painful and very disappointing because I felt as if I had the match in my hands . " Dokic , now ranked 80th after reviving her career with a run to the quarter-finals of the Australian Open in January , had won her opening match on Tuesday when she came back from a set down to beat Slovenia 's Karolina Sprem 3-6 6-1 6-2 . The 26-year-old 's career had nosedived following her highly-publicized split from controversial mentor and father Damir . Dementieva will next play Australian 30th seed Samantha Stosur , who won her second-round match in straight sets against Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer . Earlier on Thursday , the Williams sisters also progressed through to the third round with contrasting victories . Second seed Serena crushed Virginia Ruano Pascual 6-2 6-0 to set up a clash with another unseeded Spaniard , Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez . Third seed Venus survived a scare against unseeded Czech Lucie Safarova before completing a match that was halted on Wednesday night due to bad light . The American saved a match point at 5-4 down in the third set before managing to hold , break her opponent and then serve out to love for a 6-7  5-7  6-2 7-5 success . Venus , who lost the 2002 final to Serena , will next play Hungarian 29th seed Agnes Szavay . Fifth seed Jelena Jankovic had no such troubles in beating Magdalena Rybarikova of Slovakia 6-1 6-2 , setting up a third-round clash with unseeded Austrian Jarmila Groth . Seventh-seeded Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova also advanced along with Danish 10th seed Caroline Wozniacki , but 13th seed Marion Bartoli of France made a surprise exit . The 2007 Wimbledon finalist lost 6-3 7-5 to Tathiana Garbin of Italy , who will next take on unseeded Virginie Razzano of France .	Jelena Dokic 's emotional French Open comeback ended by a back injury Former world No. 4 was in tears before walking off the court at Roland Garros She had led Elena Dementieva 6-2 3-2 in her first Paris outing since 2004 But she called it quits after Russian fourth seed won the next two games
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has been crowned world footballer of the year for a third successive time after claiming FIFA 's Ballon d'Or award at a ceremony in Zurich . The Argentina forward beat Barcelona teammate Xavi and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo to the prestigious title . Messi , 24 , becomes only the fourth player in history to claim three awards , matching the feat of current UEFA president Michel Platini and Dutch duo Johan Cruyff and Marco van Basten . "  It 's a great personal pleasure for me , " Messi said , after receiving his award . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? "  It 's the third time I 've won it . It 's just an amazing honor . I want to thank everyone that 's been involved with me -- my team-mates , trainers , physios , the coach  Pep Guardiola  and everyone at Barcelona . "  I 'd also like to thank the Argentina national team as well . " Messi enjoyed another glittering year with Barcelona , winning the Spanish league title , the European Champions League , the UEFA Super Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup . Rooney defiant as Man City appeal Kompany red card Xavi , who also missed out on the Ballon d'Or behind Messi last year , said his teammate could be one of the best footballers the game has ever seen . He told the ceremony : "  He 's still young , only 24 , and I think he 's going to break all the records that exist in this sport . He 's going to be one of the best footballers in the history of the sport . " Messi 's club manager Pep Guardiola was crowned manager of the year for masterminding victories in four separate competitions , including the FIFA Club World Club which confirmed Barcelona as the best team on the planet . He said : "  I want to dedicate this award to the thousands of people who , through more than a hundred years , have worked for FC Barcelona and helped develop one of the best clubs in the world . "  It 's a privilege and an honor for me to be a part of this excellent , amazing club . " Brazilian striker Neymar , who plays in his home country for Santos , was named winner of the FIFA Puskas Award , named after legendary Hungary striker Ferenc Puskas , for the goal of the year . Japan 's Homare Sawa was crowned FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year after she captained her country to the Women 's World Cup title in Germany , while her manager Norio Sasaki was named coach of the year for women 's football . FIFA also selected their team of the year : Iker Casillas  Real Madrid  , Dani Alves  Barcelona  , Gerard PiquÃ ©  Barcelona  , Sergio Ramos  Real Madrid  , Nemanja Vidic  Manchester Utd  , AndrÃ © s Iniesta  Barcelona  , Xabi Alonso  Real Madrid  , Xavi  Barcelona  , Lionel Messi  Barcelona  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Real Madrid  , Wayne Rooney  Manchester Utd  .	Lionel Messi crowned world footballer of the year after winning Ballon d'Or award Barcelona and Argentina striker claims the award for the third successive year Messi won four titles with Barcelona in 2011 including the Champions League Messi 's club manager at Barcelona , Pep Guardiola , is named coach of the year
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's new lawyer has a white rabbit 's foot hanging from the handle of his Louis Vuitton briefcase . "  That 's for good luck , " Mark Heller said . "  Lindsay Lohan is a great beauty with tremendous talent and I believe that all she really needs in life is a little bit of luck . " A receptive judge , cooperative prosecutors and a good lawyer might help . But after six drama-filled years through the Los Angeles criminal court system , starting with two drunken driving convictions in 2007 , Lohan may have exhausted her supply of those . She has appeared in court at least 20 times before four Los Angeles judges who found her in violation of probation five times and sentenced her to a total of six months in jail . Photos : Celebrity mug shots The actress faces a March 18 trial that includes charges of lying to a police officer about a car crash , reckless driving and violating her probation for a shoplifting conviction . Lohan did face a receptive judge at a pretrial hearing Wednesday . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner is the same one who found her guilty of stealing a necklace from a jewelry store and violating probation two years ago . She praised Lohan for completing the terms of her sentence a year ago when she lifted her supervised probation . Sautner retires next month , so another judge -- yet to be determined -- will preside over her trial . There are two prosecutors , including one from Santa Monica , where the car crash happened last June , and another from the Los Angeles city attorney 's office , which is overseeing the shoplifting probation . While they 've not taken a public position , several media reports -- not confirmed by CNN -- have said they want Lohan to spend at least six months in confinement . SXSW passes on Lindsay Lohan 's ` Canyons ' ? Heller , who met with the prosecutors for the first time Wednesday , said they seemed to be "  very much interested in serving justice . " What would justice be in this case ? Past justice for Lohan has included less than two weeks behind bars in her six trips to the Los Angeles County jail . Measures to relieve jail overcrowding led to her release after just hours in all but one of those visits . Lohan did spend 35 days confined to her Venice , California , home . She also served about 67 days of community service , mostly working at the L.A. County morgue . "  Justice always has to be tempered with mercy and jail is not always the answer , " Heller said . "  When people find themselves coming before the court , there 's usually a very serious underlying reason and cause . " In fact , Lohan acknowledged her drug and alcohol addiction in past court appearances . She 's spent 250 days in five rehab facilities since January 2007 , including one long court-ordered rehab stint after a failed drug test . Her father has been urging Lohan to enter rehab voluntarily ahead of her trial , hoping that would satisfy the judge and prosecutors . Lindsay Lohan : The reality show we do n't want to watch Heller said it was premature for him to talk about a plea deal with the prosecutors since he just got the case file Wednesday . While her previous lawyer , Shawn Holley , entered a not guilty plea on Lohan 's behalf two weeks ago , Heller did not go as far as to suggest to reporters that she did not lie to police or violate her probation . Lohan took the bold move of firing Holley , who steered her through her many legal troubles over the past few years . She appeared reluctant , however , in court Wednesday when Judge Sautner asked her if she wanted to replace Holley . "  Today , yes , " Lohan answered . Sautner approved the switch to Heller , a New York lawyer for 44 years , with the exception of a five-year suspension from practicing law for bar rules violations . Pitbull : LiLo does n't even live here anymore "  This is not the most complex case we 've ever seen , " Sautner said . But it could send Lohan to jail again . Sautner warned her a year ago that any violation of the law could mean she would have to serve 245 days in jail -- the remainder of her suspended sentence from a shoplifting conviction . While critics have panned Lohan 's recent dramatic appearances as an actress -- her recent portrayal of Elizabeth Taylor is exhibit A -- defendant Lohan has consistently delivered drama . She caught a late flight from New York Tuesday night to be in Los Angeles for court Wednesday morning despite sending a doctor 's note that said she was too sick to travel . "  Glad to see you 're feeling better , " Sautner told Lohan . "  Thank you , " Lohan replied . Heller told the judge that her doctor diagnosed an upper respiratory condition . "  In New York , it 's the flu , " he said . "  No , it is n't , " said Sautner , who was an NYPD detective in a previous career . "  The flu is the flu . " Still , the judge overlooked the issue , even saying that Lohan does not have to attend future hearings or even the trial , since it is misdemeanor case . Lohan proved she can still draw a crowd of paparazzi to court . Dozens of photographers captured her walk from the limo into the courthouse . And she was dressed appropriately for a media event , wearing a Chanel dress and her traditional red-soled Louboutin stilettos . "  She will rise to the occasion and I think she 'll be fine , " Heller told reporters . Lindsay Lohan : Keep me on set , it 's safer that way	NEW : No plea deals have been discussed yet , her new lawyer says A Los Angeles judge sets the trial start for March 18 The actress is accused of lying to a police officer and a probation violation A conviction could mean 245 days in jail for Lohan
CNN  -- On Thursday , the "  Fight for $ 15 " enters a new phase , with strikes and demonstrations at fast-food restaurants not only in up to 150 cities across the United States but also in about 30 nations across the globe . Fast-food workers can already claim their first major victory right here at home . Recently , Seattle Mayor Ed Murray announced a plan to gradually lift the city 's minimum wage to $ 15 . As a result , 100,000 workers in the city -- including nearly every fast-food worker -- will get a raise . From a worker 's point of view , the agreement , expected to be passed by the City Council in coming weeks , is not perfect . Businesses with as many as 500 employees , for example , will have until 2019 to guarantee their workers $ 15 an hour in total compensation , and until 2021 to pay a full $ 15 in hourly wages . No doubt some businesses within this category could sustain a faster increase . Nor does the agreement mean that fast-food and other workers will be able to freely form a union at their workplaces , a critical step in solidifying wage gains made through policy and guaranteeing other core benefits such as fair work schedules and sick leave . But this should not detract from what Seattle 's workers and their advocates have accomplished -- thanks in large part to the fast-food worker strikes and the groundswell of local support it generated . Check out the minimum wage in your state To date , the corporate leaders of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Restaurant Association -- McDonald 's , Burger King and Wendy 's among them -- have greeted every proposal for a minimum wage of even $ 10 with dire predictions of economic chaos and a fusillade of lobbying cash to squash them . But businesses have never had uniform views on wages . Polling by the Small Business Majority reveals that 57 % of small businesses support raising the minimum wage . Thousands of Main Street businesses -- and larger firms -- voluntarily choose to pay their workers more because it lowers employee turnover , improves performance and generates spending in their own stores . These fissures in the business community have become open cracks in Seattle . Although Maud Daudon , president of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce , was one of only three members of the mayor 's Advisory Committee on income equality not to vote for the wage agreement , 10 other business leaders on the committee did . The businesses these individuals represent span companies as large as Fortune 300 member Nucor Steel and as modest as Tutta Bella , a local pizzeria . Undoubtedly , some business representatives on the mayor 's advisory group are backing a $ 15 wage out of pragmatism rather than principle . Seattle worker groups and advocates are well-organized and enjoy the support of the mayor , the entire City Council and most Seattle residents ; better to participate and be able to shape the final contours of the inevitable wage increase than oppose the process entirely . Nevertheless , businesses are n't charities , as conservatives like to say , and so the fact that a spectrum of Seattle businesses have signed off on a $ 15 minimum wage undercuts opponents ' predictions of business closures and mass layoffs -- for if that were the inevitable result of the increase , why would Seattle 's businesses swallow such a pill voluntarily ? Real-life wage increases in other cities show that Seattle 's businesses are in fact being quite rational . The San Jose Downtown Association reports that in the year since San Jose raised its minimum wage , business has grown by 3 % -- about 10,000 new businesses were registered -- unemployment has dropped from 7.6 % to 6.3 % , and the cost of enforcing the new wage has been negligible . And if Seattle can sustain $ 15 , why not other cities ? Movements are afoot in San Francisco , Oakland , Los Angeles , San Diego , Chicago , New York and Washington to raise those cities ' minimum wages well above the $ 10.10 mark that congressional Democrats and President Barack Obama are pushing nationally . Opponents of wage increases will be quick to paint Seattle as an outlier , but business conditions in all of these cities -- and many others -- are comparable enough to Seattle that there is no reason why they ca n't absorb a similarly gradual increase to $ 15 . See who the May 15 protesters are In the end , the outcome in Seattle demonstrates what history has proved time and time again : When workers are well-organized and there is broad support for higher wages , even businesses that resist the idea are ultimately forced to pay more -- and they adjust . After experiencing years of wage stagnation while the wealthiest make money hand over fist , middle and working class Americans are rightfully insisting on a larger share of the nation 's prosperity . In years past , the corporate establishment may have been able to subdue this agitation with references to "  job creators " and patronizing warnings against "  hurting those you want to help . " But Americans -- low-wage workers , middle class families and even many business owners -- have had enough . The movement to create a decent life and a truly sustainable economy for us all can no longer be stifled . Look out : The wall of resistance to a $ 15 an hour minimum wage has been breached -- and the flood is coming to your city , too .	Fast-food and low wage workers in up to 150 U.S. cities , 30 nations will protest Thursday Seattle 's mayor introduced plan to gradually lift the city 's minimum wage to $ 15 Writers : Corporations fight any increase , but many businesses agree with hike in wage It has worked in other cities , they say ; wage will be raised and businesses will adjust
CNN  -- The family of a woman killed during a shooting rampage at the Washington Navy Yard filed a federal claim Friday against the government , alleging the Department of the Navy and the Department of Veterans Affairs ignored numerous warnings about the gunman 's unstable mental state . Attorneys are seeking $ 37.5 million on behalf of Mary DeLorenzo Knight 's estate and her two daughters , according to a copy of the administrative claim provided to CNN . Knight , 51 , was one of 12 people killed on September 16 when authorities say Aaron Alexis opened fire at the Navy Yard . Alexis was killed by police . The FBI has said Alexis , a contractor who had been discharged from the Navy , was under "  the delusional belief that he was being controlled or influence by extremely low frequency electromagnetic waves " in the days leading up to the shooting . The Knight claim alleges the Navy and the VA missed a numerous "  red flags " that Alexis presented a foreseeable risk , citing his run-ins with authorities where his mental health was called into question . The claim alleges the Navy should have known that Alexis exhibited a pattern of "  emotionally unstable behavior , " citing his general discharge in 2011 for misconduct . It also cited three arrests , dating back to 2004 when he was arrested in Seattle , accused of shooting out the tires of a man 's truck in an anger-fueled "  blackout . " His father told Seattle police in 2004 that his son was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after taking part in 9/11 rescue efforts , according to police records . The claim accuses the VA of failing to diagnose and hospitalize Alexis , who "  sought assistance for mental illness " at a VA hospital on August 23 . It alleges Alexis reported symptoms of paranoia to the VA hospital . The VA declined to comment on the claim , referring questions to the Justice Department . "  We are working closely with the Department of Justice to address this claim . But as an ongoing action , it would be inappropriate to comment any further , " said Lt. Robert Myers , a Navy spokesman . Such a claim is a possible precursor to a lawsuit . Under the law , the federal government must determine whether the claim has merit . If the government determines it does n't , the claimant can then file suit . "  There is generally a six-month waiting period " with such a claim , said the Knight family attorney Clifford S. Gibbons . "  But we are n't waiting six months . We 'll file in about two weeks . "	NEW : Navy says it can not comment on "  ongoing action " Mary DeLorenzo Knight , 51 , was killed in the rampage at the Washington Navy Yard Knight 's family filed a federal claim seeking $ 37.5 million Authorities have said Aaron Alexis was "  delusional " before he opened fire
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Russian billionaire and former KGB agent is buying a controlling stake in the venerable Evening Standard , the London newspaper announced Wednesday . The Evening Standard was sold for the token sum of # 1 . Alexander Lebedev , 49 , already owns the independent Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta , one of the few pro-democracy newspapers in Russia . Lebedev is buying the Evening Standard for # 1 , or $ 1.38 , a spokesman for the deal told CNN . While it sounds like a steal , the purchase price is more symbolic than reflective of the paper 's worth . With it , Lebedev also assumes the unprofitable paper 's debts . The Standard reported it is the first time a Russian business magnate and former member of a foreign intelligence service has owned a British title . Lebedev told The Guardian newspaper this month that he read the Evening Standard when he was a spy working at the Soviet Embassy in London in the late 1980s . "  I had to read every newspaper , " he told The Guardian . "  I had to read the FT  Financial Times  , The Guardian , Standard , and the Daily Mail . " Lebedev said the Standard was "  a very good newspaper " with some "  brilliant journalists . " The oligarch said he had no intention of interfering in British politics and vowed a hands-off approach , telling The Guardian , "  My influence would be next to zero . " Top management of Daily Mail and General Trust  DMGT  , which is selling its controlling interest to Lebedev , said the move ensures continued investment in the 182-year-old paper . "  We believe that the agreement announced today is in the best interests of the staff and our shareholders , " said Martin Morgan , chief executive of DMGT . "  The investment planned by Mr. Lebedev secures the future of the paper . " Lebedev owns 49 percent of Novaya Gazeta together with former Russian President Mikhail Gorbachev . A journalist from the newspaper was killed Monday in Moscow when she tried to intervene in the fatal shooting of a Russian human rights lawyer , Russian media reported . In addition to owning Novaya Gazeta , Lebedev is also chairman of the board of the National Reserve Corporation , which is the majority shareholder in National Reserve Bank , one of Russia 's largest . Lebedev also owns 30 percent of Russian airline Aeroflot and shares in finance and energy companies , including Russian energy giant Gazprom . After serving in the Russian parliament , the Duma , Lebedev formed a new political party last September . The Independent Democratic Party of Russia campaigns for legal and economic reform , a stronger role for parliament , and the expansion of Russia 's independent media . Lebedev is purchasing the Evening Standard with his son , Evgeny , 28 . "  The Lebedev family is delighted to be investing in the Evening Standard , " Lebedev said in a statement . "  We are strong supporters of a free and independent press and we greatly admire the Evening Standard as an iconic publication with its pedigree of fine journalism and commentary . " Evgeny Lebedev already has hefty business dealings in London and elsewhere in Europe . He owns stakes in several London restaurants , he runs a men 's fashion company that has shows at Paris Men 's Fashion Week , and he has interests in hotels in Italy , France , and Switzerland . Forbes Magazine listed Alexander Lebedev as the world 's 358th-richest person last year , worth $ 3.1 billion . Forbes said Lebedev made most of his money through investments in banking and insurance companies and in Aeroflot .	London paper Evening Standard will be owned by billionaire Alexander Lebedev Russian ex-KGB agent owns independent Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta Lebedev paid # 1 for London title , reflecting the paper 's lack of profitablilty
LONDON , England -- Scientists in the U.S. are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes . The WHO has reported that around half of the world 's population is at risk of malaria . The laser , which has been dubbed a "  weapon of mosquito destruction " fires at mosquitoes once it detects the audio frequency created by the beating of its wings . The laser beam then destroys the mosquito , burning it on the spot . Developed by some of the astrophysicists involved in what was known as the "  Star Wars " anti-missile programs during the Cold War , the project is meant to prevent the spread of malaria . Lead scientist on the project , Dr. Jordin Kare , told CNN that the laser would be able to sweep an area and "  toast millions of mosquitoes in a few minutes . " Malaria is a life-threatening disease caused by parasites that are transmitted to people from the bites of female mosquitoes . It is particularly prevalent in tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world and kills an African child every 30 seconds , according to the World Health Organization . There are an estimated 300 million acute cases of malaria each year globally , resulting in more than one million deaths , the WHO reports . Responding to questions about any potential harm the laser could pose to the eco-system , Kare said : "  There is no such thing as a good mosquito , there 's nothing that feeds exclusively on them . No one would miss mosquitoes , " he said . "  In any case , " he added . "  The laser is able to distinguish between mosquitoes that go after people and those that are n't dangerous . What remains to be seen is how precise we can get . " He added that other insects would not be affected by the laser 's beam . Kare said the lasers could be mounted on lamp post-type poles and put around the circumference of villages , to create a kind of "  fence " against mosquitoes . The research was commissioned by Intellectual Ventures , a Washington , U.S.-based company that was founded by Nathan Myhrvold , a former Microsoft Corporation executive . His previous boss , Bill Gates , who funded the research , asked Myhrvold to look into new ways of combating malaria .	Scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes The system has been developed to tackle the spread of malaria Around one million people die of malaria each year , according to the WHO
CNN  -- A 9-year-old girl was laid to rest Wednesday as a 15-year-old girl , described as an acquaintance , was in court on charges she carried out the younger girl 's murder Elizabeth Olten was coming home from a friend 's house last week in St. Martins , Missouri , when she disappeared . Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck , when the Cole County Sheriff 's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer . It did n't lead them to a stranger , a child predator or a convicted sex offender -- avenues police had originally considered because of Olten 's age Instead , it led them to a 15-year-old girl who , according to Peggy Florence , a family spokeswoman , had played with Olten . The girl then led police to the body -- which was found in an area authorities searched before , the sheriff 's department said , but was hidden so well they had n't seen it . Authorities said both physical evidence and some written evidence led to the suspect 's arrest . She has been charged with first-degree murder . On Wednesday , Olten 's family looked towards closure as two drastically different scenes unfolded in Missouri . Olten 's family and friends watched as two white horses pulled her casket in a glass hearse . Hours earlier , a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court . Authorities have not released the suspect 's name . Authorities released few details about the case , though they said an autopsy was conducted Saturday . The Olten family spent the day of Elizabeth 's funeral remembering a very special little girl and mourning their loss , choosing to celebrate her life , instead of attending the court hearing of the teen accused of killing her . After the funeral ceremony , they released pink balloons , in honor of Elizabeth Olten 's favorite color . For them , it was about their little girl -- the one who was always ready with a bright smile . "  She wanted to be a mother , she wanted to love others and take care of others , " family spokeswoman Florence told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  She was just a lovely child -- she never met an animal she did n't love and dress up and play with . " She loved to dress up and put on fancy dresses , Florence said , even in the snow and the mud . "  She was a beautiful little girly girl , " Florence said . "  She had everyone 's heart . "	15-year-old suspect accused planning , carrying out murder of 9-year-old Elizabeth Olten disappeared after returning home from friends house in Missouri Olten , 9 , and suspect had played together before , family spokeswoman says Judge will be deciding whether to charge suspect as an adult or juvenile
CNN  -- Robin Williams gave a lot of advice . Whether in character or as himself , he was universally perceived as someone who knew things the rest of us had somehow missed . He often suggested reaching out for help , and from what we know , he took his own advice more than once . Whether on reaching out or fighting indifference , his words carry as much power now as they ever did . In 2013 , Williams participated in a question and answer session on the social media site Reddit . He spoke on a variety of topics , from the kind of animal he would be  a dolphin  to his recipe for success . Q : Robin , your movie "  Good Morning Vietnam ' inspired me to become a broadcaster . Any advice you would give to my fellow radio hosts and myself ? A : Enjoy the time ! If your intent is to pursue this once you get out of the service , see if you keep going once you get out . And know that you mean something . Q : What do you believe is the key to life ? A : Once again : family and friends . And a good pet . For pure loyalty there is nothing like a pug . Q : What is , in your opinion , the recipe to success ? A : Truly loving what you do . Because there will be good days and bad days . Q : College tips for a freshman ? A : Eat ramen , and also , do n't wait until the day before the final to cram for the test  which is what I did for my economics final  . Q : Any advice out there for people like me who may be going through bad times themselves , for whatever reasons ? A : Reach out to friends . They 're out there . And know that you are loved . Spoiler alert : Video clips below may reveal key plot points . ` Good Will Hunting ' As a therapist in "  Good Will Hunting , " Williams plays a psychologist helping a brilliant but troubled young man find his identity . In this scene , Williams and his client , played by Matt Damon , speak about the myth of perfection in a scene that had even the cameraman laughing . "  People call these things imperfections . But they 're not . That 's the good stuff . And then we get to choose who we let in to our weird little worlds . You 're not perfect , sport . And let me save you the suspense . This girl you met , she 's is n't perfect either . But the question is whether you 're perfect for each other . That 's the whole deal . That 's what intimacy is all about . " Watch : http://youtu.be/z8mn3nLPSMY Another moment occurs as Williams ' and Damon 's characters speak about the experience of love vs. the idea of love . "  If I ever asked you about love , you 'd probably quote me a sonnet . But you 've never looked a woman and been totally vulnerable , " and later when speaking about his wife who died of cancer , "  You do n't know about real loss , because that only occurs when you love something more than you love yourself . I doubt you 've ever dared to love anybody that much . " Watch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM-gZintWDc ` Dead Poets Society ' In this scene from "  Dead Poets Society , " Williams , playing an unconventional English professor at an exclusive boys ' school , dares his students to think independently and embrace the power of the poetry they 're studying . "  No matter what anybody else tells you , words and ideas can change the world . We do n't read and write poetry because it 's cute . We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race . And the human race is filled with passion . Medicine , law business , engineering , these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life . But poetry , beauty , romance , love , these are what we stay alive for . " Watch : http://youtu.be/-VUV2Yl8gsI In the same film , he offers this advice on finding a voice : "  We must constantly look at things in a different way . ... You must strive to find your own voice . Because the longer you wait to begin , the less likely you are to find it at all . " Watch : http://youtu.be/Ba7MVmzQicY ` The Fisher King ' In this scene from "  The Fisher King , " Williams plays a homeless "  knight " intent on saving and comforting the forgotten . His speech is aimed at two youths beating up a troubled character played by Jeff Bridges . "  There 's three things in this world you need : Respect for all kinds of life , a nice bowel movement on a regular basis and a navy blazer . One more thing : Never take your eye off the ball . " Watch : http://youtu.be/tgyLooq4qpk ` Awakenings ' Williams plays a doctor who has , at least temporarily , helped patients come out of decades-long catatonic states . Far from viewing the experiment as a failure , in this scene , he summarizes what he and his patients learned . "  That the human spirit is more powerful than any drug . And that is what needs to be nourished . Work , play , friendship , family . These are the things that matter . This is what we 've forgotten . " Watch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKLyhUgAA58 ` Patch Adams ' This scene not only contains a bonus appearance by Phillip Seymour Hoffman , it features an impassioned Williams speaking about empowering patients and being a doctor who offers treatment and comfort . "  What 's wrong with death , sir ? What are we so mortally afraid of ? Why ca n't we treat death with a certain amount of humanity and dignity and decency and , God forbid , maybe even humor . Death is not the enemy , gentlemen . If we 're going to fight a disease , let 's fight the most terrible of all , indifference . Now , I 've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference and professional distance . Transference is inevitable , sir . Every human being has an impact on another . " Watch : http://youtu.be/Pr9ruvxA3K4 ` Jack ' Jack Powell may be a young man , but his unusual aging disorder will cut his life short . In a graduation speech , he offers this advice . "  Please do n't worry so much . Because in the end , none of us have very long on this Earth . Life is fleeting . And if you 're ever distressed , cast your eyes to the summer sky , when the stars are strung across the velvety night , and when shooting star streaks through the blackness , turning night into day , make a wish . Think of me . Make your life spectacular . I know I did . " Watch : http://youtu.be/CJrnuZmWQek Complete coverage on Robin Williams	Robin Williams was often asked for advice Family and friends were always important "  Know that you are loved , " Williams said
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard has called off its search for as many as 79 Haitians missing after a boat capsized near the Turks and Caicos Islands , a spokeswoman said early Thursday . The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti . The vessel overturned Monday with about 200 onboard , said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . Authorities rescued 113 passengers and found nine bodies , Johnson said . A nurse at a hospital in the Turks and Caicos said about 70 people were taken there , including four who had died . Five people were admitted to the hospital , and the others had minor injuries , the nurse said . The boat 's occupants were migrants from Haiti , according to the Coast Guard . The overcrowded vessel was thought to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien , the Turks and Caicos Sun newspaper reported . The Coast Guard contributed one boat -- a 210-foot cutter Valiant -- and three aircraft to the search , Johnson said . Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes " Turks and Caicos authorities were using small boats , she said . The British territory is about 550 miles southeast of Miami , Florida . Haiti , which shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic , is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere .	U.S. Coast Guard has called off its search for as many as 79 Haitians Vessel overturned Monday near Turks and Caicos Islands with about 200 onboard Overcrowded vessel thought to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien
London  CNN  -- Something strange is going on in Britain . Some of the biggest TV stars of the 20th century are donning luscious wigs and scaring the wits out of children . And Queen Elizabeth is n't in a position to stop them either -- she 's guilty of joining in herself . Overweight men are squeezing themselves into dresses , young women are prancing about on stage incessantly slapping their own thighs , and everywhere families are wildly screaming "  He 's behind you ! " It does n't make any sense . But then , that 's pantomime -- or "  panto " as the British fondly refer to it -- a musical comedy unleashed across theaters every Christmas season and like nothing you 've ever seen before . Imagine your favorite childhood fairy tale -- "  Peter Pan , " "  Cinderella , " or "  Robin Hood . " Now subvert it with cross-dressing , topical references , audience participation , big song and dance routines , and you 've pretty much got the idea . Small stage , big names But wait . What 's this ? Recently panto has been getting a celebrity makeover . Once the realm of local actors , now international stars are getting involved . Henry Winkler , better known as "  The Fonz , " from TV show "  Happy Days , " and David Hasselhoff , better known as , er , "  The Hoff , " are wearing Renaissance wigs , badly drawn mustaches , and 45 kilograms of embroidered velvet as they bring to life one of the most infamous panto characters of all -- Hook . "  For me , there 's no other part , " said 68-year-old Winkler , who has been playing the Peter Pan villain since 2006 , resurrecting him again at London 's Richmond Theater this year . "  All of a sudden you just hear the tiniest voice on the planet either yelling ` Booooo ' or ` Peter ! He 's behind yoooouuu . ' Then when Peter is banishing me from Neverland you hear this voice go ` Yay ! ' and I turn to where it 's coming from and say ` Well , I did n't like you much either . ' It 's just great . " Read this : Step inside master clown 's fairy tale home And it 's true , one of the great joys of panto is seeing the audience erupt with lines that have been passed down through generations ; youngsters standing on their seats to yell "  Oh yes he is ! " while parents laugh at the sexual innuendo flying just above their heads . "  It 's not the kind of theater-going experience where you have to sit still and shut up and feel that you have to be very educated to understand , " said professor Katherine Newey , chair in theater history at the University of Exeter . "  I think one of the joys of seeing it with children is that you 've got an excuse to be a child again . " English eccentricity Not even Queen Elizabeth is immune to the magic of panto , with a treasure trove of old photos recently revealing she wore her own curly wig when she played the male lead of Prince Florizel in a palace production of "  Cinderella " in 1941 . Swimming in lace ruffles and silk knickerbockers , the then-15-year-old Elizabeth starred opposite her 11-year-old sister Margaret -- who took the title role . "  It 's the one opportunity for us to let our hair down , " said Newey . "  It seems like this weird , eccentrically British thing -- so of course we keep doing it because part of our national self-image is taking delight in being a bit odd and eccentric . "  Yes , the pantomime dame is a man dressed as a woman . Yes , the princip boy , the hero , that 's a woman dressed up in tights and knee-high boots , slapping her thigh . Obviously . " Happy Days And then there 's the larger-than-life villain . Enter The Fonz . "  Everyone who is 35-and-up recognizes me from ` Happy Days , ' said Winkler , today a grandfather-of-three . "  And they can call me The Fonz all they want because they have also gone with me on my journey -- I 've never been restricted in my career by it , " adds the man who tells me that over his career he 's produced 19 years of TV series if you watched them back-to-back , and in 2011 received an Order of the British Empire for his work with dyslexic children after also suffering from the condition . Read this : 342 takes for one movie scene The native New Yorker admits he never heard of panto before getting involved . But now he 's , ahem , hooked . "  It 's the story of Peter Pan with Vaudeville in the middle -- it 's like chocolate candy with this delicious melted syrup in the center , " said Winkler . "  As Hook , I 'm wearing about 100 pounds of velvet , I 'm wearing a King James wig with curls down to my shoulders , I 'm wearing a hat . If you do n't make that animated , you will get swallowed up and then I would just be lost . So the movement is very calculated . It 's a very important part of bringing the character to life . " Rich tradition Today , panto is seen as a uniquely Christmas tradition , but it was n't always the case . "  Pantomime as we know it now really emerges in the second half of the 19th century , " said Newey . "  The original pantomimes had an opening scene , generally a fairy tale , with characters which wore these big masks and were often quite satirical of contemporary politics or events . " When Victorian writer Charles Dickens began writing about Christmas and pantomime , the two became cemented in the national psyche , with panto even spreading to other Commonwealth nations . And with many Britons having Boxing Day -- December 26 -- off work , it became an ideal time of year to enjoy the show . With The Fonz and The Hoff now tackling panto , does that finally make it cool ? "  I never knew it was n't , " says Winkler .	Cross-dressing , audience participation , dance routines . It 's got to be "  panto " Unique British Christmas tradition sees classic fairy tales brought to life onstage International stars are getting involved , including Henry Winkler and David Hasselhoff Queen Elizabeth II dressed as a prince , in palace production during teenage years
EW.com  -- Kirk Cameron wants us to all to know that he loves "  all people " and hates "  no one . " In fact , he 's not guilty of hate speech at all , the "  Growing Pains " star said in an appearance on the "  Today " show this morning . The devout Christian and father of six stopped by to talk about his new movie "  Monumental " and try to put out the fire started by his recent controversial comments about homosexuality . "  When you take a subject and reduce it to a four-second sound bite and a checkmark on a ballot , I think that 's inappropriate and insensitive , " he said of how he unintentionally ignited the controversy . In fact , Cameron stands by his comments and insists he 's not a bully . "  I was surprised , frankly , that people were surprised by the things that I 've said , " Cameron told host Ann Curry . "  I have been consistent for 15 years as a Christian . I 'm a Bible-believing Christian . What I would have thought was more newsworthy is if I had said something that contradicted the word of God , if I had contradicted my faith . " When asked if his comments might encourage people to terrorize homosexuals , he responded , "  Nobody should mistreat anybody . We all have our convictions formed by different things and mine are informed by my faith . They 're formed by the word of God , and I found that to be an anchor for me , a compass , and a guide for me . When people start bullying one another and calling each other names for those different convictions , then I think you get into problems . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kirk Cameron said on the "  Today " show that he 's not guilty of hate speech The "  Growing Pains " star recently made controversial comments about homosexuality Cameron : "  I was surprised , frankly , that people were surprised by the things that I 've said "
The UK Independence Party , led by the pub-clubbable Nigel Farage , has won a resounding second successive Parliamentary by-election and sent British politics tumbling into an abyss of the unknown . Mark Reckless , the former Conservative politician who left the party for UKIP in September , won back his seat in Parliament Thursday in the Rochester and Strood by-election that was triggered by his defection . UKIP is now more than just a fringe group thumbing its nose at the big parties : it is a wild card which can threaten all their prospects . Few political experts would claim at this moment to be able to predict the outcome of the next General Election , which will take place on May 7 , 2015 . And nobody knows how many of the protest votes UKIP has been gathering will stay with them when voters are deciding who will govern the country . But UKIP are still advancing : back in May , they won the European Parliamentary elections with 27 percent of the votes and 24 seats , the first time a party other than Labour or the Conservatives has done so . What seems almost inevitable is that there will be another "  hung " Parliament after the General Election -- meaning no party will win an outright majority of seats . But this time neither Conservatives nor Labour look like being able to build a coalition government without doing deals with more than one other political grouping . Britain is likely to experience an unstable era of Scandinavian-style politics where the chief preoccupation of the political class is not solving the problems of the nation , but putting together deals to enable any decisions to be taken at all . Reckless was the second former Tory to resign his seat and win his way back to Parliament in the purple colors of UKIP after Douglas Carswell had done the same in Clacton in October . And although his roughly 3,000 vote majority will be less sustainable at a General Election than Carswell 's crushing victory , it keeps UKIP on track for its ambition of winning enough seats next May to hold the balance of power . In Rochester , UKIP managed to resist a huge Conservative campaign that included five visits from Prime Minister David Cameron , who was desperate to stave off another UKIP victory that could call his effectiveness as the leader of the Tories into question . UKIP also won over a significant proportion of the former working class Labour vote -- aided by a Labour front-bencher 's online posting of a photo of a house in Rochester draped in English flags with a white van in the driveway . Politicians of all stripes were quick to pounce on Shadow Attorney General Emily Thornberry 's ill-judged tweet as snobbish and derogatory , and Thornberry resigned her position before the night was over . UKIP also reduced the Liberal Democrat vote to a derisory figure : some of their former protest votes on the Left are now going to the Green Party . The UKIP bandwagon is still rolling . Reckless was a confused candidate who at one stage was slapped down by Nigel Farage for suggesting that EU immigrants might be sent home , but the party that secured a mere three percent at the last General Election in Britain has become a significant political player . It is now the obvious receptacle for protest votes in the way that the Liberal Democrats used to be . But their participation in a coalition government with the Conservatives has shredded the Lib-Dems ' political appeal . UKIP has successfully harnessed to its bandwagon to the common feeling of disillusion with the two major parties and the Westminster "  establishment . " As well as its anti-European stance , it has profited from bringing immigration to the fore as a political issue . This has spooked lawmakers in other parties who have demanded that their own party leaders must also get tougher on immigration -- a policy area on which few deal in facts but on which much emotion is expended . But the more that Labour and the Tories rush out new immigration policies , the more the public say : "  We thought you told us that UKIP were a bunch of fruitcakes , but now you are agreeing they were right all along . " Political strategists used to believe that UKIP were chiefly a threat to the Conservatives , taking the votes of right-wing Euroskeptics away from them . But in the recent Heywood and Middleton by-election in the greater Manchester area UKIP came within a few hundred votes of grabbing a Labour seat too . With the resurgent Scottish National Party threatening to grab 30 of Labour 's 40 Scottish seats in the Westminster Parliament , and Labour 's leader Ed Miliband proving the lowest-rated occupant of his position in polling history , Labour too are shivering at the UKIP intervention . So where do we go from here ? UKIP will revel in its triumph and redouble its efforts to entice more Euroskeptic Conservative MPs to jump ship in order to save their seats at the next election . David Cameron , his authority badly dented after he promised to throw the kitchen sink at saving the Rochester seat , will be under massive pressure from his MPs to turn the political tide now with the major speech he has for some time been promising on immigration  and which he postponed for fear of having the Rochester result taken as a verdict on his efforts  . He is handicapped because the Conservatives ' pledge to reduce immigration to less than 100,000 a year has failed because of the EU 's commitment to the free movement of people within its borders , and German Chancellor Angela Merkel is heading Europe 's refusal to reconsider that principle . That again plays into UKIP 's hands . Right-wing Euroskeptic Conservative MPs insist that their party and UKIP are part of the same political family , and they will now try to pressure Cameron into some sort of electoral pact -- arguing that otherwise Labour will "  win " next May 's election with less than a third of the votes . Cameron will resist , but the irony for UKIP is that of all the possible election results , the only one that will bring about their chief political aim -- an in/out vote on Britain 's membership in the European Union -- is victory for the Conservatives who have promised that referendum .	Conservative Party defector Mark Reckless brings UKIP a second by-election win in two months Oakley : Second successive UKIP victory makes it hard to predict the winner of upcoming General Election Oakley : Reckless ' win an embarrassing blow for David Cameron , who threw kitchen sink at winning vote Oakley : UKIP has successfully tied itself to the bandwagon of popular discontent with "  establishment " parties
London  CNN  -- Using your fingerprint to identify yourself seems beguilingly simple : it belongs only to you , and you are n't going to lose it . Apple 's use of fingerprint technology -- although not the first in the industry -- seems very in tune with its ethos of making devices easy to use . However , how safe fingerprint technologies really are does depend on how they are implemented . You might ask , is my fingerprint stored , who else can access it ? Can the government demand that Apple hand my fingerprints to them , or use Apple to identify criminals from their database ? Apple have stated on record that they do not store fingerprints , and nor does the device . Instead , the iPhone stores the result of a check -- a "  hash , " which may be unique , but ca n't reveal your fingerprint . But after the revelations by Edward Snowden that Apple was one of four Internet companies to have handed over data to the NSA , Apple has a much harder job to persuade the public to trust them . We need to know that backdoors wo n't be built into iPhones to allow security services ' to retrieve your fingerprint data . The NSA has been shown to have a program of demanding means of entry to the software and hardware of all cell phones , through introducing security flaws . These flaws -- software bugs -- are also available to criminals and competing security agencies to exploit . Are we going to trust Apple 's security wo n't be compromised ? They are participants in the PRISM scheme -- whatever precisely that involves . How else are they co-operating with secret NSA demands ? The long-term answer to these security trust issues is to reveal the whole of these systems , including the underlying "  source code " so that computer programmers can check how they work , and ensure that systems are not compromised . That 's not really the kind of approach that Apple has been famous for , often being very closed about their software development and asking us to trust them to know best . Citizens and businesses should not have to trust their security to systems they can not examine . Apple 's fingerprint system does create a risk of "  normalizing " biometrics . Because of the iPhone 's widespread use , people may increasingly expect to use similar "  easy " and "  safe " biometric systems , without considering that they create highly personal identification , with risks of being tracked and surveilled , and yet do not necessarily deliver the security that they imply . Other low level fingerprint ID systems suffer the same problems , yet are being employed in schools , even to replace library cards . Biometrics can create a false sense of security . It is easy to assume that the tools really are a hard identification of an individual , and therefore , the technology can not be fooled , or go wrong . However , systems can be fooled . Fingerprints and even your iris can be replicated . Apple 's fingerprint system may encounter a simple problem , in that the key to unlocking your phone -- your fingerprint -- could well be liberally scattered across the phone you are trying to protect . While the phone may also look for body heat , or skin irregularities , there is at least a distinct path which could be used to try to break into a phone . We 'll have to see if anyone can use it successfully . Some of these risks are manageable , through transparency and audit . The wider social risks are far harder to manage ; arguably they are n't Apple 's problem . Perhaps society needs to start having a much more intense debate about security and privacy , starting off with asking : whose security are we worrying about : my own , or the state 's ? How do I know what risks I am taking , and why should I trust any of the claims that are made ? People understand what a wallet or a doorlock is . The risks with personal and financial information are less tangible , and the risks of state abuse of power sometimes less tangible still . But these come with the digital technology ; we will truly be citizens of the digital age when we can successfully debate and deal with these problems . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Killock .	Apple 's new iPhone 5S features fingerprint recognition technology Jim Killock : Apple must persuade public to trust them after Snowden 's revelations Apple 's fingerprint system does create a risk of "  normalizing " biometrics - Killock
LONDON , England -- Evander Holyfield has raised the prospect of a rematch of his infamous world heavyweight title fight with Mike Tyson despite both men being into their 40s . Holyfield  right  grimaces after being bitten by Tyson in their 1997 fight . Holyfield took Tyson 's crown in an epic bout in 1996 , but it was their second fight a year later that is remembered for all the wrong reasons with Tyson disqualified for biting a chunk out of his opponent 's ear . Holyfield , 45 , has revealed he is considering an offer from 41-year-old Tyson 's camp to meet in the ring for a third time . "  There has been some talk between us , " Holyfield told The Guardian newspaper on Thursday . "  Mike had Jeff Fenech , who 's been training him , call me a few months ago . Jeff says Mike wants to fight me again - but he needs to know if I would agree to it . "  I said , ` It all depends on what they are going to give us - because I 'm gon na catch a lot of flak if I say I 'm fighting Mike Tyson again . I 've already said I do n't want to fight Mike no more ' . "  Jeff says , ` What if Mike gets in proper shape ? ' I told him that 's OK but I ca n't be part of it if Mike 's going to pull out . Jeff said , ` The main thing Mike wants to know is if you would be willing to fight him again ? ' I said , ` Yeah , if the price is right , I probably would ' . " Both fighters have made largely unsuccessful attempts at comebacks in recent years with Holyfield continuing his pursuit of an unlikely fifth title against the advice of boxing experts . He is believed to have held on to a large portion of his career earnings , but , by contrast , Tyson has suffered well-publicized financial problems . E-mail to a friend	Evander Holyfield says he has held talks over a rematch with Mike Tyson Tyson was disqualified for biting off a chunk of Holyfield 's ear in 1997 bout Holyfiield had taken world heavyweight title from Tyson in 1996
CNN  -- I hate the holidays . Professionally speaking that is . This is the dangerous season when more family finances go off the rails than at any time of the year . From the opening gun on Black Friday through the last-minute grabs on Christmas Eve there seems to be a national moratorium on sound spending practices . That said , if you 're expecting some finger-wagging lecture about not spending money on gifts this year , well , I hate to disappoint you , but that 's not where I am headed . Gift-giving is part of our celebration ritual . And there 's nothing wrong with that . All that I care about -- and what you should care about just as much -- is that your gift-giving shows respect . For yourself . That means crafting a gift-giving strategy that is affordable for you today . What you gave to someone last year , or the length of last-year 's gift-giving list should be irrelevant . Yet we all know that there 's this internal pressure to keep up appearances or traditions , even if your financial circumstances have changed . So even if you did a fabulous job the first 11 months of the year scaling back your spending so you could ramp up your retirement savings , or pay down your debts , there 's a temptation to let those good habits get pushed to the back burner during this dangerous season . Here 's how to make it through this holiday season with your financial integrity intact . Pay cash I challenge you to not make one holiday gift purchase with a credit card . You ca n't have regrets in January if you limit your spending to money you actually have . The tab for unpaid credit card balances in the U.S. is $ 690 billion . It 's one thing to run up a balance if your family is struggling to make ends meet -- and even that has obvious serious consequences -- But there is just no excuse for running up any credit card debt for gifts . Period . The simplest way to keep your household on track is to put the credit cards away and use a debit card tied to a bank account . And do n't you dare let the bank snooker you into accepting overdraft protection . That 's just a temptation to allow yourself to slip and spend more than you have . The only one who really benefits is the bank ; the average charge for an overdraft is $ 30 . Prioritize It takes a plan to make it through this season unscathed . Here 's my three-step strategy : Set a spending limit , stick to a firm list of recipients and most important , no wavering from steps 1 and 2 . Your spending limit is pretty simple : How much extra cash do you have handy ? No dipping into savings  unless you in fact were smart and have a holiday savings account you 've been socking money into throughout the year  . No touching the emergency fund . No gift is an emergency . And no robbing Peter : No cheating by not making your Roth IRA deposit this month or skipping the kid 's 529 College savings contribution to free up cash for presents . Next , decide who 's on your list . Then divvy up your cash to each person : literally write down how much you intend to spend on each person . If the numbers do n't add up , then you 've got a few choices : Spend less on that person , spend less on someone else . Reduce the number of people on your list . Or get creative : Offer to babysit for the kids of harried friends or family . That 's probably going to be worth a hell of a lot more than any monetary gift . Have a friend who keeps talking about tackling cleaning out their garage or fixing up a spare room ? Okay , your gift is three weekends over the course of the year to serve as their sub-contractor and cheerleader . You get the idea : Before you spend a penny on gifts this season you need to have a formal plan from which you will not deviate . Do n't get played Retailers know we are suckers for anything that seems like a deal . So they try to play us for chumps . Instead of offering a $ 50 sweater for $ 50 , they advertise that the sweater was $ 75 but they are going to let you steal it from them for $ 50 . Woo-hoo , one-third off ! And this works like a charm thanks to our anchoring habit . That 's a term used by behavioral economists to describe how we get fixated on a number . In this case , we 're anchored to the fact that the sweater is "  worth " $ 75 , so we feel like we 're getting a great deal at $ 50 . But is it really a deal ? For starters , slow down and size up what you 're buying . Does it seem worth it at $ 50 ? Quality matters . And most important , do you have the $ 50 to spend ? The sales price does n't matter if you were intending to spend $ 40 on this specific gift . It 's still overpriced by 20 percent based on what you can truthfully afford . Standing in your truth is the most important gift to bestow this and every holiday season . It 's not just about doing what is right for you . When we stand in our truth -- without embarrassment , without fear -- we remove layers of stress and panic . And that makes us happier and more present for those we love . That strikes me as the most generous gift any of us has to give . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suze Orman .	Suze Orman says holiday shopping makes us forget our sound spending practices She says how we spend should reflect our financial situation in the here and now , not last year She says there are disciplines to maintain : pay cash , prioritize , do n't get played Orman : Stand in your truth about what you have to spend , and you will have less stress
CNN  -- Formula One legend Michael Schumacher has struggled on his return to the track this year , but the sport 's supremo Bernie Ecclestone insists that recent criticism of the German is "  unfair . " Seven-time world champion Schumacher ending his three-year retirement last December when he signed with Mercedes until 2012 . But the 41-year-old has not been able to meet expectations that he would be contending for the drivers ' championship , having yet to record a podium finish after nine races . Schumacher is ninth in the overall standings , trailing leader Lewis Hamilton of McLaren by 93 points ahead of the next race in Britain on July 11 . Latest F1 championship standings "  I think he  Schumacher  is doing an excellent job , " Ecclestone told German website Motorsport Magazin . "  I do think the criticism of him is unfair . "  He has spent the last three years on holiday . What do you expect after such a break ? "  Everyone hopes that he wins a race again -- I hope so . " Former Ferrari driver Schumacher announced his retirement from Formula One in 2007 to become the Italian team 's advisor . Schumacher 's career in pictures He was then scheduled to return to the Ferrari cockpit in 2009 to replace Brazilian Felipe Massa , who was seriously injured after being struck by a suspension spring during qualifying . But Schumacher suffered a neck injury due to a motorcycle accident earlier in the year and was unable to compete . However , it was not long before he was racing again , after announcing his decision to team up again with Ross Brawn , whose world champion team was taken over by Mercedes last year . Hamilton , who won the world title in 2008 , said ahead of last weekend 's European Grand Prix that he was not surprised by Schumacher 's early struggle . F1 teams seek safety-car rule change The 25-year-old also told reporters it would be tough for the German to out-perform the younger drivers on the circuit . "  I did n't expect anything from him at the beginning , " Hamilton said . "  There was an occasion when I saw him before the season started and I kind of thought his commitment was the same as mine at the time . "  His commitment is the same as always , but it is so challenging . It is very difficult to out-do the youngsters that have the hunger that he had when he started . " Schumacher , who won 72 races with Ferrari , continued his poor run of results in Valencia last weekend , finishing 15th -- the worst result of his career . He has been outshone by 25-year-old teammate Nico Rosberg , with his compatriot 41 points better off in the standings after recording two podium finishes . Brawn : Mercedes car changes will revive Schumacher 's F1 fortunes Recent reports in Italy claimed Mercedes was planning to replace Schumacher next season with Renault 's Robert Kubica , which the team has since denied . Schumacher , who finished fourth in Barcelona and Istanbul , still believes he will start winning races this campaign . "  I 'm not here with a short-term view , " he told Mercedes ' official website . "  From my point of view , we have a three-year program . I can handle the pain . "  I 've been around long enough and I 've had to deal with much worse pain . Once the progress comes , which I 'm sure it will , then you get rewarded . "  Once we can solve our problems , then there is reason to believe we can do much better , and even win races this year . "	Bernie Ecclestone says recent criticism of F1 legend Michael Schumacher is "  unfair " The German driver is yet to win a race since his return to the sport with Mercedes this season Championship leader Lewis Hamilton suggested Schumacher is too old to compete at top Seven-time world champion , 41 , says he has a long-term project at Mercedes
London  CNN  -- A painting dismissed for years as the work of an unknown artist has been identified as a piece by Vincent Van Gogh , after x-rays revealed an image of two wrestlers fighting underneath the floral still life . "  Still Life with Meadow Flowers and Roses " has hung in the Kroeller-Mueller Museum in the town of Otterlo , in the eastern Netherlands , since 1974 , but doubts over its authorship have dogged the painting for decades . Experts argued that the large format , the location of the signature , and the huge number of flowers in the composition all suggested the painting was the creation of an unidentified artist , rather than the famed Dutch painter , and the work was officially "  dismissed " from his catalogue in 2003 . "  There were so many questions around this painting , " explained Teio Meedendorp , researcher at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam . "  There were a lot of things about it that were strange -- it could n't quite be trusted -LSB- as a piece by Van Gogh -RSB- . " But the latest high-tech x-ray imaging has allowed scholars to re-examine an underpainting , featuring two wrestlers fighting , first glimpsed in the 1990s , and confirm that the picture is indeed by Van Gogh . Saving Van Gogh 's home from dereliction Van Gogh  1853-1890  created some of the world 's best known and most loved paintings , including "  Sunflowers , " "  Irises " and "  The Starrry Night , " and a number of self-portraits . He was virtually unknown as an artist during his lifetime , but his reputation soared in the years after his suicide at the age of 37 following years of mental illness , and his works now hang in major museums and galleries around the globe . During the art market boom of the late 1980s and early 1990s , three of Van Gogh 's works succeeded each other as the most expensive paintings ever sold : "  Sunflowers " for $ 39.9 million , "  Irises " for $ 53.9 million , and "  Portrait of Dr. Gachet " for $ 82.5 million . "  The painting was x-rayed before , so we knew there was something underneath , but the image was not very clear , " he told CNN . "  This new technique gave us a much clearer image , and lots of details about the pigments and the paint layers . "  We know Vincent painted wrestlers , we know much more than we did 10 years ago about the pigments he used , and we know that at the time , when re-using a canvas , he simply painted over the top of the previous image , without an intermediate layer . "  This painting was a complete match with all the research that has been done over the past 10 years . " Van Gogh , Kahlo speak from beyond grave Van Gogh wrote about the wrestlers picture -- which he painted as an assignment during his studies at the art academy in Antwerp -- in a letter in January 1886 : "  This week I painted a large thing with two nude torsos -- two wrestlers , " adding that he was delighted with the result . Research suggests that the still life was painted on the same canvas fewer than six months later , while in Paris . "  The top layer was applied not long afterwards , " said Meedendorp . "  We can tell this because he used a lot of zinc white in the wrestlers picture , and it dries very , very slowly . "  The x-rays show that it had not hardened completely when the still life was added , causing some cracks in the paint of the flower picture , which suggests it was painted less than half a year later . " Meedendorp said there was always the possibility of discovering other "  unknown " Van Gogh works in future . "  There are other paintings that have n't been x-rayed , " he told CNN . "  There are always other opportunities . "	"  Still life with meadow flowers and roses " dismissed as work of unknown artist Large format , subject , and signature all pointed to painting being by someone other than Van Gogh New high-tech x-ray imaging revealed underpainting of wrestlers , details of pigments used Experts say they are now confident that the piece is definitely by "  Sunflowers " artist Van Gogh
Washington  CNN  -- Gay service members who want to marry often ca n't have the ceremony on military bases in the United States . It 's not the Pentagon that has authority , but the states where the bases are located . Many states that are home to some of the nation 's largest military bases have outlawed same-sex marriage , including North Carolina , Texas and California . So if a gay military couple wants to get married in those states , they ca n't , even on U.S. military property . Said Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta : "  State law controls in that situation . So you know , where state law provides for that , then obviously that kind of marriage can take place . And if the law prohibits that , then it can not take place on a military base . " If Republicans on the House Armed Services Committee have their way , no gay marriages will take place on any military bases . In a straight party-line vote , the GOP members of the HASC voted Thursday to include a provision in the new defense authorization bill outlawing any gay marriage ceremonies on military bases . On Wednesday , President Barack Obama became the first sitting president to publicly support gay marriage , but Panetta declined to follow in his boss 's footsteps . "  You know I 'm not going to render a personal opinion on that . As secretary of defense I 'm responsible for enforcing the law and giving the best defense advice we can to the president of the United States , " said Panetta , who is a staunch Roman Catholic . Even though there was similar criticism to the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " Panetta cited a study about the aftermath of the repeal DADT , saying , "  It 's not impacting on morale . It 's not impacting on unit cohesion . It is not impacting on readiness . "	Gay marriages ca n't occur on military bases in states that have outlawed the practice "  State law controls in that situation , " Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta says Republicans on House panel vote for provision outlawing gay marriage on all U.S. bases Panetta notes report showing repeal of DADT has n't adversely affected the military
