PARIS , France  CNN  -- The French Senate early Thursday narrowly passed a controversial law to allow many more shops across the country to open on Sundays , in what would be a significant cultural shift . The law would permit shops , department stores , and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones . The vote , which followed two days of debate , was expected to happen Friday . But the Senate put the measure to a vote at 2 a.m. Thursday  8 p.m. ET Wednesday  , when it passed 165-159 . The law , however , is not a fait accompli . The opposition Socialist party immediately appealed to the Constitutional Council , asking it to make sure the measure is constitutionally sound . A decision from the council is expected in about two weeks . If the Constitutional Council approved the law , it would mark a significant cultural shift in France , where Sundays have officially been set aside as a day of rest for more than a century . A 1906 law forbids Sunday trading in all but the largest cities . President Nicolas Sarkozy had pushed for the measure , but the law that passed Thursday contains fewer changes than Sarkozy had originally intended , because he has had to give in to opposition from the left and the right . Socialists filed thousands of amendments to the president 's original version of the law . Leftists and unions said it would effectively introduce a seven-day workweek and allow bosses to force employees to work Sundays . Watch how new law will change a way of life in France " Members of the president 's own ruling conservative party opposed the law despite assurances that it would boost economic activity , saying it would instead deprive families and church groups of their dedicated day . The law would permit shops , department stores and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones of what are called "  exceptional commercial " centers in and near three of the country 's largest cities : Paris , Marseilles and Lille . Those centers are malls or clusters of shopping centers often located just outside major cities . Additionally , 29 areas involving about 500 cities and towns would be added to the list of tourist areas , which already allow some economic activity on Sundays . Among other things , the new law would straighten out a somewhat chaotic situation in which some stores manage to obtain exceptions from the old law and others do n't , and in which some stores find it makes sense to accept fines for breaking the existing law , because the income from Sunday sales more than makes up for the penalties . Opinion polls in France showed slightly more than half the population wanted shops to have the freedom to open on Sundays , according to Time magazine . CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	French Senate passes new law allowing more shops to open on Sundays New law , if approved by Constitutional Council , overturns 1906 legislation Sarkozy has had to deal with opposition from both left and right
CNN  -- When discussing his favorite images from the "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " traveling photography exhibit , National Museum of Wildlife Art president James McNutt , who curated the exhibit , starts with the oldest : William Henry Jackson 's "  Mountain of the Holy Cross . " Taken in Colorado on August 24 , 1873 , the photograph would become as legendary as the mountain itself -- not for the effort it took to get the picture , but for what it signified to a country healing from the Civil War and pushing ever westward . Hauling hundreds of pounds of photo equipment up to a vantage point on an opposite ridge to capture snow-filled crevasses that created a perfect vertical cross on the mountain face , Jackson produced an image that , according to McNutt 's introduction in the exhibit 's companion book , came to symbolize "  the union of America , Nature and God that fulfilled a romantic destiny . " Jackson 's famous shot became one of the country 's favorite photographs of the 19th century and effectively introduced photography in the West . It 's just one of the thousands McNutt and his curatorial team of Rich Clarkson , Adam Harris and Kate Brainerd considered from the National Geographic archives when putting together a landmark exhibition that 's currently on display at select museums around the country  see below  . The final cut -- winnowed to 185 images for the show and 75 for the award-winning book -- shows the West 's myriad faces thematically grouped into Legends , Encounters , Boundaries and Visions , corralling into categories an epic visual record of almost a century and a half of exploration of the American West with the camera . There are cowboys and debutantes , Northern spotted owls and bison , cityscapes and pueblos , mesas and dams , gathering storms and controlled burns . From early documentary efforts like Edward S. Curtis ' celebrated North American Indian portraits to David Alan Harvey 's contemporary impressions of modern Native life , from the pristine glories of awe-inspiring landscapes to the gritty exploitation of the region 's resource wealth , McNutt 's opus is both a loving gaze at the magnificence that attracts so many to the West , and an unblinking eye on the pressing challenges of keeping the romance alive . "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " 2013 exhibition dates Booth Western Art Museum , Cartersville , Ga. ; through March 10 Buffalo Bill Historical Center , Cody , Wyo. ; through August 11 National Museum of Wildlife Art , Jackson Hole , Wyo. ; through August 11 Rockwell Museum of Western Art , Corning , N.Y. ; through September 15 At the end of summer , the exhibition begins traveling again . For more information visit www.photographsofthewest.org . To see the exhibition online visit www.photographsofhewest.org/exhibit . All "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " images above used courtesy of the National Geographic Society .	From National Geographic archives , "  American West " photo exhibit is on display around the United States Exhibit includes 185 photos from 1800s to present Stunning collection is curated by James McNutt of the National Museum of Wildlife Art Award-winning companion book includes 75 images
CNN  -- Russian law enforcement officers raided the Russian offices of oil giant BP , the company said Wednesday , blasting what it called "  illegal " interference in its work . The company issued a statement about the raid , saying there were "  no legitimate grounds for such a raid , " and that the court decision it was based on should not be allowed to stand . The raid is related to a long-running battle between BP and Russian partner , TNK-BP , over oil exploration in the Russian Arctic . It comes a day after ExxonMobil signed a deal with Russian oil company Rosneft that includes Arctic exploration , a blow to BP . BP said the raid targeted a part of the company that was not involved in the dispute with TNK . It was ordered by a Russian court in the city of Tyumen , BP said . "  If the Tyumen Court decision is allowed to stand , it means any party can raid a company 's premises at will and examine all its documents , " BP said . The Russian Federal Court Bailiff Service , which reportedly conducted the raid , did not immediately answer CNN requests for comment or issue a statement . CNN 's Kendra Petersen and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : It comes after ExxonMobil signs a deal with Russian company Rosneft , a blow to BP BP blasts what it calls Russia 's "  illegal " interference in its work The raid is related to a long-running battle over oil exploration in the Russian Arctic
CNN  -- Just about six years after his career seemed to come to a crashing halt , when Barack Obama defeated him in the presidential election of 2008 , Arizona Sen. John McCain is poised to re-emerge as a major player in the next two years . As the new chairman of the influential Armed Services Committee , McCain will be able to use this perch of power to loudly challenge the President 's foreign policy agenda . Call it McCain 's revenge . For several years , it seemed as if McCain was finished . The 2008 election delivered a huge blow to his political standing . Once considered the exciting maverick of Washington who could attract supporters from both parties , as a result of his pursuit of campaign finance reform and willingness to enter into bipartisan alliances , McCain won the award from many observers for running one of the worst campaigns ever . His attempt to cater to the right wing of the GOP and his selection of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate led many to question his political future . During much of Obama 's presidency he seemed to struggle . He has often been at odds with members of his own party , including tea party Republicans who have pushed for a sharply rightward shift in domestic policy  and challenged him in the primary in 2010 when J.D. Hayworth ran again him  , as well as anti-interventionists , such as Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul who have given strength to GOP rhetoric about limiting the scale and scope of the nation 's national security operations . McCain has regained some of his footing by becoming the voice of the neoconservative Republicans , a group that many wrote off as a lost voice after the fiasco in Iraq . These members of GOP still believe the United States needs to maintain a muscular foreign policy and can not afford to constrain national security operations . McCain has blasted Obama for not doing enough to combat the threat of ISIS . He has been a consistent critic of the decision to withdraw troops from Iraq . Of ISIS , he said in September , "  It was like watching a train wreck and warning every step of the way that this was happening . " Now that Republicans have retaken control of the Senate , McCain will be the chairman of the Armed Services Committee . This is an important post where he will have a chance to play a big role in debates over foreign policy . McCain made his intentions clear . He recently explained that , "  I want the committee to be very active . That 's the beauty of the majority , as you know . Of course we can allocate and authorize certain programs , and we can cut others . The President proposes , and Congress disposes . " The resignation of Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel has already offered him a chance to start saying what is on his mind . McCain has praised his former Senate colleague for his work at the Pentagon and said that Hagel was a victim of Obama 's failed foreign policies . Hagel , McCain argued , was "  very , very frustrated with the administration . " When the nomination hearings begin to replace him , McCain will have an even greater opportunity to stand on his soap box and outline to the public everything that has gone wrong in the past six years . There will be other opportunities as well . As new crises flair in Syria and Iraq , the White House must make decisions about troop levels . McCain will have a chance to reiterate his claims about how a passive White House has endangered the national security interest and created too much space for radical elements overseas to gain a stronger foothold in the Middle East . In the debates over the budget , McCain will try to reverse the military spending cuts that the president has put into place . Next summer , when Congress has to reauthorize a key part of the Patriot Act dealing with surveillance , the senator will be able to push back against members of his own party as well as Democrats who think that the answer to the problems is to weaken the ability of the government to spy on potential threats with phone and email surveillance . McCain , who is expecting a tea party challenge for his re-election bid in 2016 , is going to have a huge incentive to be aggressive in promoting himself as a major player in the GOP and crafting a conservative agenda that he can feel comfortable with  unlike when he did this in 2008 on domestic issues and looked as fake as a bad Hollywood actor  . McCain 's new platform will create a challenge , not only for the President , but for Hillary Clinton , assuming she runs for the presidency in 2016 . Given Clinton 's service as Secretary of State , she wo n't be able to escape her connections to the President 's record . Clinton will surely try to make distinctions , as she did in her book "  Hard Choices " when she reminded Americans she wanted a more aggressive stand in Syria , but ultimately she will be judged on Obama 's record because she was a key player in this administration . The more aggressive that McCain is during the coming years , the more Clinton will have to respond to his agenda . Reports of McCain 's political death were greatly exaggerated , to paraphrase Mark Twain . McCain is back . And Democrats had better watch out .	Julian Zelizer : Sen. John McCain is poised to re-emerge as a major player in the next two years Zelizer : As the new chairman of the influential Armed Services Committee , he will have much to say He says McCain will be able to use new power to challenge Obama 's foreign policy agenda Zelizer : Reports of McCain 's political death were greatly exaggerated , despite his setbacks
Cairo  CNN  Mohamed Morsy went from prison to the presidency . And now he 's going back to prison . The ousted President was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace in December 2012 . But he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters . He stood trial with 14 co-defendants , including some of his presidential staff . All 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence and inciting violence , and all were also acquitted of murder . Morsy , who became Egypt 's first democratically elected President in June 2012 , was deposed by a popularly backed military coup in July 2013 . After the sentencing , his Freedom and Justice Party called the trial a "  travesty of justice . " "  This is a sad and terrible day in Egyptian history , " the party said in a statement Tuesday . "  Coup leaders have sentenced Mohamed Morsi to decades in prison for nothing more than championing the democratic will of the people . " But Ramy Ghanem , a civil plaintiff lawyer representing one of the torture victims , said the conviction was fair . "  This is a very appropriate and clear verdict on people that committed the crime , " he said . "  This , in fact , was the maximum sentence for the charges . The surprise was the acquittal . " Hoda Nasrallah , a lawyer representing two torture victims , called the outcome of the case typical for Egypt . "  All the cases involving big gatherings and demonstrations in which protesters were killed usually see the culprits walk free . This case is a manifestation of this , " she said . "  The public will always see the verdicts as politicized because there is no regime put on trial before falling , so everyone sees it as settling scores . It 's not about Morsy only , but it also applies to  former Egyptian President Hosni  Mubarak and others . This is the status quo in Egypt . We wish we could see the trial of a regime when it is in power , not after that . " Nasrallah called for a "  fair trial , " criticizing the fact that seven men killed during the December 2012 clashes were not included in this case , because they were affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood , and that the involvement of other sides , including police , was n't investigated . Morsy can appeal his conviction . But Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Mohamed Montasser has already issued an ominous warning on Twitter : "  Sentencing the president wo n't pass , " he said . "  The revolution will be ignited , popular anger will increase and we promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises . " At various points in the trial , Morsy said that he was still the President of Egypt and refused to recognize the court as legal . Attorney Mohamed Selim El-Awa cited constitutional articles to the court that stipulated the steps for removing a president and putting him on trial -- something that required the approval of two-thirds of the parliament and a special court made of the country 's top judges . A judge on Tuesday rejected the argument presented by El-Awa and court-appointed lawyer El-Sayed Hamed that the court had no jurisdiction . Hamed was appointed by the court after Morsy 's defense team withdrew . He told CNN he met with Morsy about three times over the past 16 months . He praised the "  neutrality of the court , " rebuffing accusations of politicization . "  Before the case reached the court , it was dominated by politics more than the law , and I said this in my argument at the court . But by reaching the court , the court examined the documents from the legal aspect and saw that they were innocent of accusations of murder and guilty of other charges . Consequently , we will appeal this sentence , " he told CNN . Early in the trial , Morsy and his co-defendants were held in a metal cage in court . Later , that cage was enclosed in soundproof glass . This is the first trial Morsy was referred to after his removal from power . He is also standing trial in three other cases , including two on charges of espionage . The third trial involves a 2011 jailbreak . Morsy and 18 other members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood allegedly broke out of the Wadi-Natroun prison , Egyptian state-run media reported . In that trial , Morsy and his 130 co-defendants , who include 71 Palestinians tried in absentia , are accused of collaborating with the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas and the Lebanese Shia group Hezbollah to break into several prisons across Egypt in January 2011 and facilitating the escape of Morsy and 20,000 others . In May , Morsy is scheduled to start a fifth trial -- this one on charges of insulting the judiciary . Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy is convicted of charges involving violence against protesters But he is acquitted of murder "  We promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises , " a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman says
CNN  -- For years , bloggers and other netizens have repeated : "  A link is not an endorsement . " Now it appears that we have to add , "  a ` like , ` follow ' or ` retweet ' is not an endorsement , either . " That 's the only way to respond to the wave of breathless news stories and fancy web tools claiming to divine all kinds of correlations between Twitter buzz or Facebook followers and how the GOP presidential candidates will fare in the primaries . The worst of the new wave is The Washington Post 's new MentionMachine tool "  that monitors Twitter and media across the Web for political candidate mentions , revealing trends and spikes that show where the conversation is and why . " It claims that "  growth in the numbers of legitimate followers or a high recurrence of retweets are both indicative of growing grass-roots support . " Groan . Actually , growth in followers or high numbers of retweets are just an indication of notoriety or celebrity . Saying simple , stupid things that lots of people want to tell their peers about can get you tons of followers and retweets . But it does n't mean anything definitive about grass-roots support . Otherwise , right now we 'd be talking about Herman Cain 's amazing victory in Iowa .  Need I remind you of when he was getting headlines topping the Facebook "  buzz " charts These are empty information calories , to borrow a phrase from Clay Johnson 's timely new book , The Information Diet . Eat them at your own risk , for they can make you really dumb . This is n't to say that campaigns should ignore social media , or that efforts by voters to influence the election by organizing online are pointless . But just because you can count something and chart it does n't mean you 've proven anything . Take , for example , Newt Gingrich 's 1.4 million Twitter followers . On Huffington Post , Alan Rosenblatt demolishes the notion that this means he 's popular among Republicans . Half of those accounts are n't in the United States . And half of all Twitter accounts are n't even active . Newt 's numbers are a sign of online longevity and notoriety , not much more . Rick Santorum 's late surge in Iowa should also put the mania for tracking online buzz into perspective . All of last year , he trailed the pack online . Meanwhile , he worked Iowa the old-fashioned way and did his best to tap into a social network that is more locally rooted than anything Facebook or Twitter has to offer . That is , the evangelical church . As the other candidates with a claim on that community started to fall away , Santorum 's fortunes started to rise . And then in late December he got really lucky , sidestepping the negative attention and negative advertising that battered some of the other top-tier candidates while peaking at just the right time . Now the issue is n't how many new followers Santorum may get online , but how well he engages them and converts these low-level indications of interest into money , volunteers and votes . So far , the tidings are n't great . As my colleagues Sarah Lai Stirland and Nick Judd pointed out yesterday , Santorum 's website was n't quite up to the task of handling the burst of traffic he earned Tuesday night , potentially costing him millions in overnight donations . Nor does his site offer supporters a way to self-organize , the way My.BarackObama.com or MyMitt.com invites supporters to start their own profile pages or set up their own house parties and fundraisers .  And I have n't even mentioned the Santorum campaign 's failure to successfully address his "  Google problem , " which Search Engine Land 's Danny Sullivan dissects at great length today . Online politics is complicated and requires a level of technological literacy that most people , reporters included , simply lack . So as you encounter breathless headlines about the role of social media in the 2012 election , or how the race is going to be won or lost on Facebook or Twitter or whatever , just remember this : a link , or a follow , or a retweet , is about as meaningful as a glance or a nod . It 's an indication of fairly low-level interest , nothing more . Organizing all those glances or nods into something powerful -- that 's what really matters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Micah Sifry .	Micah Sifry : Growth in followers and retweets are signs of low-level interest Counting something and charting it does n't mean you 've proven anything , he says Sifry : Rick Santorum 's surge should put the mania for buzz-tracking into perspective
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there . On Monday , the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing . Thankfully , by the end of the day , he was back in his enclosure and no longer wandering around the big city unchaperoned . Rusty 's adventurous day in D.C. is , obviously , not the first nor the strangest story of an escaped animal running amok . Do n't worry , though , all these have relatively happy endings ! 1  Evelyn and Jim : The gorillas that escaped , more than once , from the Los Angeles Zoo . These two gorillas were a pretty big headache for the zookeepers at the Los Angeles Zoo . The primates in crime escaped so many times that the zoo received a warning from federal officials , according to ABC News . The zookeepers were housing them in an enclosure originally intended for bears ; the gorillas would use vines to climb out , even one time bounding the wall with a running jump . 2  Nala : The lioness that escaped into Disney 's backyard . In the late '90s , a 450-pound lioness named Nala -- after a character in Disney 's "  The Lion King " -- escaped from Kissimmee 's JungleLand Zoo when handlers were cleaning her cage . The declawed lion prowled the area , much to the chagrin of residents . Thankfully , no one was hurt . After a few days on the loose , Nala was found by a search team and returned to her pen . 3  Virginia : The wolf that escaped from the Los Angeles Zoo and may or may not have been recaptured . The story of Virginia the wolf is one of the stranger ones . The timber wolf escaped from her enclosure three times in the 1970s before she finally got out for good . It 's unclear , however , what happened to the antsy wolf after that . 4  The 170 + Rhesus monkeys that took over Long Island in the 1930s . This kooky incident happened at an old-timey exotic animal park run by famous animal collector Frank Buck . According to the original 1935 New York Times article , the monkeys ' area was left open one night , they got out and went bananas in a neighboring town . Local law enforcement realized something was up when they started getting more than a few phone calls reporting monkeys crawling around people 's houses . Buck 's jungle camp even offered a season pass to any resident who returned a monkey . 5  Ken Allen : The "  Hairy Houdini " of the San Diego Zoo . Ken Allen is easily the San Diego Zoo 's most famous -- and successful -- simian escape artist . He became famous in the '80s for his numerous , daring escapes . He even taught another orangutan how to use a branch the way a human uses a crowbar to bust out of their enclosure . In 2000 , Ken was euthanized in captivity after being sick with cancer . He was 29 . The LA Times wrote an obituary for the beloved orangutan . "  With the solemnity usually reserved for the passing of revered civic leaders , San Diego Zoo officials on Friday announced the death of Ken Allen , an escape-artist orangutan so beloved that he had his own fan club , " wrote Tony Perry , a Times staff writer . 6  Nikica : The hippopotamus that would n't stay put . It 's pretty tough to tell hippopotamuses what to do . They 're very large and do n't exactly take direction . That 's what one village in Montenegro learned firsthand . In 2010 , after some flooding in the area , Nikica escaped her pen and made her way into a body of water in the nearby village of Plavnica . The villagers did n't mind Nikica swimming around their homes , though , and she ended up being a pretty popular celebrity in the area . She was eventually brought home after floodwaters receded . 7  The nine bison that ran loose in Oakland only to be coaxed back into their enclosure with bread . In 1997 , nine half-ton bison made a break for it from the Oakland Zoo . The herd did n't get very far , about 200 feet from the zoo grounds to be exact . The zookeepers lured the roaming bison back with pieces of bread . 8  Satara : The rhino that ran away from home after his mate left him for a younger rhino . It seems like rhinoceroses can go on jealous rampages , too . According to South Australia 's The Advertiser , Satara was a two-ton rhinoceros that threw a jealous tantrum inside the Monarto Zoo near Adelaide . The 18-year-old male escaped his enclosure and ventured into another section of the zoo where other rhinos were held before wandering back into his pen . The zookeepers figured it was because of Satara 's mate Yhura pairing up with a younger rhino . Scandalous . 9  The penguin that escaped a Japanese aquarium . Last year , a Humboldt penguin escaped from Tokyo Sea Life Park and spent a whopping three months waddling around the city . The 1-year-old fugitive was recaptured after being spotted multiple times swimming around Tokyo Bay . The penguin came back to the aquarium in good condition , apparently fit for big city life . 10  And of course , the clever Bronx Zoo cobra . In March 2011 , an Egyptian cobra slithered away from the Bronx Zoo 's World Of Reptiles -- and into the hearts of Twitter users . After a few days of searching , zoo officials found that the elusive snake had n't gotten very far ; she was hiding among pipes in a holding area in the zoo 's reptile house . They lured the cobra out using rodent-scented wood shavings .	Rusty the red panda was found yesterday after a brief escape from the National Zoo Rusty joins an elite group of crafty animals that eluded captivity A Bronx Zoo cobra 's escape in 2011 captivated social media outlets Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- Thousands of people have been evacuated from China 's resort city of Sanya , in Hainan Province , as Typhoon Haiyan continued to wreak havoc in south Asia Monday morning . The storm , which has already claimed up to 10,000 lives in the Philippines , moved through the South China Sea over the weekend toward southern China , hitting Vietnam . Government agencies have advised for extra vigilance if traveling to Vietnam or China , with the storm expected to continue for the next few days , moving northeast into Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in China . Philippines recovery Flights and airports have started to reopen in the Philippines . "  All airports except Tacloban have resumed normal operations already , " tweeted the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines . The airport at Tacloban , the most badly affected town in the Philippines , has started to receive and send limited commercial flights too , according to the CAA . The storm , a category five as it moved over the Philippines with gusts of up to 235 miles per hour , shut down at least a dozen airports and hundreds of flights , crippling the travel industry in the central part of the country . China and Vietnam prepare It is not expected to affect Vietnam or China as badly , though preparations are underway to limit damage as what is now a category one storm arrives . Some 17,300 passengers have been affected by canceled or delayed flights at Sanya Phoenix Airport in Sanya on the resort island of Hainan in southern China , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Thousands more have been evacuated , the agency said . But the airport has stated that by the end of Monday , November 11 , all stranded fliers will have departed . In Vietnam , flights were canceled in the central region around Thua Thien in Hue Province yesterday , while 86 domestic flights from Vietnam Airlines , VietJet Air and Jetstar Pacific to at least 10 central airports were canceled , according to local news reports . All international flights to the affected region were also canceled . Typhoon Haiyan Referred to locally as Typhoon Yolanda , the monster storm is one of the strongest tropical cyclones ever recorded . Some of the Philippine 's most popular islands for tourists , including Boracay and Bohol , were in the storm 's projected path , and tourists and residents were evacuated . A number of governments warned against travel to certain areas of the Philippines because of the typhoon , including Britain , Australia and Canada . The U.S. Embassy in Manila issued an emergency message to U.S. citizens , advising them to monitor the storm on TV , radio or websites including PAGASA  the government 's weather forecasting agency  or the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Undersecretary Abigail Valte , deputy presidential spokeswoman in the Philippines , had this advice : "  Follow instructions of the local authorities especially when they give the signal to evacuate to higher ground/designated evacuation areas . "  Limit unnecessary travel and stay inside your hotel . Weather updates and advisories are constantly disseminated by @dost_pagasa . " The Official Gazette posted a list of emergency hotlines . Twitter hashtags #RescuePH and #ReliefPH were set up to share information or tweet calls for help . A number of government agencies were also active on Twitter : @dswdserves , @ndrrmc_opcen and @govph . For flight cancellations and safe sea travels , the @DOTCPhilippines and @CAAP_Operations Twitter accounts were regularly tweeting updates , flood and traffic updates in Metro Manila were posted on @MMDA . Philippine airlines , airports resume duties As airports reopen , airlines are resuming operations to affected areas . "  PAL/PALex passengers with flights to typhoon-affected areas may rebook their flights within the next 30 days from the original flight date , with rebooking fees and fare difference waived , " said a statement from Philippine Airlines  PAL  . "  Travelers affected by these cancellations may rebook their flights for travel within 30 days , free of charge , " said Cebu pacific . "  They may also reroute to the nearest alternate airport , or opt for full refund or full travel fund . " "  Passengers are advised to rebook without penalties for travel within 30 days from original flight , " said Tigerair Philippines . "  They are also requested to call Tigerair Philippines hotline at 798-44-88 for further details . " AirAsia/AirAsia Zest is offering a free flight within 14 days on the same route , subject to availability ; full credit , valid for 90 days ; or a refund , said a post on its Facebook page . The AirAsia hotline in the Philippines is 02-742-2742 , Mondays-Sundays , 7 a.m.-11p . m. Travelers can also inquire about their flights by messaging the AirAsia Twitter feed , @askairasia .	Most domestic flights in the Philippines canceled as Super Typhoon Haiyan hits land U.S. Embassy in Manila issues emergency warning to citizens Airports shut in areas under storm warning signal No. 4
CNN  -- India is looking to Pakistan for answers after online threats and text messages sparked mass panic among migrant workers and students who hail from the country 's northeast . Indian Home Minister Shri Sushil Kumar Shinde said in a statement issued Monday that "  elements based in Pakistan " had used social media to circulate false pictures and stories . Students and workers from the northeastern state of Assam said last week they received text messages threatening retribution for ethnic violence that has gripped their state in recent weeks . The texts and rumors prompted thousands of people to flee cities across India , including Mumbai , Pune , Hyderabad and Bangalore , the country 's technology and outsourcing hub . Pictures showed crowded station platforms and packed railway carriages although the situation is now calmer . Rumors send thousands fleeing in India The Indian government also said on Monday that it had blocked a total of 245 web pages for hosting provocative content . It said that images and video had been doctored , inciting comments from bloggers and users of social media and the sending of "  hate SMSes . " "  The initial response from international social networking sites indicates that such content has been hosted from outside the country and to a large extent from a neighboring country  Pakistan  , " according to a statement from India 's Information and Technology Ministry . Mass text messages to more than five people have also been banned . Shinde said he had expressed his concern about the misuse of social networking sites in a phone call to Rehman Malik , Pakistan 's interior minister . He asked for Pakistan 's cooperation in investigating the claims . However , according to media reports , Malik said he would investigate only if India provided evidence to back up its assertion that the content originated in Pakistan . India 's northeast is home to more than 200 ethnic and tribal groups . Violence erupted in Assam in July after two Muslim boys were shot by members of the Bodos tribe , local police said . Muslims retaliated by killing four Bodos . That triggered widespread rioting and since then at least 80 people have died and more than 300,000 have been displaced . The Bodos , who are mainly Hindu , migrated to India decades ago but they fear being marginalized by the increasing number of Muslims , who cross the border illegally from Bangladesh .	Indian minister blames "  elements in Pakistan " for circulating false stories Government blocks 245 web pages for hosting harmful content Threatening texts , rumors prompted thousands to flee several Indian cities
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The 20-year-old son of actor Robert Downey Jr. has been charged with felony drug possession , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said . Indio Falconer Downey , 20 , will be arraigned on August 29 on one felony count of possession of a controlled substance , cocaine , and a misdemeanor count of possession of drug paraphernalia , a coke pipe , said spokesman Ricardo Santiago . Downey was arrested after a Los Angeles sheriff 's deputy stopped a vehicle in which he was a passenger in West Hollywood in June , according to West Hollywood Sheriff 's Station Sgt. Dave Valentine . "  Downey was found to be in possession of what officers believed to be cocaine as well as a smoking pipe , " Valentine said . Robert Downey Jr. 's representative released a statement that week saying the actor was "  grateful to the Sheriff 's department for their intervention . " "  Unfortunately there 's a genetic component to addiction and Indio has likely inherited it , " the rep said . "  Also , there is a lot of family support and understanding , and we 're all determined to rally behind him and help him become the man he 's capable of being . We 're grateful to the Sheriff 's department for their intervention , and believe Indio can be another recovery success story instead of a cautionary tale . " The elder Downey had several well-publicized issues with drug addiction in the 1990s . He went through treatment a number of times , including a year in the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison , before finally getting clean in 2001 . Indio Downey is the son of Downey and his first wife , Deborah Falconer . Downey and Falconer divorced in 2004 after almost 12 years of marriage . Robert Downey Jr. : Hollywood 's highest-paid actor  again John McEnroe 's son , Kevin , arrested on drug charges	Indio Falconer Downey was arrested during a West Hollywood traffic stop in June The elder Downey had much-publicized issues with drug addiction in the 1990s "  There 's a genetic component to addiction and Indio has likely inherited it , " actor 's rep says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dr. Ronald Dworkin tells the story of a woman who did n't like the way her husband was handling the family finances . She wanted to start keeping the books herself but did n't want to insult her husband . Antidepressants such as Paxil , Prozac and Lexapro are among America 's most-prescribed drugs . The doctor suggested she try an antidepressant to make herself feel better . She got the antidepressant , and she did feel better , said Dr. Dworkin , a Maryland anesthesiologist and senior fellow at Washington 's Hudson Institute , who told the story in his book "  Artificial Unhappiness : The Dark Side of the New Happy Class . " But in the meantime , Dworkin says , the woman 's husband led the family into financial ruin . "  Doctors are now medicating unhappiness , " said Dworkin . "  Too many people take drugs when they really need to be making changes in their lives . " For Dworkin , the proof is in the statistics . According to a government study , antidepressants have become the most commonly prescribed drugs in the United States . They 're prescribed more than drugs to treat high blood pressure , high cholesterol , asthma , or headaches . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen discusses the CDC study on antidepressants " In its study , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at 2.4 billion drugs prescribed in visits to doctors and hospitals in 2005 . Of those , 118 million were for antidepressants . High blood pressure drugs were the next most-common with 113 million prescriptions . The use of antidepressants and other psychotropic drugs -- those that affect brain chemistry -- has skyrocketed over the last decade . Adult use of antidepressants almost tripled between the periods 1988-1994 and 1999-2000 . Between 1995 and 2002 , the most recent year for which statistics are available , the use of these drugs rose 48 percent , the CDC reported . Many psychiatrists see this statistic as good news -- a sign that finally Americans feel comfortable asking for help with psychiatric problems . "  Depression is a major public health issue , " said Dr. Kelly Posner , an assistant professor at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City . "  The fact that people are getting the treatments they need is encouraging . " She added that 25 percent of adults will have a major depressive episode sometime in their life , as will 8 percent of adolescents . "  Those are remarkably high numbers , " Posner said . While Posner says genuine depression is driving the prescription numbers , Dr. Robert Goodman , an internist in New York City , says the real force behind skyrocketing antidepressant prescription rates is pharmaceutical marketing to doctors and to consumers . "  You put those two together and you get a lot of prescriptions for antidepressants , " he said . He questions whether all those prescriptions are necessary . "  It 's hard to believe that number of people are depressed , or that antidepressants are the answer , " he said . Goodman is the founder of a group called "  No Free Lunch , " a group that encourages doctors to reject gifts from pharmaceutical companies . He added that patients sometimes see ads for antidepressants on television and ask doctors for the drugs -- and that studies show these requests work . In a study published two years ago in the Journal of the American Medical Association , actors pretending to be patients went to doctors in the San Francisco area and said they were depressed . The "  patients " who asked for an antidepressant were significantly more likely to get a prescription for one than patients who did n't ask for an antidepressant . "  Patients ' requests have a profound effect on physician prescribing in major depression and adjustment disorders , " concluded the study 's authors . But Posner 's concern is about under-prescribing , not over-prescribing . "  Fifty percent of African-Americans who have depression do n't seek treatment for it , " she said . "  Not enough people are getting the treatment they need . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent for CNN Medical News . Senior producer Jennifer Pifer and intern Rachel Zelkowitz contributed to this report .	CDC : Antidepressants most-prescribed drugs in the U.S. Of 2.4 billion prescriptions in 2005 , 118 million were for antidepressants Expert : 25 percent of adults will have a major depressive episode at some point
CNN  -- Mad cow disease , SARS and now swine flu : Some diseases grab the headlines . But thousands of people worldwide suffer from very rare conditions , many of which few people have ever heard of . England 's King George III may have suffered from porphyria , a disorder that affects the nervous system . From the Alice in Wonderland syndrome that might have inspired Lewis Carroll , to the disease that may have sent an English King mad , we take a look at some of these obscure illnesses . Morgellons According to the Morgellons Research Foundation , crawling , biting and stinging sensations and the emergence of strange blue , black or red fibers from the skin characterize a disease that nearly 14,000 people suffer from , according to the Foundation . This is often accompanied by exhaustion , short-term memory loss , joint pain and changes in vision . The condition was named Morgellons in 2002 by a mother who believed her two-year-old son was suffering from the disease . The name comes from a 17th century skin condition found in France , in which children died after the emergence of ` dark hair . ' However , there is much debate over whether the condition actually exists . In March 2008 , the Journal of Dermatologic Therapy reported that most doctors believe it to be form of delusion , in which sufferers falsely believe they are infected with parasites . Consequently , the fibers in the skin are thought to be textile-based , picked up by oozing scabs resulting from more common conditions such as eczema or scabies . The U.S. based Center For Disease Control and Prevention recently announced it would investigate the disease after an increased number of inquiries from the public . See photos of people living with rare diseases " Progeria Progeria is congenital , meaning a defect or damage to a fetus . Sufferers of this fatal illness have a striking appearance resembling premature ageing , but die at an average age of 13 . Profound growth delays begin at between nine and 24 months , leading to abnormal facial developments such as a disproportionately small face , bulging , prominent eyes and an underdeveloped jaw . By the age of two , hair from the scalp , eyebrows and eyelashes is lost . The U.S. National Organization of Rare Disorders  NORD  says sufferers eventually lose the layer of fat beneath the skin and , in time , elasticity is lost in artery walls , leading to fatality via heart attack or stroke in 90 percent of sufferers . Water allergy Known to have ever affected only 30 people , water allergy or "  aquagenic urticaria " is extremely rare , but its existence has been confirmed by the Medical Review Board . Sufferers appear to be allergic to water . It usually occurs late in life and often as a consequence of a hormonal imbalance brought about by giving birth . A case emerged in the UK in April this year , leaving a 21-year-old mother unable to drink water or get caught in the rain because her skin develops a painful burning rash . She can shower for a maximum of 10 seconds per week and can drink only Diet Coke . It is not strictly an allergy but a hypersensitivity to the ions found in non-distilled water . Foreign accent syndrome Sufferers of foreign accent syndrome inexplicably find themselves talking in an unrecognizable dialect . Only 60 cases have ever been recorded . Doctors initially dismissed it as a psychiatric problem , but in 2002 , scientists at Oxford University , England , observed that sufferers shared the same brain abnormalities , which led to changes in speech pitch , lengthening of vowel sounds and other irregularities . According to the Journal of Neurolinguistics , sufferers do n't necessarily have to have been exposed to the accent they adopt : their new voice is not , strictly speaking , a foreign accent , but the changes in speech often bear a striking resemblance to other world accents . The first case concerned a Norwegian woman in 1941 , who developed a strong German accent and was ostracized from her community . Laughing Death Laughing Death , more commonly known as Kuru , was exclusive to the tribal Fore people of New Guinea . The disease , which was characterized by sudden bursts of maniacal laughter , hit the headlines in the 1950s and drew in doctors from around the world . U.S. and Australian physicians observed men and women with shaking limbs , which subsided with rest , but a month to three months later sufferers would begin to sway and stumble , lose the ability to stand , become cross-eyed and lose the power of coherent speech before eventually dying . The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke reported that tests on the deceased showed death had been caused by the emergence of holes in the brain , known as "  swiss-cheesing . " Eventually the U.S. physician Carleton Gajdusek worked out that the infection was being passed on through the village custom of eating family members after death . When cannibalism was eliminated , the epidemic came to an end . In 1976 , Gajdusek was awarded the Nobel Prize for his work . Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva  FOP In 1938 , when American Harry Eastlack was five-years-old , he broke his leg . The fracture did n't set properly , his hip and knee stiffened up and , bizarrely , bone growths developed on the muscles of his thigh . By his mid 20s , the vertebrae of his back had begun to fuse together . When he died aged 39 in 1973 , he was able to move only his lips . He suffered from fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva  FOP  , a rare disease affecting some 1 in 2 million people , in which the body 's tendons and ligaments undergo a strange metamorphosis , essentially a transformation into bone . The condition is congenital and characterized by a malformation of the big toe that is present at birth . Eastlack donated his skeleton to research of the disease , and it is on display at the Mutter Museum in Philadelphia . The International FOP Association continues to research this extremely rare condition . Alice in Wonderland syndrome According to the Oxford Handbook of Clinical Medicine , sufferers of Alice in Wonderland syndrome perceive objects as being far smaller than they are . The condition , also known as micropsia or Lillliput sight , can also affect the sense of hearing , touch and perceptions of one 's own body image . Learn more about rare disorders " The syndrome is associated with migraine headaches and named after Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , in which Alice goes through many bizarre experiences similar to those which might be experienced by a micropsia sufferer . The fact that Carroll suffered from migraines is well documented , and some speculate that his suffering may have prompted many passages in the work . Porphyria Purple urine and feces make porphyria infamous , as does the fact that the "  mad " 18th century English King George III may have suffered from it . Porphyria leads to complications in the production of ` heme , ' a protein vital to red blood cells , and affects the skin and nervous system . Attacks lead to abdominal pain , stomach cramps , nausea , vomiting and constipation . NORD lists other symptoms including increasing sensitivity to the sun , itching and swelling . Increased hair growth on the forehead may also occur . Toxins resulting from the failed heme production can affect the coloring of other areas , especially after exposure to sunlight . Sometimes the teeth and fingernails can adopt a reddish appearance . It is these toxins that lead to the dark urine and feces . Mary Queen of Scots , Vincent Van Gogh , and King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon may have suffered from this disease . Pica The magpie , Latin name pica , will eat anything , and so will sufferers of pica syndrome . Almost always pregnant women or children , sufferers develop an appetite for non-nutritive substances , such as paint , clay , plaster or dirt , or alternatively items that are more commonly considered to be food ingredients , such as raw rice , flour or salt . It can only be considered pica if the appetite persists for over a month and the sufferer is of an age where eating these objects is considered developmentally inappropriate . Medical researchers have tenuously linked pica with a mineral deficiency , but according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders , experts have yet to nail down a real , firm cause or cure for this strange disorder . Moebius syndrome Moebius is extremely rare , genetic and characterized by complete facial paralysis . Sufferers can not close their eyes , look from side to side , or form facial expressions . Limb abnormalities such as clubbed feet and missing fingers are often also present . According to the Moebius Syndrome Foundation , most cases are isolated , with no notable family history , and sufferers go on to lead long and healthy lives . Family members often learn to recognize body language , posture and vocal tone as communicators of emotion , and sometimes claim they forget the person has facial paralysis altogether .	A look at some of the rarest diseases in the world Morgellons sufferers say strange fibers emerge from their bodies Others like Progeria sees the aging process accelerate much faster than usual
CNN  -- Jupp Heynckes has poured cold water on suggestions he could take over at Real Madrid by announcing he will take a break from football after leading Bayern Munich to a historic treble . The veteran coach 's team beat Stuttgart in the final of the German Cup last weekend to win a third major honor of the season , adding to the European Champions League and German Bundesliga trophies secured last month . "  The first thing I 'm going to do is go on holiday , " Heynckes , who first managed Bayern between 1987 and 1991 , told reporters on Tuesday . "  I wo n't be taking up any engagement after July 1 , neither here in Germany nor abroad . I 'm going to withdraw , recover , and become a private individual . " Bayern announced in January that former Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola would take over the team for the 2013-14 season , with many presuming Heynckes would call time on his managerial career . Blog : Can Chelsea go ` Back to the Future ? ' But the style with which Bayern secured a trio of titles , including a 7-0 aggregate thrashing of Barca in the Champions League semifinals , led to the 68-year-old being mooted as a possible to successor to Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid . It was announced Monday Mourinho is returning to his former club Chelsea on a four-year deal . Heynckes led Real to Champions League glory in 1998 but was sacked for finishing fourth in the Spanish league . Paris Saint-Germain coach Carlo Ancelotti has also been heavily linked with the Madrid vacancy . Heynckes began his third spell as Bayern coach in 2011 , replacing the sacked Louis van Gaal after the club had limped to a third-place finish in the Bundesliga . The former West Germany player also took charge of the team for five games in 2009 following the dismissal of Jurgen Klinsmann . "  The coaching job at FC Bayern costs a huge amount in terms of resolve , power and energy , " Heynckes said . "  Especially over the last few weeks , I 've sensed that I 've been at the limit . It was incredibly demanding , incredibly all-encompassing . While Heynckes distanced himself from any current vacancy , he refused to rule out a future position , adding : "  I have something personal against finality . " "  Of all of us , he 's the one who deserves his vacation the most , " declared Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . "  The entire club is eternally grateful to Jupp . There could n't be a better or more deserved way to say farewell . " Bayern president Uli Hoeness echoed Rummenigge 's sentiments , saying Heynckes ' achievements had cemented his place in the club 's history . "  Our friend is probably leaving Munich , but that wo n't end our friendship . It 's become even deeper , " Hoeness said .	Bayern Munich 's treble-winning coach Jupp Heynckes plans to take a break from football The 68-year-old will be replaced by former Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola next season Bayern won the European Champions League , German championship and German Cup Heynckes had been hotly-tipped to fill the coaching vacancy at Real Madrid
French President Francois Hollande said he and France 's first lady were going through "  painful moments , " as he faced questions Tuesday over an alleged affair with an actress . In his first appearance before the media since the allegations surfaced in the French tabloid Closer linking Hollande romantically to actress Julie Gayet , the President was immediately asked about his personal life when he handed the floor to journalists following a nearly 40-minute speech . Asked whether his partner , Valerie Trierweiler , was still the first lady of France , Hollande said personal affairs should be dealt with in private . "  Everybody in their personal lives can go through hardships . This is the case for us , " he said . "  These are painful moments , but I have one principle : Private affairs are dealt with in private . This is not the place nor the time to do this . " Hollande and Trierweiler are expected next month on a state visit to the United States at the invitation of President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle . Their itinerary includes a February 11 state dinner at the White House . Speaking at the Elysee Palace to outline his new-year plans for the economy , Hollande said he would clarify the situation before the February trip . The allegations , which emerged Friday , have sparked a media firestorm of a kind not usually seen in France , where privacy is closely guarded . Trierweiler was hospitalized shortly after the report appeared . "  Catastrophic scenario " According to French national daily Le Monde , Hollande 's news conference -- the first of 2014 and only his third in office -- was supposed to be a chance for the embattled leader , who has seen his popularity slump since his 2012 election , to relaunch his agenda . Instead , it is a "  catastrophic scenario , " the newspaper reported -- with him trying to deal with questions about his private life as briefly as possible and turn the focus back to economic matters . Jean-Francois Cope , leader of the opposition UMP , told television channel France 5 over the weekend that the allegations were "  disastrous for the image of the presidential office , " adding that the story was dominating international media coverage of France . Former Prime Minister Alain Juppe , also of the UMP , is quoted by CNN affiliate BFMTV as saying that "  many people overseas who specialize in ` French bashing ' are having a field day . " Asked if there should be moves to formalize the position of the first lady -- in contrast to the United States , the partner of the French president has no defined status -- Juppe said that might not be the solution . "  In France , we love status . We can create a status for the first lady and for the second lady as well , perhaps , " he joked . Hospitalization Patrice Biancone , head of Trierweiler 's Elysee office , told CNN on Sunday the first lady had been hospitalized since Friday . He said she "  needed rest " and he hoped she would leave the hospital early this week . "  We all know why she went in after the story came out , " said Biancone , clearly making the link between the revelations of the magazine and Trierweiler 's hospitalization . Hollande , 59 , left his longtime common-law wife , Segolene Royal -- the mother of his four children -- for Trierweiler , 48 , before the 2012 presidential election . The two are not married but live together , and she makes official state appearances . They met when Trierweiler was a reporter for Paris Match magazine . She still works for the publication . Right to privacy Hollande did not tackle the claims in the Closer article head-on as he announced ideas to tackle unemployment and measures such as deep public spending cuts to boost economic growth , which he said had to be "  as vigorous as possible . " The story has however prompted questions in French media about Hollande 's right to privacy , whether his security may have been jeopardized during his alleged liaisons , and Trierweiler 's future status as first lady . Closer reported that Hollande had been slipping out of the back door of the Elysee Palace and hopping on a motor scooter driven by a bodyguard to Gayet 's apartment . The magazine also said the bodyguard brought croissants to the apartment one morning . Asked whether his security was jeopardized in this case , the President said , "  My security is insured everywhere and all times . Privately I go around with less security . People should not worry . " Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but has threatened legal action . A statement from his entourage Friday to news agency Agence France-Presse said Hollande "  deeply condemns the attacks on the right to privacy which he has a right to like every other citizen . " A survey last month by French polling organization Ifop gave Hollande an approval rating of 22 % , a rise of 2 percentage points from the previous month , when he hit a record low . Hollande , who was elected after campaigning to put growth before austerity and introduce higher taxes on the rich , has been urged by his European partners and international institutions to be bolder with his economic reforms . France 's faltering economic performance last year , accompanied by stubbornly high unemployment figures , led to fears the second-biggest economy in the eurozone could act as a brake on the region 's fragile recovery .	Francois Hollande says he 'll clarify status of first lady before February trip to U.S. Hollande says personal affairs should be dealt with in private A French magazine has alleged he is having an affair with actress Julie Gayet France 's first lady , Valerie Trierweiler , was hospitalized after the report surfaced
CNN  -- "  Can I have a Blackhawk magazine vest ? " the young man , in his mid twenties sporting a scruffy beard and cargo pants , asked . "  With four magazine pouches , or six ? " the shopkeeper responded . A six-pouch vest was sold for $ 27 . In this market in the center of Kabul with over 50 shops , you can find anything from used U.S. army fatigues to Campbell 's New England clam chowder and Uncle Ben 's classic cornbread stuffing mix . Some of it is gear thrown away from the largest U.S. military base in Bagram , just a 45-minute drive north of Kabul , and some of it is stolen goods from the massive convoys supplying U.S. soldiers around the country . In recent years , the market has also been corrupted -- like many other things in Afghanistan -- and flooded with Chinese bootlegged goods . But one thing about this market has stayed the same -- nearly four years after the 43rd U.S. president left office , it 's still named after him : the Bush Market . As American voters prepare to choose between Barack Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney , Afghans fear that the silence over this war during the campaign means it has been relegated further down in U.S. foreign policy priorities . Postcard : Athenians fear what follows U.S. election "  We had high hopes that this war , as the U.S. 's most pressing foreign policy issue , would stir a debate among the candidates , " said Fawzia Koofi , a member of the Afghan parliament . "  But the war is no longer acceptable to most of the Americans -- and the candidates have skillfully skirted around the issue , talking about it based on U.S. realities and not realities on the ground in Afghanistan . " But for Afghanistan , a change at the White House in shaky times during this 11-year-old war would have clear consequences , just as the war 's evolution since the Bush administration shows . More : Is latest Afghan attack a troubling first ? Ordinary Afghans , says Gran Hewad of the Afghan Analyst Network , are watching two issues in the candidates ' agendas . "  Afghans are mostly concerned with the candidates ' stance on Pakistan , and their plans and promises for post-2014  U.S. troop withdrawal  , " says Hewad . The Afghan and American governments have repeatedly cited Pakistan as the sanctuary for the Taliban leadership , from where they lead their increasingly adaptive insurgency inside Afghanistan . A public debate about how each of the candidates plans to proceed in Afghanistan after U.S. drawdown by 2014 is crucial because so much of the country 's immediate fate , particularly economically , is tied to the U.S. presence . Postcard : Should U.S. raise fist to Cuba ? "  What has the U.S. done for my life in the past decade that I can afford to watch the news ? " responded a Kabul taxi driver when asked whether he is aware of the U.S. election . "  I make $ 400 a month in my day job and drive taxi at night -- when do I have time to know who is better , Obama or the other one . " For years , the vast number of U.S. military vehicles on Kabul streets was a daily reminder of the country 's dependency on America . Today , Afghan forces have largely replaced them . But every time a young Afghan loses his or her job because a Western company tied to America 's presence here is packing up , the dependency is felt in a more profound way . More : Green-on-blue attacks mean no easy way out In the past decade , Afghanistan has seen the development of a younger professional class , much thanks to the opportunities of higher education offered by newly opened affordable private universities . This professional class answers the dire lack of capacity and speaks to a much-needed generational shift that is necessary in Afghanistan . The growth of the young professional class has happened in a very predatory economic environment . The pouring in of U.S. dollars has inflated the market , creating an unprecedented culture of corruption -- as well as a new elite who believe money can get them everything . Two former commanders in the north were locked in a heated rivalry over a seat in the parliament during the 2010 election , as a commonly told story in Afghanistan goes . One of them offered to settle the issue through a peculiar challenge : "  Let 's start a fire of dollar bills under two separate pots and cook a meal . Whoever 's cooked first would be the winner of the seat . " The story illustrates the new money-fuelled political reality in today 's Afghanistan . A campaign debate over the future of America 's role in Afghanistan would make it clear whether Washington has the patience to see through the generational shift in Afghanistan , leaving it in a more sustainable state , or whether it will leave it cold in its current political quagmire . Postcard : Why India longs for U.S. election Major campaign developments such as Mitt Romney 's tax releases and the first presidential debate found slots in the Afghan evening news . ToloNews , the country 's largest private channel , picked up Paul Ryan 's criticism on a radio channel of Obama 's policy in Afghanistan -- a manifestation of how curious the Afghan audience is about their agendas , pouncing on any hint they give . Ryan said Obama 's decision to withdraw 33,000 troops out of Afghanistan had been a political one that put the lives of remaining soldiers at risk . "  We would never put politics ahead of what our commanders say is necessary to do the job and keep our soldiers as safe as possible when they 're prosecuting this war , " Ryan said . But the print press largely seems disappointed in the lack of debate on the war here . "  The developments in the Arab world and the crisis in the West 's relations with Iran over the nuclear program has resulted in Afghanistan being relegated into a secondary issue for the U.S. and the West , " read one editorial in 8-Subh , the country 's largest private newspaper , last month . "  Experience has shown that forgetting Afghanistan is a strategic mistake , " the editorial concluded . In Afghanistan , where power has been progressively centralized in president Hamid Karzai , it is more important to gauge what he might be looking for in the U.S. elections . The next U.S. president , whoever he is , will have to deal with Karzai . And regardless of which of the many scenarios materialize after Karzai 's current  and final  presidential term ends , one thing is clear : he will remain a major power broker in Afghanistan . More : Leon Panetta refutes Karzai criticism Over the past decade Karzai has undoubtedly had a much warmer relationship with the Republicans . He enjoyed great access to George Bush until the end of his term . A sign of the consistency in their relationship , Karzai and Bush talked via videoconference once a month . "  The president would have his son , Mirwais , on his lap . Laura would be sitting next to Bush . It was quite a warm relationship , " one Karzai aide recalled . When president Obama took office , he put an end to the monthly conferences , taking a harsher stance against Karzai -- one that has clearly backfired . Karzai has increasingly felt the Democrats have tried to undermine him , particularly when he ran for his final reelection . "  The president believed they were n't trying to defeat him , but to wound him , " a Karzai confidant said . A wounded Karzai , with his local legitimacy undermined , would be more obliging of White House orders . The messy election went to the second round . Karzai remained in office , but a very changed man in his views towards America and the democrats . GPS : Five ways to help fix Afghanistan While Karzai might be favoring a return of the Republicans , Afghan lawmaker Koofi believes he wo n't enjoy as warm a relationship even if Romney wins . "  Karzai 's performance in recent years -- his inability to improve governance that is seriously putting the U.S. project at risk of failure -- means he will be a liability for the Republicans to have a warm relationship with , " said Koofi . A Republican return to the White House , Koofi says , might return the focus to the war against terrorism at a time when a much hyped "  peace process " is not bringing results . The Republicans have maintained a much clearer definition of the Taliban , while under the Democrats the definition has been blurred during efforts to reach a negotiated settlement to the war . But others believe it 's not the Republican party of four years ago that would push for continuing this war . They want out of Afghanistan as much as Obama does . No matter who wins the November vote in the U.S , one thing is clear : the Bush Market in Kabul is likely to retain its name after the Republican who began this war . "  During the time of the Russians , there was a market named after Brezhnev , " said Haji Khan Agha , a retired army officer who owns a shop at Bush Market . "  Many years after Gorbachev had come to power , the market was still called the Brezhnev Market . "	Many in Kabul fear the Afghanistan war is no longer a U.S. priority Afghans are concerned with Romney and Obama 's stance on Pakistan Mashal : Hamid Karzai feels the Obama administration has tried to undermine him
CNN  -- When Debbie Wasserman Schultz visited her friend Gabrielle Giffords in the hospital last week , she talked to her about the demonstrations in Egypt and the Republicans ' proposed budget cuts -- not exactly topics you might expect during a hospital visit . But Wasserman Schultz says she remembers what she wanted to talk about when she was hospitalized with breast cancer a few years ago . "  As much as  Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly  cares about her , he does n't know all the fun stories about what 's going on in Washington , " she said . "  There 's only 435 of us in the House of Representatives , and I knew she 'd want to be caught up on what 's going on , so I told her stories about different colleagues and who said what . " In the nearly six weeks since the Arizona Democrat was shot , Wasserman Schultz , a Florida Democrat , has made three trips to visit her friend : two to Tucson and one to Houston , where Giffords is in a rehabilitation hospital . She 's planning another trip there in a few weeks . She fits the travel into her busy schedule because she remembers how important such visits were to her when she was recovering from her seven breast cancer surgeries , including a double mastectomy , breast reconstruction and removal of her ovaries . "  Being hospitalized and sidelined in such a significant way can be so isolating , and Gabby is even more isolated from the world than I was . She 's isolated in her own body while she 's recovering , " she said . Wasserman Schultz says that even though Giffords could n't speak to her during a visit two weeks ago , she felt that Giffords understood what she told her and appreciated the visit . "  She reacts with facial expressions as she would ordinarily , just without words , " she said . "  She smiles ; she frowns ; she laughs . " When Wasserman Schultz tried to think about what gift her friend would most want , the answer was easy : Giffords would want someone to help take care of the people in her district in Arizona . "  Her constituents are so important to her , and my staff jumped right in to help with constituent services , " she said . Wasserman Schultz 's own constituents say they feel like well-cared-for friends , even when they do n't live near the congresswoman . Eleven years ago , doctors told Rixys Alfonso her 2-year-old son , Devin Alvarez , was going to die . Her doctor in Florida said there were no more treatments left to treat his congenital disease , called Sprengle 's deformity , and Florida Medicaid was unwilling to pay for her son to go a surgeon in Texas who could help him . Alfonso says that not only did Wasserman Schultz , then a member of the Florida Legislature , persuade Medicaid to pay for Devin to get treatment in Texas , but she 's called and visited him regularly even after moving to Washington in 2005 to become a member of Congress . "  If it were n't for Debbie , he 'd be dead , and she did n't have to do any of it , " Alfonso says . "  She 's a mom to the community . " Sometimes , when a friend who lives far away has a medical crisis , it 's tough to know how often to visit , what to say or what you can do to help without violating your friend 's and their family 's privacy . But Wasserman Schultz says that stepping forward can make a huge difference . In her case , her friends were "  critical " because she received all her care in Washington , while her husband , Steve Schultz , stayed home in Florida with their three young children , who were unaware of her breast cancer diagnosis . "  My mother was with me , but she works full-time and had to get back to work , so my girlfriends came up to be with me and rotated every few days so I 'd always have one of them with me , " she said . Here are tips from Wasserman Schultz and others about how to give your friend the best care you can even when you live far away . 1 . Know your friend If you 're not sure whether your friend wants to you to travel for a visit , ask . "  Everyone deals with illness differently , " Wasserman Schultz said . "  Some like to have a lot of interaction , and others are private . It really is very unique . "  In Gabby 's case , she ca n't express her opinion , so Mark 's got to do it for her , " she said . "  But in most cases , people can say what they want . " 2 . Make specific offers When television reporter Diem Brown got ovarian cancer five years ago at age 23 , many friends said something to the effect of "  let me know what I can do . " To her , that felt like an empty promise . "  I got very , very bitter . Everyone said , ' I want to help you , ' but I felt like it was n't real , " she remembered . What did help were friends who helped her figure out specifically what she needed . In her case , it was a wig -- a good one that cost $ 2,000 that she could wear on TV -- and her friends helped her pay for it . Brown , an entertainment reporter for Sky TV , has since started medgift.com , where patients can register for the gifts they want , just as couples make a wedding registry . 3 . Give the right gift If you ca n't send yourself to your friend , send the right gift . Carepages.com has some ideas , including a subscription to an online video rental service or an appointment for pampering at a spa for after the person has been discharged . "  You should try to put yourself in the person 's shoes when getting a gift , " Brown advised . "  For example , maybe they have a dog , and what they need is a service to walk the dog . " 4 . Call at night "  Know that nighttime is often the hardest time for people in crisis , " psychologist Gail Brenner writes on her blog . "  Call in the evening to check in . " 5 . Call weeks later Support often flows in when someone first becomes ill and then wanes when the illness goes on and on . Brenner suggests checking in with your friend weeks or months after the initial health crisis , when others may have stopped calling .	Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has visited Gabrielle Giffords three times in six weeks "  Being hospitalized ... can be so isolating , " she said Wasserman Schultz and others give tips about how to care for your friend
CNN  For those who hoped that the coming presidential election would usher in the dawn of a new , more inspiring politics , this past week has been deeply discouraging . In two key moments , leaders from both sides of the aisle have acted like the Bourbons of France , who famously remembered nothing and forgot nothing from battles of their past . The first and substantively more important moment was the sending of that letter by Republican senators to the Iranian regime . The second , and perhaps more important politically telling moment , was Hillary Clinton 's handling of her emails . The two cases are oddly related . In both instances , the principals started with legitimate concerns but have wound up making things worse . In both cases , the principals have also created divisive issues that will deepen polarization through the campaign and probably into the next presidency . Both have diminished the chances for breaking out of today 's ugly politics . Republicans in Congress have reason to press hard with their views as negotiations with Iran enter the home stretch . They , like many others -- including a sizable number of Democrats , the current Israeli government , and friendly Arab nations -- fear the Obama administration will cut a weak , leaky deal that will allow Iran to come perilously close to having nuclear weapons . Just as importantly , Republicans believe , with cause , that as he negotiates , President Barack Obama has tried to sideline Congress in general and them in particular . Who can blame them for arguing that if the President insists any agreement needs only executive approval -- not approval by Congress -- then the next chief executive should not be legally bound by its provisions ? Their basic concerns were not unreasonable . Thus , if they had sent exactly the same letter to the President , they would have caused a stir but would have been seen as within the norms of politics and statecraft . Instead , they made the mistake -- a wicked one -- of sending it to the terrorist leaders of Iran , leaving a clear impression they were out to sabotage both the deal and the President . We have had renegade members of Congress try to interfere with presidential negotiations in the past -- remember Sen. Jesse Helms ? -- but never 47 members of the United States Senate tossing a hand grenade into delicate , life-or-death negotiations conducted by seven major nations and led by the United States . Ayatollah Khamenei made clear this week that he may use the Republican letter as a pretext for rejecting any deal . Where do we go then ? Will talks collapse ? Will an Iranian rush toward the bomb set off a nuclear arms race , starting in Saudi Arabia , which is already taking preliminary steps ? Will the United States then be compelled to use military force against Iran ? Who knows for sure ? What we do know is that Iran is now almost certain to become a central issue in the 2016 presidential campaign and that the Republican nominee will be under relentless pressure from the right to adopt a hard , unyielding line . One can just imagine a number of GOP candidates pledging that if elected , they will abolish Obamacare on Day 1 and an Iranian agreement on Day 2 . This is hardly a way to restore steady , bipartisan foreign policies , as we so badly need . And why have Republicans forgotten so soon the damage done from voters thinking the last GOP president was too hard line and reckless ? On the other side of the aisle , Hillary Clinton had absolutely legitimate concerns about the security of emails she might send as secretary of state . As one who spent a year and a half at the Clinton White House and State Department , I could see first hand how they -- more than any president since Nixon -- were hounded by enemies and reporters trying to ferret out secrets to cause trouble or win a prize . It is small wonder that both Clintons still have scar tissue . Hillary Clinton 's mistakes did not start with creating an email protection system . No , they started when she and her team failed to coordinate up front with the State Department system and record all official exchanges within the government system on a prompt , air-tight basis . That did not break laws . But it did run afoul of government procedures and , when revealed , naturally gave rise to suspicions about what she might be hiding . In her press conference , she did accomplish her obvious mission : she began cutting legs off the story . In essence , she said one half of her emails  the official ones  are now safely with the State Department and , at her request , will gradually be made public . The other half  who knows what 's in there ?  have been deleted and she is keeping the server . In effect , she says , they are gone ... and gone forever , beyond Congressional subpoena , FOIA requests , and even hackers . What fresh revelations can the press now pursue ? Not many . And how can Republicans browbeat her in hearings without looking like bullies ? Hard to do . In short , the story may soon die . You just have to trust me , she says . Clever . But the very fact that instead of inviting a neutral , trusted party like Lee Hamilton to review all the emails , she chose to cut off the story by destroying the evidence comes with a price : she has freshly renewed public doubts whether she plays straight or by her own rules . Loyal Democrats will continue to invest their faith in her , but for many others , the controversy leaves a lingering sense of unease . And polarization deepens . She was always going to face a rough campaign , but now she will begin with clouds already gathering . More to the point , they will obscure her very real strengths as a leader . Around the world , many women look upon her with heartfelt admiration from her years of promoting their empowerment . And she has also has a strong case to make that she and her husband know something about job creation : 22.9 million were created in the eight Clinton years , more than in any other presidency since World War II  Reagan was second at 16.1 million ; there have been some 6.4 million in the first six Obama years .  . In short , she is worse off than she was before this controversy broke -- and so are American politics . Bill Clinton likes to say that politics is always about tomorrow -- and he is right . But candidates also need to remember and learn from yesterday . After this last week , they might start by reading a wonderful book by historian Barbara Tuchman published some 30 years ago : "  The March of Folly : From Troy to Vietnam . " There she argues that leaders often start out trying to do the right thing but take a wrong path , stubbornly stick with it despite all evidence and eventually wreck . Tuchman calls their refusal to learn from experience "  wooden-headedness " . We have seen too much wooden-headedness these past days .	David Gergen : Iran almost certain to become big issue in 2016 campaign Clinton 's mistakes did not start with creating email protection system , he says
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- Garry Mauro will never forget that night in 1972 when he says Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham ignored the post-election party surrounding them , instead preferring to huddle in a corner and talk about changing the future . Hillary and Bill Clinton worked on George McGovern 's 1972 campaign in Texas before they wed in 1975 . The young then-unmarried couple , attending Yale Law , were n't interested in letting off steam with their Democratic colleagues in Austin , Texas , according to Mauro , who 's now a strategist with Sen. Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign . The three were among a group of Young Turk Democrats working that summer to register voters in Texas . The Clintons had just started dating , said Mauro , who years later became Texas land commissioner . "  They obviously had a lot of respect for each other , and they would spend hours talking to each other . " More than 35 years on , Hillary Clinton has returned to Texas -- running a hard-fought campaign of her own and telling voters about her days there in the '70s . Mauro recalls the night it was all over in 1972 , after Democrat George McGovern lost to Republican Richard Nixon . He says he and the Clintons decided to let loose in lively Austin , paying $ 1.50 to see a Texas singer by the name of Willie Nelson before rambling back to a colleague 's tiny apartment . "  It was 2 o'clock in the morning , and everybody else had probably had too much to drink , except for Bill and Hillary -- who were drinking -LSB- soda -RSB- and having this intense discussion about the issues , " said Mauro . "  I 'm absolutely certain that 99 percent of what they were talking about was changing things in the future . " Mauro 's story underscores how Sen. Clinton 's lifelong political journey has come full circle in Texas . With the March 4 primary just days away , the place where the New York senator got her first job in presidential politics may become her launching pad to the White House -- or perhaps one of her final battlegrounds . Clinton and her Democratic rival Sen. Barack Obama have been dueling in the state for weeks , as polls show the candidates locked in a razor-thin race to win the biggest share of 193 Texas delegates , who are crucial to sewing up the party nomination . Another key state , Ohio , also holds its primary March 4 to allocate 141 delegates . Former officials from Clinton 's husband 's administration have openly discussed the challenges Clinton faces from Obama , who has defeated the New York senator in the past 11 contests . Exit polls after previous primaries show Obama is cutting into Clinton 's base by gaining support among blue-collar workers and Latino voters . Former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers called Texas a "  do-or-die test . " President Clinton 's former strategist James Carville said if the New York senator fails to win Ohio or Texas , "  This thing is done . " And the former president himself said if voters in Texas do n't deliver , "  I do n't think she can be " the party 's nominee . Mauro underscored the historic importance of the '08 election . "  We could n't have conceived of a woman running for president in 1972 , " said Mauro . "  It never would have occurred to people that you 'd have a presidential race between a woman and an African-American . " Obama leads Clinton in the crucial delegate count -- 1,369 to 1,267 , according to CNN calculations . The count includes superdelegates who have publicly declared their support for one of the candidates . Superdelegates consist of elected and party officials who are allowed to vote at the Democratic National Convention . They are free to vote for any candidate and are not bound by primary or caucus results . To win the nomination , 2,025 national convention delegates are needed . Neither candidate is expected to garner enough delegates in the remaining primaries and caucuses to take the nomination outright , and the roughly 800 superdelegates are likely to be the deciding factor . Mauro and the Clintons cut their political teeth in Texas during the 1972 election , knocking on doors and registering people -- many of them minorities -- to vote . Texas election workers often looked with suspicion at the so-called "  out-of-staters . " "  Most of them had a funny accent and really did n't know how to talk to people , " Mauro said . "  That was not the case with Hillary Clinton . She always established a rapport with the local officials she was working with -- even the ones that started out being aggressively negative . And she would always seem to move the ball forward . " Like other places in the South at the time , Texas still had pockets of racial segregation , Mauro said , and it reminded them how much work needed to be done . "  Sometimes we forget how far we 've come . In this city there were still bathrooms and water fountains that were segregated . There were lots of places African-Americans and Hispanics were not welcome and were not allowed . " When the Clintons , Mauro and their colleagues needed to let off steam in Austin , the town 's traditional watering holes filled the bill , places such as Armadillo Headquarters and the century-old Scholz Garten -- a German beer garden with an outdoor patio set under spreading oaks . See photos of Clinton through the years " "  Clinton acquitted ! " screams a framed 1999 headline from The Washington Post on the wall at Scholz . Other items adorning the walls feature former Presidents Ronald Reagan and Lyndon Johnson . Watch storied nightspot where Clintons hung out " When Bill Clinton returned to Texas for his own presidential run , they frequented Guero 's Taco Bar in Austin 's funky South Congress Avenue neighborhood , which trendsetters like to call SoCo . The friendships and alliances Sen. Clinton made during those days sowed the seeds of a statewide grassroots network of supporters that she 's counting on to win in 2008 . "  We 're going to use those spurs to help her get elected , " said Mauro . In general , said Mauro , a national election campaign is grueling . "  Most people only have a few good elections in them , " said Mauro . "  It 's really hard work . It 's grunt work . " For that reason , he said , "  That 's a pretty remarkable person to keep that enthusiasm and drive and continue to have that grit 30 years later . " E-mail to a friend	Longtime Clinton pal recalls boozy post-election party in '72 Newly dating Clinton and Rodham display early political intensity Will Texas rev up Clinton 's White House bid -- or end it all ? Ex-Clinton official Dee Dee Myers calls Texas "  do-or - die test "
CNN  -- Steffi Graf and Andre Agassi may have won the small matter of 30 grand slam singles titles between them but for the most famous couple in tennis their Olympic gold medals are the most cherished moments of legendary playing careers . Graf won singles gold for Germany when tennis was an exhibition event in Los Angeles in 1984 then followed it up with "  official " gold at Seoul four years years later . Agassi topped the podium for the United States at the Atlanta Games in 1996 and in an exclusive interview for CNN 's Open Court leaves no doubt where it stands in his list of achievements . "  Being on that podium was a boyhood dream , " he said . "  The medal around the neck , the national anthem , tears in my eyes . It 's an out of body experience . " Graf 's 1988 triumph was even more significant because it came in the same year she won all four grand slam tournaments . Sports Illustrated first coined the phrase "  Golden Slam " and it stuck . Unique experience Graf can also wax lyrical about the uniqueness of the Olympic experience . "  To me this was bigger than a grand slam , it was more special , " the 43-year-old said . "  It 's a different feeling , it 's very unique and definitely more special . " Given she was only 19 at the time , Graf 's achievements are all the more remarkable . When she arrived in South Korea she was feeling the effects of an arduous season , not to mention a grueling three-set victory over Gabriela Sabatini of Argentina in the U.S. Open final . Tsonga makes Olympic tennis history after marathon match "  I was a bit tired emotionally , probably physically as well , " Graf said . "  I just remember arriving at the airport and all the attention that I was getting , I just think I was n't quite prepared for it at that point . " But Graf was able to concentrate on the task in hand and it was Sabatini who was again her victim in the singles final , this time in straight sets . The German also won a bronze in the women 's doubles and completed a full set of Olympic medals after losing the gold medal match against Jennifer Capriati of the United States on the clay of Barcelona in the 1992 Olympics . Home soil Agassi was only 18 at the time of the Seoul Games and he also missed Barcelona . But inspired by his father Mike , who had boxed for Iran at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics -- losing in the early rounds both times -- Agassi was determined to take his chance on home soil . "  For me to be playing for my country and on top of it to be playing to achieve what my father had hoped for but had not accomplished in his Olympic experience , I just felt like I was playing for something larger than just me , " said the American , now 42 . Agassi had endured a generally below-par year by his high standards and it was to prove a tough battle for gold , but as the memories flooded back he reeled off in quick succession how he did it . "  Jonas Bjorkman , 7-6 7-6 . Karol Kucera , 6-3 6-4 . Gaudenzi  Andrea  , I was down a set and a break and beat him 6-3 in the third . Quarterfinals , Wayne Ferreira . He served for the match at 5-4 in the third and I ended up beating him 7-5 in the third . Leander Paes , who I beat in two rough sets , 7-6 6-4 . And then Sergi Bruguera . " Playing in 102 degrees Fahrenheit with high humidity at Stone Mountain , Agassi made light of the conditions to dispatch the Spaniard -- a two-time French Open champion -- in straight sets . He openly shed tears of joy during the medal ceremony that followed . "  I remember being on that podium and I remember that feeling of seeing it so many times over the years , what someone might be feeling when that gold medal is put round their neck , " Agassi said . "  Tears came to my eyes and my father was in the crowd so I was enjoying it on so many levels . " Olympic disappointment While her future husband was winning gold , Graf had the disappointment of sitting out the 1996 Olympics with a knee injury she aggravated while winning her seventh Wimbledon title earlier in the summer . While other top players had often been lukewarm about having tennis in the Olympics , Graf was almost evangelical in her support , feeding off her incredible experiences in Los Angeles , where as a 15-year-old she first made her golden mark in that exhibition event . Four years later Graf enthusiastically embraced the true spirit of the Games . "  I stayed in the village for quite a few days until it got too loud and noisy and then I had to move back to the hotel , " she said . Venus crashes out of Wimbledon "  I was out at the boxing , I went to see some of the track and field , some of the swimming competitions , so I was really trying to take it all in , but also trying to play . "  To get through the first few rounds and then playing for the gold medal was extraordinary . " By the time the 2000 Olympics in Sydney came around , Graf had retired from tennis and a year later she married Agassi . They now have two children , Jaden Gil and Jaz Elle . Agassi continued playing until 2006 , winning his final two grand slam titles at the Australian Open in 2001 and 2003 . It was his French Open triumph in 1999 that enabled Agassi to complete his own "  Golden Grand Slam " -- one of only two men , Rafael Nadal is the other -- to win all the four majors and Olympic gold . Proud parents As proud parents -- on a nominated "  professions day " once a year -- Agassi and Graf visit the Las Vegas school where they send their children to talk about their careers . "  We bring some trophies and all the children just want to take that gold medal , they want to hold it , they want to touch it . ` Is it real gold ? ' they ask , " Agassi said . So who will win that "  real gold " when Olympic tennis comes to Wimbledon , just 20 days after the finish of the All England Championships , won by Federer ? "  I look at the favorites being Djokovic and Federer , " Agassi predicted . As he speaks it is clear that he is envious of the current generation of greats getting the chance to have a double dose of glory at Wimbledon . "  It 's our Masters , it 's our Augusta , it 's our pillar , the one if you could win one , most athletes , most tennis players would tell you , separate from the Olympics , that Wimbledon is the one they want to win , " he said . "  So you combine that with the Olympics , that 's got to be sensory overload . I do n't know even how to put that into perspective of what that 's going to feel like . " Federer , should he repeat his Wimbledon heroics , would also complete the "  Golden Grand Slam " but Graf 's record of winning them all in one year may never be equaled . Big highlight With three different winners of women 's grand slams this season it will certainly stand for another four years . "  I think this is a big highlight of anybody 's career and I 'm pretty sure for anybody that you ask it 's a main goal , " Graf said . Serena Williams has already spoken of her desire to win a third Olympic gold medal in the women 's doubles with her elder sister Venus . After her fifth Wimbledon victory last month , the American is a hot favorite to double up -- as Venus did in 2000 . Meanwhile tennis ' golden couple will surely be keeping a keen eye on the action , finding time in between their busy schedule -- with their respective foundations and charities -- not to mention a busy family life with two very active children . "  A lot of different interests , very active . They keep us on our toes , " said Graf . "  We 're professional babysitters , " joked Agassi . "  The best job in the world , " his wife chimed in .	Steffi Graf and Andre Agassi both won Olympic gold medals in singles Graf completed the "  Golden Slam " in Seoul in 1988 after winning all four grand slams Agassi said his 1996 Atlanta win was a "  boyhood dream " Graf has full set of Olympic medals to add to 22 grand slam singles titles
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Gun battles between rival militias raged in several parts of the Libyan capital on Thursday night with no immediate reports of casualties . The sound of anti-aircraft gunfire and blasts echoed across Tripoli in one of the most intense incidents of militia infighting in the city since the fall of the Moammar Gadhafi regime two years ago . At least two people were killed and at least 29 were injured Thursday night , according to the state news agency LANA , citing security officials in the Libyan capital . The clashes , between a militia from the city of Misrata and Tripoli militiamen , broke out after a Misrata militia commander died as a result of injuries he suffered on Tuesday . Commander Nuri Fairwan was injured Tuesday in fighting between the two militias that began with a dispute at a Tripoli checkpoint and escalated . Witnesses in parts of the capital affected by the clashes said residential buildings and a five-star hotel were hit by the gunfire . Tripoli 's Radisson Blu Al Mahary Hotel , which houses Western diplomats and is frequented by journalists and business guests , was hit by several rounds of anti-aircraft gunfire , which caused some damage including shattered glass windows . Hotel staff and guests were led to the basement during the heavy fighting in the vicinity . More than two years after the end of Libya 's civil war , the country remains awash in weapons and militias with competing interests . Many Libyans are concerned about the deteriorating security situation in the country and the increasing power of militias who continue to operate freely . The weakness of Libya 's central government and its inability to build an army and police force was underscored last month with the kidnapping of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan by a militia in Tripoli , which seized him for a few hours before another militia released him .	NEW : At least two people killed , security officials say Nuri Fairwan , a commander of a Misrata militia , died of injuries he suffered Tuesday Fairwan was hurt when a checkpoint dispute escalated to violence The fighting is some of the most intense in Tripoli since the fall of Gadhafi in 2011
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors heard opening statements Tuesday in the murder trial of a teenager who is accused of gunning down a gay classmate execution-style in their Southern California junior high school classroom in 2008 . Brandon McInerney , who was 14 at the time of the shooting , is being tried as an adult on charges of first-degree murder , use of a handgun and a hate crime , said Ventura County Chief Deputy District Attorney Mike Frawley . McInerney , now 17 , allegedly shot 15-year-old Lawrence King , an eighth grader at E.O. Green Junior High School in Oxnard , California , twice while both were typing papers in a computer lab for their English class , authorities said . The trial is being held in Chatsworth , California , in neighboring Los Angeles County because the defendant successfully sought a change of venue in the high-profile case , Frawley said . King , an openly gay teenager , was seated in the middle of the classroom with two dozen students and their teacher when McInerney allegedly shot him in the back of the head , authorities said . McInerney managed to bring a handgun belonging to relatives inside the school , Frawley said . After the first shot , King fell to the ground , and McInerney allegedly stood over him and shot again , Frawley said . "  It was a coup de grace shot , " Frawley said of the second shot . "  There were no words exchanged . He just pulled out the gun and did it , " Frawley said Tuesday . "  The victim did n't even see it coming . " Both shots were at point-blank range , Frawley said . Friends said King was proud of being openly gay . He liked wearing jewelry and makeup to school , and he often wore high-heeled boots with the school uniform . He asked his teachers to call him Leticia instead of Larry . Some students bullied him , pupils said . King lived in a group home called Casa Pacifica , where workers said he started dressing like a girl . Other students said McInerney was also subject to some harassment because King had a crush on him and made it publicly known .	Lawrence King , 15 , was shot in the back of the head in English class in 2008 King was an openly gay eighth grader Classmate Brandon McInerney , now 17 , is being tried as an adult for murder
CNN  -- Bobby Hogg , the last native speaker of a dialect originating from a remote fishing village in northern Scotland , has died -- and so has the dialect he spoke . The death of the 92-year-old retired engineer means that the Scots dialect known as Cromarty fisherfolk is now consigned to a collection of brief , distorted audio clips . It is the first unique dialect to be lost in Scotland , according to Robert Millar , a reader in linguistics at the School of Language and Literature at Aberdeen University . "  Usually minority dialects end up blending in with standard English to form a hybrid . However , this is a completely distinct dialect which has become extinct , " he said . Cromarty fisherfolk appears to be the only descendant from the Germanic linguistic world in which no "  wh " pronunciation existed , Millar said . " ` What ' would become ` at ' and ` where ' would just be ` ere ' , " he said . It was also the Scots language 's only dialect that dropped the "  H " aspiration . A history of invented languages "  The loss of Cromarty is symptomatic of a greater , general decline in the use of the Scots language , " according to Director of Scottish Language Dictionaries Chris Robinson . "  This should be a wake-up call to save other struggling dialects . " Ten miles down the coast from Cromarty is Avoch , another sleepy fishing village with the closest surviving dialect to Cromarty fisherfolk , one that may also be endangered , according to Robinson . "  It looks more than likely that this will go the same way as the Cromarty dialect , " he said . The dialect of the peoples who originally resided on the shores of Cromarty -- which lies on the tip of Black Isle peninsula , a four-hour drive north of Edinburgh -- was directly linked to their traditional fishing methods . However , during the industrialization of fishing in the 1950s , established working methods were lost and the connection between the way of life and the dialect eroded . In fewer than 30 years , much of the dialect became obsolete . Millar argues that the decline in Scots language represents a wider global trend . "  Generally , in the literate world , local dialects are suffering . The highly mobile and technologically advanced areas of the world are worst affected , " he said . There are some 6,000 to 7,000 languages in the world and it is estimated that they are disappearing at a rate of one every two weeks , according to Millar . Some 96 % of the world 's population speak just 4 % of the world 's languages , he said . "  Most languages are only spoken by a few hundred people , " he added . Why mourn the loss of a language ? "  At a banal level , it 's a little bit of color in our lives is gone , " he said . "  Any time something dies , it 's lost . Whether it be languages or species , we lose something . Everyone in the world loses something . Diversity surely is a good thing , and we 've just lost a bit of it . " Greater communication and interdependence among communities is resulting in "  dialect homogenization , " Millar said . And people tend to abandon their own languages for one of the larger languages for good reasons , according to Anthony Aristar , professor of linguistics at Eastern Michigan University and director of the school 's Institute for Language Information and Technology . "  They want modern conveniences ; they want their children to have decent jobs , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  All this requires being able to speak in the dominant language . So they see little use in preserving their languages . " But the loss of a language often results in the loss of the stories that were told in that language , and in the cultural knowledge they contained . "  Even medical know-how , " he said . Robinson , of the Scottish Language Dictionaries , maintains that Scots minority dialects like Cromarty have faced other pressures . "  Educationally , English has been the language used in Scotland since the 18th century . Consequently , Scots speakers are not literate in their own language . Also , until recently , Scots has had a social stigma attached to it as a working-class or second-rate language . " Yet there are signs of improvement for the state of Scots minority dialects . More Scots books , especially children 's books , are being published than ever before . In addition , since 2009 , the Scottish government has provided funding for the Scottish Language Dictionaries , which has also given the language a status boost . The support has been seen as a natural progression from the move by Westminster in 2002 to sign the European Union Charter of Minority and Regional Languages recognizing Scots , Gaelic and Welsh as languages separate from English . Still , the rate of the worldwide loss of dialects and languages remains consistent . Robinson said he would like to see more efforts taken to safeguard minority Scots dialects . "  Scots has an amazing literary history , yet it is completely ignored in our schools , " he said . "  The books must be made more widely available and read more in schools for the language to survive in the future . " How to create a language from scratch CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Bobby Hogg was 92 The dialect , known as Cromarty fisherfolk , dies with him "  A little bit of color in our lives is gone , " linguist says
CNN  -- Paul Nicklen makes friends with polar wildlife , photographing seals , polar bears , narwhals and others in remarkable closeups . And Nicklen , a contributing photographer for the National Geographic , is passing along a message from the creatures he sees in the Arctic and Antarctica : They 're in trouble . The reason is that the sea ice is disappearing , removing a key element from the environment sustaining life . Nicklen , whose work has been recognized with multiple awards , tracked the rare spirit bear for a National Geographic cover story . From the age of 4 , when his family moved to Inuit territory in Canada , Nicklen has explored the region , in later years as a biologist and a photographer . He spoke at the TED2011 conference in Long Beach , California , in March , where he was interviewed by CNN . Watch Paul Nicklen 's TED Talk Nicklen pitched a project to the National Geographic on the leopard seal , a 12-foot long , 1,000-pound creature with a ferocious reputation . He was prepared for hostility but upon spotting one , he was surprised to find it tried to feed him its prey , penguins . "  So I went there terrified of what I might meet in this leopard seal and actually was nurtured and protected and cared for , " he said in the interview . "  It was the most incredible encounter of my career by far . " Nicklen said that polar bears could face extinction within 50 to 100 years if ice continues to recede . "  We know the science . We know that ice is disappearing and after a while it just becomes a statistic . And with my photography I want people to understand that if we lose ice , we stand to lose an entire ecosystem . "  This is our one chance at life on this planet . Our planet is in trouble and we are not reacting fast enough . "	Paul Nicklen photographs the wildlife of the polar regions He says receding sea ice poses major challenge to ecosystem Polar bears , many other creatures rely on ice to sustain life , he says
CNN  -- These are extraordinary times , and like a lot of Republicans I believe that a well-crafted stimulus plan is needed to put people back to work . But the Obama spending bill would stimulate the government , not the economy . Mitt Romney says Obama 's spending bill would stimulate the government rather than the economy . We 're on an economic tightrope . The package that passed the House is a huge increase in the amount of government borrowing . And we 've borrowed so much already that if we add too much more debt , or spend foolishly , we could invite an even bigger crisis . We could precipitate a worldwide crisis of confidence in America , leading to a run on the dollar or hyperinflation that wipes out family savings and devastates the middle class . It 's still early in the administration of President Obama . Like everyone who loves this country , I want him to adopt the correct course and then to succeed . He still has a chance to step in and insist on spending discipline among the members of his own party . It 's his job to set priorities . I hope for America 's sake that he knows that a chief executive ca n't vote "  present . " He has to say yes to some things and no to a lot of others . As someone who spent a career in the private sector , I 'd like to see a stimulus package that respects the productivity and genius of the American people . And experience shows us what it should look like . First , there are two ways you can put money into the economy , by spending more or by taxing less . But if it 's stimulus you want , taxing less works best . That 's why permanent tax cuts should be the centerpiece of the economic stimulus . Watch Romney make argument for tax cuts " Second , any new spending must be strictly limited to projects that are essential . How do we define essential ? Well , a good rule is that the projects we fund in a stimulus should be legitimate government priorities that would have been carried out in the future anyway , and are simply being moved up to create those jobs now . As we take out nonessential projects , we should focus on funding the real needs of government that will have immediate impact . And what better place to begin than repairing and replacing military equipment that was damaged or destroyed in Kuwait , Iraq and Afghanistan ? Third , sending out rebate checks to citizens and businesses is not a tax cut . The media bought this line so far , but they 've got it wrong . Checks in the mail are refunds , not tax cuts . We tried rebate checks in 2008 and they did virtually nothing to jump-start the economy . Disposable income went up , but consumption hardly moved . Businesses are n't stupid . They 're not going to invest in equipment and new hires for a one-time , short-term blip . What 's needed are permanent rate cuts on individuals and businesses . Fourth , if we 're going to tax less and spend more to get the economy moving , then we have to make another commitment as well . As soon as this economy recovers , we have to regain control over the federal budget , and above all , over entitlement spending for programs such as Social Security and Medicare . This is more important than most people are willing to admit . There is a real danger that with trillions of additional borrowing -- from the budget deficit and from the stimulus -- world investors will begin to fear that our dollars wo n't be worth much in the future . It is essential that we demonstrate our commitment to maintaining the value of the dollar . That means showing the world that we will put a stop to runaway spending and borrowing . Fifth , we must begin to recover from the enormous losses in the capital investment pool . And the surest , most obvious way to get that done is to send a clear signal that there will be no tax increases on investment and capital gains . The 2001 and 2003 tax cuts should be extended permanently , or at least temporarily . And finally , let 's exercise restraint in the size of the stimulus package . Last year , with the economy already faltering , I proposed a stimulus of $ 233 billion . The Washington Post said : "  Romney 's plan is way too big . " So what critique will the media have for the size of the Obama package ? In the final analysis , we know that only the private sector -- entrepreneurs and businesses large and small -- can create the millions of jobs our country needs . The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mitt Romney .	Mitt Romney : We 're in extraordinary times and we need to stimulate economy He says Obama 's plan would stimulate the government more than economy Giving people permanent tax relief would be better than higher spending , he says Romney : Business is better than government at creating millions of jobs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fifteen crew members of a South African Airways flight spent the night in jail after customs officials found marijuana and cocaine worth nearly half a million dollars hidden aboard a long-distance flight to London , British customs officials said Wednesday . South African Airways said it has a zero-tolerance approach towards any criminal activity . The 10 women and five men -- who include three pilots -- were detained on arrival from Johannesburg , South Africa , after customs officials found 50 kilograms  110 pounds  of marijuana and 4 kilograms  8.8 pounds  of cocaine in three pieces of baggage , HM Revenue and Customs said . The drugs are estimated to be worth a total of # 310,000  $ 428,000  , customs officials added . Border agents arrested the crew at London 's Heathrow Airport on suspicion of involvement in smuggling prohibited drugs into the United Kingdom , customs spokesman Bob Gaiger said . He said he was not able to disclose what led investigators to believe the suitcases belonged to the crew members . Customs officials interviewed the crew members overnight , and all were released on bail Wednesday pending further inquiries , Gaiger said . They were not charged , according to the airline . South African Airways said it launched its own investigation involving the airline 's security and the South African Police Service . "  SAA has a zero-tolerance approach towards the use of the airline 's services for any criminal activity , " airline spokeswoman Robyn Chalmers said .	10 women and 5 men were detained on arrival from Johannesburg London customs officials found marijuana and cocaine in baggage Officials : The drugs are estimated to be worth $ 428,000 South African Airways said it launched its own investigation
CNN  -- I was living in Syria when the statues of Saddam Hussein in neighboring Iraq came toppling down . Saddam , who had arrogantly had his name inscribed on bricks at the ancient city of Babylon , did not expect his rule to end so abruptly , so humiliatingly . And at the University of Damascus , students told me that they expected Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to fall soon , too . They were not alone . With 250,000 U.S. troops amassed in Iraq in 2003 , George W. Bush 's White House had contemplated rolling American tanks into the Syrian capital . The Middle East was to be reshaped in the image of American democracy . But events in Iraq , Afghanistan , and North Korea distracted the Pentagon , and the "  democratic domino theory " did not come to pass . Ten years after Iraq , did the war give birth to the Arab Spring ? Yes , the Iraq War had indirect connections to the Arab uprisings that swept the Middle East and northern Africa in 2011 . For one , the fall of Saddam must have psychologically empowered Arab opposition activists who saw that a Ba ` thist dictator and his sons could be removed from power . FULL COVERAGE : The Iraq War , 10 years on But it is a mistake to suggest that Arabs across the region were directly inspired by the fall of Saddam -- if that were true , they would have risen a decade ago . Why wait until 2011 ? The answer is that other , more direct developments led to the ongoing Arab revolutions . First , in the immediate aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 atrocities , Arab governments used the ensuing "  war on terror " to quell domestic dissent . When opposition Islamist parties questioned the legitimacy of Arab dictators , they were portrayed as al Qaeda sympathizers to the West , and their imprisonment in Cairo or Riyadh or Tripoli did n't raise international eyebrows . The violence of radical Islamists failed to topple strongmen in Egypt and Syria in the 1960s and 1980s . And once again , from 2001 to 2011 , government repression of less radical , nonviolent Islamists signalled to a younger generation of Arabs that Islamism could not overthrow autocratic regimes . WATCH NOW : Iraq 's phantom WMD Second , as the "  war on terror " unfolded , Islamists continued to fail in their decades-long pursuit to gain political office , and the widespread corruption and nepotism of regimes in Tunisia , Libya and Egypt sunk deeper , US support for Arab dictatorships also came into question . Then U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice put it best in June 2005 : "  For 60 years , my country , the United States , pursued stability at the expense of democracy in this region here in the Middle East , and we achieved neither . " These were not just empty words . The U.S. government identified civil society organizations and financially supported NGOs through the "  democracy promotion " agenda . During the Bush administration , annual funding for these programs exceeded the total amount spent on such programs in the entire decade to 2001 , according to the 2009 budget report from the Project on Middle East Democracy . Funding for the mostly secular democracy activists was bolstered by the training provided for them in use of social media in mobilizing people . The invention and popularity of Facebook and Twitter helped young Arabs bypass communications controlled by their dictators . Even if this U.S.-funded training in creating political parties , electioneering , communication and media training only reached a small portion of the population , is it any wonder that English-speaking , elite , urban Arabs took to Facebook and Twitter to help overthrow dictators ? Yes , there were local grievances and the uprisings were homegrown . The Arab uprisings belong to the Arab youth . But they were also responding by using modern technology to amplify the mood music of Western belief that Arabs too could create free societies . They were not an exception . WATCH : Lingering effects of war on Iraqis Why else were Arab protesters ' attention focused on the Obama White House as they demanded the president call on Mubarak to depart ? As Turkey pressured the White House to oppose Mubarak , Saudi Arabia pressured Obama to support Mubarak -- and in that way the uprisings revolved to some degree around the messages sent from the U.S. government . The Arab Spring was going to happen with or without Saddam Hussein , but it would not have happened had it not been for the attacks of September 11 . In fact , in many ways the Iraq War has prevented more from being done to aid the uprisings , hindering global resolve in attending to the killing fields of the full-blown civil war in Syria . OPINION : Media 's failure on Iraq still stings It is the ghost of Iraq that prevents the U.S. from leading attempts to topple the brutal Assad regime in Damascus . Regime change has consequences , as we learned in Iraq . There will be no new commitments to "  nation build " again , or re-train police and security forces in a far off Arab land . The sectarianism , tribalism , Jihadism , border skirmishes and threat of chemical weapons use in Syria reminds U.S. policymakers of the American and Arab blood and treasure sacrificed in Iraq . And to what avail ? The ongoing loss of life in Syria is a direct result of U.S. foreign policy blunders in Iraq . Syrians are the victims of America 's Iraq adventure . So as we ponder the last decade and current Arab uprisings , let us not gloat about the "  success " of Iraq . Iraq is not a success . It is now an ally of Iran , home to a prime minister who persecutes his own political opposition , and unashamedly supports the Assad regime in Syria . Egyptians , Yemenis , Libyans , and Tunisians were not inspired by America in Iraq . The opinions expressed in this opinion piece are solely those of Ed Husain .	Husain : Fall of Saddam Hussein pyschologically empowered Arab opposition Other , more direct developments had greater effect on Arab Spring Iraq War has prevented more from being done to aid Arab Spring , especially in Syria
CNN  -- Manchester United came a goal behind and shrugged off the early loss of Michael Owen to injury to beat German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 for their second victory in Champions League Group B. Giggis is congratulated by teammates after scoring his 150th goal for United . Owen , looking to impress watching England manager Fabio Capello , survived for just 20 minutes at Old Trafford before going off with a groin strain . His replacement Dimitar Berbatov proved highly effective but the enterprising visitors went ahead through a Edin Dzeko header in the 56th minute . Ryan Giggs equalized just three minutes later with his 150th goal for the Red Devils , his deflected shot finding its way home . The evergreen Giggs then set up Michael Carrick for the 76th minute winner as he curled home his shot from the edge of the penalty area . United manager Alex Ferguson paid his own compliment to the Welsh wizard as he reflected on a hard-fought home victory . "  He 's unbelievable , all the infinitives , all the praise over the years , I do n't know if you can add to it . He 's a marvellous player . " Ferguson also revealed that Owen would be out for between two to three weeks with his latest injury . The three points leave United top of the group with two wins from two games after their eighth victory in a row in all competitions . In the other Group B action on Wednesday , CSKA Moscow bounced back from their 2-1 defeat to Wolfsburg in the first round of matches to see off Turkish champions Besiktas 2-1 . Midfielders Alan Dzagoev and Milos Krasic scored for the hosts either side of half time , with Besiktas , beaten in their first two games , pulling a goal back thorugh Ismail Koybasi . In Group A , the heavyweight clash between Bayern Munich and Juventus ended in a goalless draw . Munich had several chances in their home Allianz Arena , but failed to convert them although they do top the group with four points . French champions Bordeaux are in second place on three points after a 1-0 home win over Israeli counterparts Maccabi Haifa . Having drawn with Juventus in their group opener , Laurent Blanc 's men had wait until the 83rd minute for a vital breakthrough as Michael Ciani headed home from Gregory Sertic 's corner . Juventus are third in the group after two draws , with Maccabi bottom after drawing blank .	Manchester United beat VfL Wolfsburg 2-1 in Champions League Group B Michael Carrick scores winner after Ryan Giggs equalizes for Red Devils Bayern and Juventus draw 0-0 in Group A clash in Munich
BUZZARDS BAY , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A crew member aboard a freighter seized by pirates off east Africa said Wednesday that the crew had captured one of four pirates who hijacked their vessel , but they released him in a failed hostage trade . Shane Murphy is one of the crew members on board the U.S. ship that was hijacked off Somalia 's coast . The crew of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama had hoped their release of the pirate would lead the pirates to release Capt. Richard Phillips , but it did not , crew member Ken Quinn told CNN in a satellite telephone call . Instead , the four pirates -- who had scuttled their boat when they boarded the ship armed with AK-47s -- took Phillips with them aboard the ship 's 28-foot lifeboat , Quinn said . The crew had earlier overpowered the pirates and forced them off the ship , according to messages from first officer Shane Murphy . Murphy relayed the information in quick phone calls to his wife and father in his home state of Massachusetts -- where his father , Joe Murphy , is a maritime instructor , and his son once lectured about dealing with hostage situations . Watch Shane Murphy 's wife recall the conversation " Joe Murphy , who teaches at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , said the crew sent a distress signal to which the U.S. Navy responded immediately from almost 200 miles away . The ship had eluded the pirates for more than three hours off the coast of Somalia before being boarded , Joe Murphy said his son reported . After hiding from their attackers , then leading them to believe they were more in command of the situation than they really were , the crew jumped the pirates , capturing one of them , the elder Murphy said his son told him . "  It was by sheer force , " he said . "  They have no weapons -- it must have been , obviously , that they overpowered them . " He said three other pirates "  had gone into the water . " Pentagon officials confirmed that four hijackers had boarded the Maersk Alabama Wednesday morning , and that one had been in custody . Joe Murphy said his son was in contact with the pirates Wednesday evening , helping negotiate for the release of the captain . He said he can only shake his head at the timing of the attack . Two weeks ago , Shane Murphy visited his father 's class to lecture the students on situations like the one he now faces . "  This is a classic example of Murphy 's law , " Joe Murphy said . "  I teach the course , my son goes to sea and he gets captured . " He said that , despite his concerns , he has faith that his son 's experience and knowledge will help wrap up the tense situation . "  Hopefully , it 's all going to work out , " he said . "  I think this is going to end as a very positive story . " CNN 's Jason Carroll and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : Maersk Alabama eluded pirates for more than three hours Crew says hijacker released in hopes of freeing captain , but hijackers reneged 4 hijackers boarded Maersk Alabama off coast of Africa Crew member details story in quick phone calls to wife , father in U.S.
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- CNN anchor Rick Sanchez abruptly left the network Friday afternoon , just one day after making controversial comments on a satellite radio program . "  Rick Sanchez is no longer with the company , " according to a statement from CNN . "  We thank Rick for his years of service and we wish him well . " On Thursday , Sanchez appeared on the XM Sirius radio program "  Stand-Up with Pete Dominick . " During the interview with Dominick , Sanchez called "  The Daily Show 's " Jon Stewart "  a bigot " and then said that he was bigoted against "  everybody else who 's not like him . Look at his show , I mean , what does he surround himself with ? " Dominick pressed for specifics , and Sanchez , who is Cuban-American , responded , "  That 's what happens when you watch yourself on his show every day , and all they ever do is call you stupid . " Dominick , who was once the warm-up comic at Stewart 's Comedy Central show and now has a spot on CNN 's "  John King , USA , " noted that Stewart is Jewish and so a minority himself . "  I 'm telling you that everybody who runs CNN is a lot like Stewart , and a lot of people who run all the other networks are a lot like Stewart , and to imply that somehow they , the people in this country who are Jewish , are an oppressed minority ? Yeah , " Sanchez responded . The comments were widely quoted online and on social media . Sanchez 's 3 to 5 p.m. daily spot will be filled by "  CNN Newsroom " for the "  foreseeable future , " CNN said .	CNN : "  Rick Sanchez is no longer with the company " Sanchez calls Jon Stewart "  a bigot " on satellite radio show Sanchez 's 3 to 5 p.m. daily spot will be filled by "  CNN Newsroom "
CNN  -- A US Airways plane blew a tire during takeoff Thursday evening at Philadelphia 's airport , an airline spokesman said , with witnesses recalling seeing the plane "  bounce " before screeching to a halt . Citing initial reports , US Airways spokesman Todd Lehmacher said the commercial airliner 's pilot decided to abort takeoff after the tire issue . Philadelphia International Airport tweeted , and photos indicate , that the plane 's nose gear collapsed . Philadelphia Fire Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said two women from the plane were transported to the city 's Methodist Hospital , one with a minor injury and the other with a minor illness . "  This is a good time , " Ayers said , referring to the response and the fact things turned out as well as they did . "  It worked out alright . " Flight 1702 was scheduled to take off at 5:50 p.m. and arrive in Fort Lauderdale about three hours later , according to US Airways ' website , though Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Jim Peters said the incident took place around 6:25 p.m. Watching from a nearby plane , Dave Olinger said , "  I saw the plane come down with its landing gear  hitting  the ground abnormally hard and it bounced back into the air . Then it continued to try to land and it went out of my view as I saw a massive cloud of dust come up from behind it . " A witness in an airport terminal , posting to the online travel community FlyerTalk.com , reported seeing the plane "  bounce twice on takeoff . " Firefighters spotted smoke coming from one engine , but no fire . Philadelphia Fire Department Deputy Chief Gary Loesch said crews sprayed "  a protective foam blanket " around where "  hydraulic fluid ... was leaking from the front landing gear , " saying this was only done as a precaution . Images from the airport afterward showed the plane pitched forward , but otherwise upright , and surrounded by flashing emergency vehicles . One showed the plane at a standstill as some people left from an emergency slide and others got out on the wing . "  So my plane just crashed , " tweeted one apparent passenger . A short time later and minutes before taking a selfie at the scene , she added , "  I almost just died . " The 149 passengers and five crew members who had been aboard the Airbus A320 quickly got off , then were moved about 400 yards away into a field , according to Loesch . They were surrounded by police and fire vehicles to block the wind , with women and children getting into these vehicles to stay warm in temperatures hovering around the freezing mark . "  Most people were complaining about being cold , " Loesch said . Departing and incoming flights at the Pennsylvania airport were temporarily halted . Some of them resumed around 6:55 p.m. , Peters said , though one runway remained closed for some time after that . The incident caused significant travel headaches , and not just for those on Flight 1702 . The airport noted there were departure delays of about one hour , with airport spokeswoman Victoria Lupica saying arrival delays stretched up to two hours . According to Joe Taney , the vice president of operations in Philadelphia for American/US Airways , Flight 1702 passengers were bused to the terminal and taken to one of the airline 's Admirals Clubs , which is typically for "  preferred members . " They remained there for some time , before they could collect items they had left on the plane . Another aircraft was arranged to take them to Fort Lauderdale . That plane had n't left by 10:30 p.m. , though it was supposed to head out soon . "  There 's maybe a couple that chose not to go , which is fine ... , " Taney said . "  But overall the majority of people are choosing to go on that extra  flight  . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire commissioner : 1 went to hospital with a minor injury , 1 with a minor illness NEW : After the evacuation , passengers complained about the cold , fire official says US Airways Flight 1702 was leaving Philadelphia 's airport , destined for Fort Lauderdale Airline spokesman : It blew a tire on takeoff , leading to passengers ' evacuation
CNN  -- Getting a song to hit in the summer can change a career -- just ask Katy Perry or Robin Thicke . Before the reign of "  I Kissed a Girl " in the summer of 2008 , Perry had been tirelessly striving to create a name for herself in the music industry and was starting to find some long-sought success with her debut single , "  Ur So Gay . " But right around Independence Day 2008 -- which reminds us to make the most of what 's left of the season -- Perry 's loud and bold "  I Kissed a Girl " pushed through to the No. 1 spot on Billboard 's Hot 100 and refused to let go for seven weeks . That single gave Perry an entree as pop 's newest princess . As for Thicke ? He 'll tell you himself that his 2013 single with Pharrell Williams and T.I. , the controversial "  Blurred Lines , " ushered in a new era , creating the kind of success of which most artists can only dream . Thicke had been working as a singer and songwriter for years when "  Blurred Lines " arrived in the spring of 2013 . But after that song was played at every pool party , barbecue , nightclub and wedding reception -- topping the Billboard 100 in late June and staying there until September -- Thicke became a global pop star . Having the song of the summer does n't always translate into album sales later . Thicke 's latest release , the lovelorn "  Paula , " has performed dismally . But it is a fast and easy way to gain notoriety , even if it only lasts for the season . So who 's going to claim the title for 2014 ? The obvious answer is Iggy Azalea , the Australian rapper who 's swiftly gaining fame as the rapper on the Charli XCX-assisted "  Fancy " and Ariana Grande 's "  Problem . " But Iggy Igg , as she 's known to her fans , has some competition . Including "  Fancy , " here are the 10 tracks poised to be the staple song of summer : "  Fancy , " Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX The combination of Iggy Azalea 's flow with Charli XCX 's cocky singing on the hook has made "  Fancy " as irresistible as running through sprinklers on a hot day . You think you might be too old for it , but why not ? It 's fun ! Cute lyrics , easy to sing along to and upbeat enough to spin at a party , it 's little wonder that this release from Azalea 's "  The New Classic " album has been No. 1 on the Billboard 100 since June 7 . "  Summer , " Calvin Harris The Scottish DJ/producer/singer / songwriter has captured exactly what a summer song needs to be with this seasonally appropriate single . With wistful lyrics about a warm weather romance and a pulsing beat , Harris ' single is an easy favorite . "  Rude , " Magic ! Canadian reggae fusion band Magic ! has crooned its way almost to No. 1 with its single "  Rude . " The song arrived last fall , but it was n't until beach season that "  Rude " really took off in the States . Ridiculously catchy , it comes complete with a heartfelt backstory that makes it applicable to this season of makeups and breakups . "  Wiggle , " Jason Derulo ft. Snoop Dogg Is Jason Derulo 's ode to the rear end a little silly ? Sure . But that 's also what makes it perfect for summer . With a hypnotic beat and an artist-supplied dance move , "  Wiggle " is made for carefree nights . Not even Zac Efron could resist "  Wiggle-ing " while on vacation . "  Ai n't It Fun , " Paramore This rock group 's fourth album has been a wellspring of hits , with 2013 's popular "  Still Into You " being followed by the light-hearted "  Ai n't It Fun , " a bouncy track that lives up to its title . Paramore 's Hayley Williams says the making of the single was as breezy as the song itself . "  Problem , " Ariana Grande ft. Iggy Azalea Ariana Grande has n't had any problems climbing the charts with this horn-heavy dismissal of an unnecessary love . Funky and featuring the rapper du jour , Iggy Azalea , "  Problem " is nipping at the heels of "  Fancy " to be the top choice of summer 2014 . "  Stay With Me , " Sam Smith In case you missed our very detailed memo , this is Sam Smith 's year . The British soul singer has released his debut solo album and has gifted us all with the kind of song that 'll be sung at karaoke for months to come . It is n't as danceable as Smith 's work with Disclosure , the still-hot "  Latch , " but it is memorable and affecting . "  Turn Down for What , " DJ Snake and Lil Jon Since its release last year , DJ Snake and Lil Jon 's "  Turn Down for What " has become the go-to party anthem for anyone wanting to turn up their night . It worked just fine when it was cold and darkness fell early , but "  Turn Down for What " demands listening when it 's 8 p.m. , the sun is still bright , and your day 's just getting started . "  Sing , " Ed Sheeran Ed Sheeran used to be known as the guy who sang sad love songs . That 's still true , but with his new album , "  x , " Sheeran 's branched out into more upbeat territory . His spring release , "  Sing , " has a groove produced by Pharrell Williams and a chorus easy enough for the inebriated to howl along to -- usually , that 's more than enough to crown a single the song of the summer . "  Am I Wrong , " Nico & Vinz Like with "  Rude , " Norwegian duo Nico & Vinz invoke a beach vibe with their hit "  Am I Wrong . " It has a tempo quick enough for dancing but slow enough to encourage pairing off , with just the right amount of sultry for a summer night . Tell us : What 's your favorite song this summer ?	Iggy Azalea 's "  Fancy " is a front-runner for 2014 's top summer song Other hits such as "  Rude " and "  Ai n't It Fun " are bringing competition Last year , the song of the summer was Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines "
CNN  -- The daughter of Sen. Dick Durbin died Saturday from a congenital heart condition , the Illinois Democrat 's office said . "  Chris Durbin , 40 , fought a heroic lifelong battle with heart disease and our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Durbin family , " said Durbin 's spokesman , Joe Shoemaker . Chris Durbin worked for 16 years for the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Washington . Survivors include her husband , Marty Johnson , and son , Alex. Her death comes as Dick Durbin , the second-ranking Democrat in the Senate , seeks a third term in Tuesday 's general election . Funeral arrangements for his daughter were not immediately announced .	Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin 's daughter dies Chris Durbin , 40 , had a congenital heart condition Funeral arrangements are pending
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- At least four people have been killed in two days of rioting in Uganda 's capital after radio broadcasts encouraged listeners to violently take to the streets against the government , officials said Friday . Residents of the Kasubi suburb , west of Kampala , try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos . The rioters heard "  sectarian " broadcasts on Thursday that "  systematically incited the listeners to cause chaos and destruction wherever they could , " said a statement issued by Minister of Information and National Guidance Kabakumba Masiko . It described those who took part in the rioting in Kampala and its suburbs as "  marauding thugs . " The broadcasts aired in the Buganda Kingdom , said police spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba . Ethnic and political tension between the kingdom and the central government had been escalating over the past few weeks . Police and army officers were injured and police-owned property also was damaged along with other vehicles and shops , said the nation 's police chief , Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura . In Natete-Ndeba , a southwest suburb , a police station was looted of its ammunition and prisoners set free before rioters burned the prison , Nabakooba said . A curfew has been declared in the suburb , and in Kampala the army is providing support to police , said Kayihura . A doctor at a Kampala hospital said more than 50 people had sought care there , most with broken bones , but others had cuts and gunshot wounds . About 60 people were arrested in Kampala , but arrest totals in the surrounding areas were not available , Nabakooba said . Four radio stations were ordered shut down , Masiko said . Many of the rioters were Baganda between the ages of 18 and 35 , Nabakooba said . The Baganda are Uganda 's dominant ethnic group , making up about 16.9 percent of the population , according to The CIA World Factbook . The kingdom is one of the oldest monarchies in Africa . The people live mostly in central Uganda and along the shoreline of Lake Victoria . Tension between the Buganda Kingdom , headed by King Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II , and Uganda President Yoweri Museveni had been increasing recently over land laws , sovereignty and political power , issues over which the two sides have been in talks for years . The Uganda government sees Mutebi as a traditional leader only and does not allow him to participate in politics . Further estranging the two is a breakaway faction of the Buganda Kingdom , the Banyala . Some interpreted police forces ' breaking up a group of Baganda amid preparations for festivities as support for the Banyala , especially after a Banyala demonstration opposing the Buganda Kingdom prompted no police action . It is unclear why the police broke up the Baganda group earlier in the week . Riots broke out after the incident , and again when radio announcers pushed Baganda to take to the streets again . Museveni said in a broadcast statement that he tried to contact Mutebi to discuss the issue as "  mature people " but he could not reach him on the phone . The president also said that he had intelligence reports showing that the Buganda Kingdom has received foreign funding to carry out a hate campaign against the government . Asians , mostly of Indian origin , suffered severe losses when their business were attacked and looted , Nabakooba said . Although officials said the broadcasts encouraged listeners to put into action their contempt for the government , during such outbreaks of violence Asians are often targeted . Some view Asians as being most protected by the government because of special holidays or tax benefits they may get . In addition , reports of Asians mistreating natives have fueled tension between the groups . None of the four people killed were Asian or of Asian descent , Nabakooba said , but in the northern suburb of Kawembi about 30 Asians had fled to a police station for protection on Thursday and remained there Friday . Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN .	Radio broadcasts encouraged violent street action against the government Government statement describes Kampala rioters as "  marauding thugs " ? Dozens seek care , many with broken bones , says doctor at Kampala hospital Tension between splintered kingdom and Uganda 's president has been on rise
CNN  -- A lightning strike sparked a fire Monday that destroyed the Caribbean island home of Virgin Group Chairman Richard Branson , a statement from the media mogul said . About 20 people , including Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet , were in the house at the time of the fire , which broke out around 4 a.m. , Branson said . No one was injured . "  Many thanks to Kate Winslet for helping carry my 90-year  - old  mum out of the main house to safety , " Branson wrote in the e-mailed statement . Branson said the house , located on Necker Island , the 74-acre private island the billionaire owns in the British Virgin Islands , was destroyed , along with "  thousands of photographs and my notebooks . " "  But all my family and friends are well -- which in the end is all that really matters , " he said . The lightning strike that caused the fire occurred in the midst of Tropical Storm Irene , which strengthened into a hurricane early Monday . Pictures show the house completely engulfed in flames against an ominous sky . "  Currently just huddled up with family and friends in the continuing tropical storm realising what really matters in life , " Branson said . He promised to rebuild , saying "  we 'll create something even more special out of the ruins . " In addition to Branson 's private residences on the island , Necker is also open as a luxury resort that can accommodate up to 28 guests for those who can afford the hefty $ 54,500-a-night price tag . The island has been featured on such TV programs as "  MTV Cribs , " and TV personalities Nick Lachey and Vanessa Minnillo were recently married on the island .	The fire was sparked by a lightning strike during Tropical Storm Irene 20 people , including actress Kate Winslet , were in the house at the time No one was injured
CNN  -- Breaking nose news ! California Chrome CAN wear a nasal strip on June 7 in the Belmont Stakes , the third leg of horse racing 's "  Triple Crown , " track officials confirmed on Monday , so we can all breathe a little easier about him now . I keep hearing why California Chrome ca n't become our next Superhorse , with a capital S : Chrome ca n't win the Kentucky Derby because : 1  he is the odds-on favorite to win , and the derby 's favorite "  never " wins , and 2  he is a California-bred , and a California horse "  never " wins the derby . Then he DID win the Derby . Chrome ca n't win the Preakness because : 1  he developed a cough before the race , so he 's obviously too "  hoarse " to win  hahaha  , and 2  the horse ate like a pig for two solid weeks following the Kentucky Derby , putting on so much weight that there 's no way he will win the Preakness . Then he DID win the Preakness . I suppose it should n't have been a shock that I began hearing why California Chrome would n't win the Belmont Stakes on June 7 , and with it the "  Triple Crown " of horse racing , becoming the first horse to earn this coveted crown since Affirmed in 1978 . He was going to lose it by a nose . Literally . California Chrome wears a nasal strip , not unlike human beings who want to keep dust and dirt and true grit and other stuff that 's hazardous to your health out of their sinus passages . He has won six races in a row with a nasal strip across his handsome proboscis . It obviously gave this California smog-breather a little breathing room . But whoa ... a possibility suddenly existed that Chrome would n't be permitted to wear a nasal strip for the Belmont race , which at a mile and a half is the longest of the Triple Crown events and which is run on Long Island in New York , which has been known to have a speck of dust or two . Hey , it 's an "  island . " The last time this nasal-strip business came up , a horse named I 'll Have Another had just won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness to become the four-legged darling of 2012 . If it could win the Belmont next , it could become the 12th horse in the history of thoroughbred hoofbeats to win that Triple Crown . Not to mention the prize money and the millions of dollars in stud fees that went along with it . Back in 2012 , Belmont 's racing officials had notified I 'll Have Another 's handlers that a nasal strip would be prohibited . It is up to each organization 's discretion whether to permit such a thing , so Belmont 's decision makers , along with those from the New York Racing Association , had the final say . It became moot when I 'll Have Another was withdrawn on the eve of the Belmont , unable to go for "  another " due to a sore tendon . This weekend , the nose thing reared its ugly head again . Chrome 's trainer , 77-year-old Art Sherman , pointed out Sunday that there was a distinct possibility the horse 's owners might yank their fast horse right out of the race . He said a nasal strip had been the idea of Perry Martin , the horse 's co-owner , who has been thoroughly pleased with the thoroughbred 's success since strapping it onto his schnoz . "  He might not run if they say you ca n't run with a nasal strip , " Sherman suggested . Martin is an unpredictable guy . He did n't even attend Saturday 's running of the Preakness . The horse 's other owner , Steve Coburn , a walrus-mustached Wilford Brimley lookalike in a cowboy hat , indicated his partner Martin was still doing a burn over what he deemed to be inhospitable treatment at Churchill Downs during the Kentucky Derby . It was n't long after California Chrome 's impressive victory  by a length and a half  in Maryland that the downside of the Louisville experience , two weeks before , reared its ugly head . "  Even though we won  the Kentucky Derby  , it was a bad day for my partner and his family , " Coburn blurted out on Martin 's behalf . One complaint reportedly was the way the needs of Martin 's mother , an elderly woman in a wheelchair , were not met after Martin went to great effort to bring her to Churchill Downs for the race . By coincidence , Ron Turcotte , the jockey of the great Secretariat during the 1970s , also is in a wheelchair and complained about Churchill Downs ' indifference to his situation . Turcotte implied that he would never go to a Kentucky Derby again . "  Handicap " is strictly a horse-race term in this generation , no longer a permissible word in regard to human physicality . Oh , though , it sure is becoming a topical double-entendre these days at Churchill Downs . As for a certain living creature 's breathing needs ? Sherman said of nasal strips , "  A lot of horses all over California wear them all the time ... Maryland lets you use them . " Furthermore , harness-race horses -- trotters and pacers pulling sulkies -- apparently do have permission in New York to wear nasal strips as well . But would Belmont say nay to Chrome 's wearing one ? Nope , they say OK . California Chrome , the coast is clear . And so is your nasal cavity , so on you go to the third and last run for everlasting glory . Triple Crown winners thus far : Sir Barton  1919  , Gallant Fox  1930  , Omaha  1935  , War Admiral  1937  , Whirlaway  1941  , Count Fleet  1943  , Assault  1946  , Citation  1948  , Secretariat  1973  , Seattle Slew  1977  and Affirmed  1978  . That 's it . I was n't among the 123,469 spectators at Pimlico who saw Saturday 's running of the Preakness . I did , 3,000 miles away , go to Santa Anita , basically the "  home track " of California Chrome , to watch the race alongside thousands of his fans , many of whom wore a free purple or green California Chrome cap they were given as they entered the track . It was a sunny , smog-free day under a beautiful blue sky , so I saw no human in a face mask . If the West Coast 's favorite horse did n't get to run in New York because of what he did n't get to wear , a lot of these people would have had a new reason to hold their noses . They 'd have all been saying , "  This stinks . " Luckily , no hanky-panky is happening and Chrome is good to go . The nose mess has been cleared up . Note : This article was updated with news of the decision by New York officials Monday to allow the nasal strips .	California Chrome wins the Preakness and could contend for the Triple Crown Mike Downey says nasal strips could get in the way , if racing officials object to them He says the horse 's fans wo n't be happy if it 's not allowed to race with nasal strips No horse has won the Triple Crown since 1978
CNN  -- "  Like a square peg going into a round hole . " That 's how Mark John , an Idaho man who spotted and helped lead authorities to James DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson , described the pair . DiMaggio is now dead , shot and killed by an FBI agent in the Idaho wilderness . He was suspected in the slayings of Hannah 's mother and brother in California and in the girl 's kidnapping . "  They were just like a square peg going into a round hole . They did n't fit . He might have been an outdoorsman in California , but he was not an outdoorsman in Idaho , " John told reporters Sunday . "  He just did n't fit . " John , his wife , Christa , and another couple , Mike and Mary Young , were out on horseback when they happened upon DiMaggio and Hannah on Wednesday twice , once on a trail and once at a lake . Red flags went up immediately . All their gear looked brand new , said John . They had no rain equipment . Another flag , said Mike Young , was that DiMaggio said he was headed for the Salmon River , but was going in the wrong direction . Hannah hid her face and looked kind of scared , he said . Young and the others thought that maybe their horses had frightened her . She and DiMaggio were hiking . He had a backpack . She was wearing what looked like either sweatpants or pajamas , Young said . He noticed they had a two-man tent set up in a ridge . Another red flag . The camping spot had no water , and a tent on a ridge would act like a "  lightning rod , " Young said . "  Usually when you meet people in the back country , you have a pretty good encounter , you know , and talk about where they 've been and where they 're going . But they did n't want to talk , " he told reporters . After their group passed DiMaggio and Hannah , he turned to the others and said he thought something was n't right . "  Just kind of a gut feeling , you know , like they did n't belong , " said Young . ` One chance in a trillion ' Their group ran into DiMaggio and Hannah later at a lake . The girl was soaking her feet in the water , and DiMaggio was off to the side petting a gray cat , said John . Just as he and the others were getting ready to go , Hannah said something that made little sense at the time . "  She said , ` Looks like we 're all in trouble now , ' or ` We 're in real trouble now , ' " said John . "  I thought it extremely strange . " No one in his group was aware of the massive manhunt under way . Hannah had been missing since August 3 . The bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found one day later in DiMaggio 's burned house in San Diego County , California . But eventually , John , a former county sheriff and retired Army officer , called police . After he and his wife got home Thursday , he turned on the television and saw an Amber Alert for Hannah . She looked like the girl they 'd just seen . "  For us to be there at the precise time to interact with them -- it 's one chance in a trillion , " Christa John said . Her husband 's call set off a series of events that ended late Saturday in DiMaggio 's death and Hannah 's rescue . Hundreds of law enforcement agents scoured 300 square miles of rough terrain , hampered by the smoke from nearby wildfires . They spotted the pair 's campsite near Morehead Lake , Idaho . The topography was so steep that helicopters had to drop authorities off far away from the camp . Hostage rescue teams hiked more than two hours to get to the scene . Authorities ushered Hannah to an area where a helicopter could whisk her away . At some point , a "  confrontation " ensued between authorities and DiMaggio , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said . An FBI tactical agent shot and killed the murder and kidnapping suspect . Andrea Dearden , spokeswoman for Idaho 's Ada County sheriff 's office , praised the horseback riders Sunday , hailing their contribution to the case as critical . "  It was because of their tip to law enforcement ... that we knew where to go , and we knew where to look , " she said . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's one chance in a trillion , " says one rider Two couples came across James DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson Their tip to authorities ended a frantic , weeklong manhunt "  Just kind of a gut feeling , " says another rider
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Steve McPherson quit his job as ABC Entertainment president this week amid "  gossip and innuendo " that "  goes with the territory , " his lawyer said Thursday . The network confirmed McPherson 's resignation , but would not comment on what McPherson attorney Tom Hoberman described as the "  rumors of internal situations " at ABC . McPherson held the post for six years and had another year on his contract . "  Upon Steve McPherson returning to work from his vacation on Monday , he made a voluntary decision to resign and ABC accepted his resignation , " Hoberman said in a written statement . The statement only hinted at what led to his decision to suddenly depart just days before the network was set to present its fall primetime lineup to television critics . "  It is not uncommon for high level executives to be the subject of gossip and innuendo , " Hoberman said . "  That would include rumors of internal situations which can easily be misinterpreted or misrepresented . Seems like it goes with the territory , and there is nothing further to discuss . " McPherson said he has "  a new entrepreneurial venture in the spirits business " lined up as well as "  involvement in a new media company . " ABC said it would announce a replacement for McPherson "  shortly . "	Lawyer : Resignation came amid "  rumors of internal situations " McPherson quit the day he returned from vacation ABC will announce a new president "  shortly "
CNN  -- Pennsylvania police have arrested a woman who authorities say fled Washington state 11 years ago with her two sons against a court order instructing her to return them to their father , police said . Jill Haugen was arrested at her home in Milton , Pennsylvania , on Tuesday , days after she had contacted police saying she did n't want to take care of her sons any longer , Milton Police Chief Craig Lutcher told CNN . Police in Spokane , Washington , said a felony warrant for first-degree custodial interference was issued for her in 1998 . The Northumberland County , Pennsylvania , district attorney 's office said she has been charged with being a fugitive from justice and is awaiting an extradition hearing . It was not immediately clear if she had retained legal representation . Police made two trips to her house after her Saturday phone call , Lutcher said , and the sons , now ages 15 and 16 , were placed into foster care after the second visit , on Sunday . A caseworker discovered through an Internet search that there was a warrant from Washington state for Haugen 's arrest and told police , Lutcher said . Police said Haugen had provided them with two different names on two different occasions . Haugen , who was known as Jill Connington when she was married to Bill Connington , did not win primary custody of the couple 's children in 1998 after the two had divorced , police in Spokane said . "  They were with her on a visitation and she never brought them back , " Spokane police Lt. Dave McGovern said . When she disappeared , according to police , the felony warrant for first-degree custodial interference was issued for her , police said . Bill Connington told CNN that he was a "  little overwhelmed with everything . " "  I 've had thoughts of possibly never seeing -LSB- his sons -RSB- again but never gave up hope I would , " he said . He said he was speaking with caseworkers about getting the teenagers to Washington . As she was escorted by police , Haugen told media she was a domestic abuse survivor and that her two sons were sexual abuse survivors . It was not immediately clear against whom she was leveling the sexual abuse accusations . "  We 've been in this state since 2000 , " she said . "  We are legal residents . " McGovern said a sexual abuse allegation was filed in 1995 on behalf of the children , but authorities were not able to substantiate anything from it . Asked about the abuse , Connington denied any wrongdoing and said he had offered during the custody hearings to do whatever he needed to prove his innocence . CNN 's Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	Jill Haugen accused of illegally leaving Washington state with her sons in 1998 Haugen was n't awarded primary custody of sons after she divorced their father Pennsylvania police : She told us last week she no longer wanted to take care of boys Haugen says boys are sexual abuse survivors ; father denies wrongdoing
CNN  -- Prosecutors will not seek the death penalty against Justin Ross Harris , who is accused of killing his toddler son by leaving him in a hot car for hours , Cobb County , Georgia , District Attorney Vic Reynolds said Wednesday . "  After reviewing Georgia 's death penalty statute and considering other factors , the state will not seek the death penalty in this case at this time . I can not and will not elaborate at this juncture of the case , " Reynolds said in a written statement . Harris , who was scheduled to appear in court on Thursday , also had his arraignment postponed until October 17 because of a scheduling conflict with the defense , the statement said . Earlier this month , the Georgia father was indicted by a grand jury on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder , in the June death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . "  We 're pleased with the pace and thoroughness of this investigation , which continues on today , " Reynolds said at the time . "  The evidence in this case has led us to this point today . Whether it leads us to anyone else remains to be answered . " He declined to take questions or comment further , saying , "  This case will be tried in a court of law , " and not in the media . The lawyer for Harris ' wife , Lawrence Zimmerman , said Leanna Harris is "  thrilled " by the prosecutor 's decision . "  He ensured us that he would only make a decision based on the evidence , not based on public opinion , " Zimmerman said in a statement to reporters Wednesday . "  While we are relieved with his decision , it was a calculated one . " The decision suggests that "  Reynolds does not agree with the police department 's first public statements that this was a case that would shock everyone 's conscious , " Zimmerman said . "  As far as my client is concerned , she has known from the beginning and she is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision not to seek the death penalty because it affirms what we 've been saying all along , " he said . "  This was just a tragic accident . When the truth comes out , justice will prevail for Ross . " Lawyer : Leanna Harris passed polygraph test The other five charges Harris faces are : first-degree cruelty to children , second-degree cruelty to children , criminal attempt to commit a felony  sexual exploitation of a minor  and two counts of dissemination of harmful material to minors . The criminal attempt to commit a felony and dissemination of harmful materials charges are not related directly to Cooper 's death . They involve allegations that Harris requested a nude photo of a minor 's genitalia and sent the same minor descriptions of "  sexual excitement and sexual conduct , " according to the indictment . A Cobb County detective testified at an earlier probable cause hearing that while Cooper was in the car at his father 's workplace , Harris was sexting with numerous women and sent one of them , who was underage , a photo of his erect penis . Harris ' attorney , H. Maddox Kilgore , called the charges excessive , describing them as a part of the "  state 's maze of theories . " "  It was always an accident . When the time comes , and we 've worked through the state 's maze of theories at trial , it 's still going to be a terrible , gut-wrenching accident . And all the eccentricities and moral failings of Ross ' life is n't going to change that , " he told reporters . Father apparently wrote ` I 'm harmless ' on Skout profile According to the indictment , the grand jury found that Harris "  did unlawfully , and with malice aforethought , cause the death of Cooper Harris ... by placing said Cooper Harris into a child car seat and leaving him alone in a hot motor vehicle . " Authorities have painted Harris as a terrible father who , after admittedly looking up online how hot a car needed to be to kill a child , purposely strapped his son into his sweltering SUV to die . His motivation ? The prosecutor has characterized Harris as an unfaithful husband who wanted a childless life . Kilgore has argued his client tragically forgot his child in the car . Friends describe Harris as a doting dad , not a malicious one , who loved to show off his blond , bright-eyed boy and talked about him incessantly . Harris left Cooper in a rear-facing car seat in the back of his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on June 18 while he spent the day at work as a Web developer for Atlanta-based Home Depot . He normally dropped the boy off at day care . The temperature topped 92 that day -- which can make the heat inside a closed vehicle soar past 100 degrees quickly -- and police testified during Harris ' probable cause hearing that Cooper spent at least seven hours in the car . Police : Father was ` sexting ' as son was dying in hot car CNN 's Alan Duke and Devon M. Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : Harris ' wife "  is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision , " her lawyer says Prosecutor : State will not seek the death penalty against Justin Ross Harris in hot car death Harris ' attorney previously called charges excessive , part of prosecution 's "  maze of theories " Harris was indicted on 8 counts in his son 's death , including felony and malice murder
CNN  -- Security forces in Syria killed seven people in two towns Friday , an opposition activist group said . A security raid in the town of Halfaya in Hama province killed five people and wounded 11 others , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Security forces killed two people in the Idlib province town of Jabal al-Zawiya , the group said . State TV , meanwhile , said gunmen in the Daraa province opened fire on a checkpoint , killing one "  martyr " and wounding four . More than 2,600 people have died in Syria since mid-March , when demonstrations critical of the government were met with a fierce security crackdown . Accounts of clashes inside Syria are difficult to independently confirm . The Syrian government has prevented international journalists from reporting without restraint inside the country .	Syrian forces killed seven people in two towns on Friday , opposition group says Over 2,600 people have died in the country since mid-March
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced the United States will give $ 60 million to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for help to Palestinian refugees on Friday , a move designed to improve the lives of 4.7 million people . The aid comes as the United States and the international community struggle to provide increased aid to Palestinians living in Gaza . In May , in a deadly clash aboard a flotilla carrying aid to Gaza , Israeli forces killed nine activists . Israel subsequently has said it will ease restrictions on aid going into Gaza but will not end its naval blockade . The United States already is the largest single source of support for refugees and refugees and victims of conflict internationally , Clinton said , providing $ 1.7 billion last year , including $ 640 million for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , or the UNHCR . Clinton made the comments at a World Refugee Day event , co-hosted by the Department of State and the UNHCR . It included live interactive video feeds with High Commissioner Antonio Guterres and an Iraqi refugee family in Syria ; UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador Angelina Jolie ; and a UNHCR official and a Congolese man displaced because to activities of the Lord 's Resistance Army in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . "  We are all vulnerable no matter how comfortable our lives may appear to be , " Clinton said . "  But we too , around the world , those of us who enjoy the benefits of the life that we have built or inherited , we too are vulnerable to war and conflict , droughts and floods , environmental disasters as we 've seen even in our own country . " Clinton said that many of the refugee problems can not be solved simply with humanitarian aid . "  It 's a question of better governance , more accountable governance , of political and diplomatic efforts , of reconciliation and peace , of the growth of democracies and economies . " she said . Angelina Jolie , with 34 refugee families from Colombia living on the border with Ecuador , said they were "  terrified " and that almost everyone in the families had someone who had been murdered . "  They are so grateful just to be safe , " she said .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made comments at World Refugee Day U.S. is largest source of support for refugees , victims of conflict internationally , Clinton said Clinton said the U.S. providing $ 1.7 billion last year
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The war in Afghanistan may no longer be forgotten but the true victims always are . Having been denied healthcare and education under the Taliban , Afghan women are now training as midwives Women and children in the landlocked Asian country have continuously paid the ultimate price throughout the decades of conflict and war . It is their lives that are considered not precious enough to save . A woman here dies every 29 minutes due to childbirth complications , according to the United Nations Development Fund for Women  UNIFEM  -- one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world . One in four children die before they reach the age of five because of the lack of health care and medical facilities in their cities and villages . But ignorance is also deadly . Misguided cultural pride prevents men from allowing their women to see a doctor , merely because the doctor could be male . And in many cases , it 's not just women who die from childbirth-related issues . It is young girls forced into marriage before they even reach puberty . Their still-forming bodies can not handle the complications of childbirth . But there are women in Afghanistan stepping up within the crowds of the forgotten and pushing past the barriers . They are training as midwives across the country to help bring change and save lives . "  A woman can help a woman more , " midwifery student Fariha Ibrahimi told CNN . "  We have to introduce them with what to do , what foods to eat , how to take care of themselves . " -LSB- We -RSB- tell their husbands how to treat them . There are some husbands who beat their wives to the point where they can no longer even get pregnant . " At the Ibni Sina Balkhi Midwifery Training Center in Kabul , dozens of future midwives study and practise in the hope of bringing a brighter future to their countrywomen . "  It 's very heartbreaking , " Ibrahimi said of the situation women face . "  Afghanistan has gone through so much war and most girls were not allowed to get an education , so I want to study and bring forth something new . " Sympathy for Afghan women is the strongest motivating force among students in this field : Many know personally what is like to live in a society where pregnant women are ignored and forgotten . "  We live in an area where we are far from any clinic or hospital and there are a lot of difficulties there for pregnant women , " Nourzia , a student and mother , told CNN . "  It 's very difficult for them to reach a hospital . This is why I was so keen in learning this profession and helping these women ; so in the future they are in less danger . " All the women here are training with the permission and support of their families . They are leading the way to a brighter tomorrow for Afghan women -- one that may one day catch up with the rest of the world . "  The world is moving forward and he did n't want me to sit around jobless , " said future midwife , Maurina whose husband is supportive of her new career . "  He wanted me to push ahead in this field , especially a field in which our people need help in . " There are still many obstacles left and these women are still in the minority . According to the World Health Organization there are only about 2,000 trained midwives servicing Afghanistan 's population of just under 33 million . But that is a giant leap from just eight years ago when most women were denied an education , medical care and the basic necessities of survival under the Taliban regime . It will take many years to change mindsets instilled by decades of brutality . But these women prove that maybe , just maybe , the next generation can fix the mistakes of the last .	Afghanistan has one of the highest rates of maternal and infant mortality in the world A woman dies in childbirth every 29 minutes , one in four children die before age 5 In Kabul , dozens of women are now studying to become midwives to help save lives
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A 13-year-old Chinese boy , who was assaulted by two adults with an air pump at an auto repair shop , is recovering and will likely survive , according to Chinese media reports . That boy , Du Chuanwang , who is from Shandong Province , suffered ruptures and multiple organ failure from the air pressure that was pumped into his body , according to Chinese media . By Monday , Du 's condition had improved to the point he was sitting up and looking around , according to a microblog post from a charity that has been accepting donations for his care . Du had worked with an auto repair team that traveled to various shops , according to local police . On June 30 , two workers at an auto repair shop pointed the nozzle of an air pump near the boy 's anus for 4 to 5 seconds , according to police . The local police posted a message on Sina Weibo , China 's microblogging site , saying that the two men pushed the boy to the ground during the attack , and that the incident was a "  prank . " The two workers , who are 20 and 27 years old , were arrested on July 12 , police said . The incident sparked an online uproar , as Chinese netizens demanded punishment for the suspects . "  They do n't deserve to be called human , they are worse than the animals , " wrote one user . Du 's tongue is infected , he has also lost some of his teeth and can not speak , according to Chinese media reports . His infections have been treated with antibiotics . Images of the boy showed massive decay on his cheek and nose . Immediately after the incident , Du 's stomach was so inflated that surgeons at a Shandong hospital had to cut his abdomen to deflate the gas , according to the China Daily newspaper . He also suffered internal bleeding in his digestive tract , according to news reports . Du was in a coma for eight days . He awoke last week and was transferred to the intensive care unit at the Bayi Children 's Hospital in Beijing . The hospital did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Du was released from intensive care because of his improving condition , according to China Daily . Meanwhile , Angel Mom , a charity group that helped arrange Du 's hospital transfer raised more than 650,000 yuan  $ 102,000  for his care . However , some people were skeptical about giving money to a charity and sought to directly donate to the family . Weibo users sent encouragements to Du , with posts like "  Little Chuanwang , you will be well ! Hang in there , " and "  We are here praying for you , cheer up Chuanwang . " The teen dropped out of school and was working as an apprentice , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . His mother died six years ago and the family said they earn around 5,000 yuan  $ 780  per year from a small plot of land . Du 's family sent him to help out at the repair shop and was repaid in clothes and other items , his grandfather said last week . He did not work at the auto shop , but helped with simple tasks . CNN 's CY Xu , and Corinna Liu contributed to this report .	13-year-old victim on alleged assault will likely survive , Chinese media reported The two workers who pumped compressed air into teen have been arrested Hospitalized victim has multiple infections and can not speak
CNN  -- Was 1962 the year classic , post - '50s rock was hatched ? Let 's make that case . Fifty years ago , the Beatles recorded their first session at London 's EMI  later Abbey Road  studios , cutting an early version of "  Love Me Do , " and Bob Dylan and the Beach Boys released their first albums . And it was exactly 50 years ago that the first incarnation of the Rolling Stones -- Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , and Brian Jones , along with pianist Ian Stewart , bassist Dick Taylor and drummer Tony Chapman -- played their first concert , at London 's Marquee Club . The band was still so embryonic that they called themselves the Rollin ' Stones . Of course , being reminded that the Stones have been around for five decades is almost unnecessary . The band has n't had a Top 10 hit in over 20 years , but whether we want it to or not , it never seems to have gone away . From Keith Richards ' garrulous best-selling 2010 memoir , to Maroon 5 's "  Moves Like Jagger , " to Jagger himself hosting "  Saturday Night Live " this year , the culture always seems to circle around to the Stones just when you 'd think we 'd all had enough of them . Part of that is intentional : To some degree , the Stones have always been driven to be competitive in the pop marketplace . "  Absolutely , " Richards told me in an interview in 1997 . "  It gets in the blood , man . Arrogant , elitist sons of bitches that we are , we still think we 're getting better . " But part of their eternal appeal is out of their hands , too . Why do we still care about the Stones after a mind-boggling 50 years ? A few possible reasons : Their songs and catalog . As obvious as it is to say , it really is about the music . There 's a reason pop church lady Susan Boyle could cover "  Wild Horses " or that "  Saturday Night Live " could send off Kristen Wiig with "  Ruby Tuesday " and "  She 's a Rainbow " : The best Stones songs , meaning ones written before roughly 1980 , are eternal and built on impeccable melodies . For all their bad-boy images , Jagger and Richards seem , in retrospect , like one of the last of the great songwriting teams -- Lerner and Loewe , or Bacharach and David , with more groupies and pharmaceuticals . Even work that seemed lesser at the time -- 1973 's beautiful stupor , "  Goats Head Soup , " for instance -- holds up better than you 'd expect . The way the Stones continually paid homage to black music -- from covering Muddy Waters and Solomon Burke to a disco-era hit like "  Miss You " -- also gave them a broader fan base than many of their peers . The Mick and Keith dynamic . Little in old or new rock comes close to the testy yin-yang relationship between the band 's two founding members and longtime Rock 'Em Sock 'Em duo . Over the years , they 've publicly sniped at each other , culminating in Richards ' dishy depictions of Jagger as a preening diva in his memoir , "  Life . " See never-before-seen photos of the Stones Those comments -- and the way much of the media used Richards ' words to pile on Jagger themselves -- missed the point , though . What always made the Stones so magnificent was the way Richards ' crusty musical conservatism was balanced by Jagger 's pop-chart-driven opportunism , and vice versa . They need each other , and in so doing , they 've become their own endlessly watchable rock 'n' roll reality show . Stones as metaphor . The Stones embody a time when rock 'n' roll was n't just "  outlaw " culture ; it propelled the culture . That 's no longer the case , as a recent conversation with a teenage music fan confirmed to me . An avid pop lover , she does n't listen to any "  rock "  that is , music made by men or women who play guitars  . For her , EDM -- which used to be called techno or electronica -- is the new rock ; Its big beats , drug allusions , and the way its bombastic thump offends anyone over 40  or anyone who prefers traditional verse-chorus pop songs  make it the modern-day version of rock . Factor in pop , hip-hop , and country , all major genres these days , and you can see how rock is now one small slice of the cultural pie . For many , the Stones are a vivid , last-gasp reminder of a time when rock -- and white males -- dominated the landscape . They do n't make rock stars like that anymore . With a few glorious exceptions , like Jack White , many of today 's major rock bands are charisma-challenged or nondescript . Onstage , they 're uptight . almost asexual . Contrast that with the sight of Jagger at least year 's Grammy Awards , working the stage in best rock-preacher mode and singing Solomon Burke R&B classics in a green suit . The performance should have been hokey , but it was shockingly spellbinding after all these years . Maroon 5 's Adam Levine ca n't move like that , either . Rolling Stones celebrate 50 years of raucous rock 'n' roll The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Browne .	David Browne : Rolling Stones have n't had top hit in 20 years , yet they are enduring presence He says the band has been willing to shape-shift to compete in pop marketplace He says Jagger , Richards great songwriting team with tense , compelling personal dynamic Browne : In Stones ' era , rock propelled culture ; they do n't make stars like that now
Sen. Ted Cruz has n't decided whether he 'll be hitting the presidential campaign trail in 2015 , but he 's scheduled to hit the Passover speaking circuit next year . Cruz , who has been actively courting major Jewish and pro-Israel donors in recent months , will speak at at least one ritzy Passover getaway this spring in California . Cruz was mistakenly listed as a speaker at four pricey Passover getaways organized by the Prime Hospitality Group , but a rabbi who helped coordinate Cruz 's appearance said the Texan senator is only slated to speak at one event . "  Unfortunately it was a mistake on our part , " Rabbi Seth Grauer said . Grauer added that Cruz may speak at an additional Passover event in California or Colorado , but deferred additional comment to Cruz 's office . His office has not responded to CNN 's request for comment . Cruz has spoken at length in the past about the need to support Israel and has called a nuclear Iran the top national security threat to the United States . A tea party and evangelical favorite , Cruz is billed as a speaker alongside several leading rabbis and Malcolm Hoenlein , a major player in the pro-Israel lobby and the executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations . The event where Cruz is slated to speak is set at the five-diamond St. Regis Monarch Beach Resort in California , where stays range from $ 5,600 to $ 11,000 per person for the full 10-day stay , according to the Prime Hospitality Group . The organization 's website bills Cruz as an ardent supporter of Israel , quoting Mort Klein , the President of the right wing pro-Israel group , the Zionist Organization of America . Cruz 's deputy chief of staff Nick Muzin will also speak at the Passover event in California . Cruz reportedly met with top Jewish donors in New York City in November , according to the New York Observer . He also met privately with casino mogul and Jewish Republican donor Sheldon Adelson in November . Cruz left the stage at an event celebrating Middle Eastern Christians in September after he was booed for expressing his support for Israel . "  If you will not stand with Israel , then I will not stand with you , " Cruz said at the event in September .	Cruz will speak at four pricey Passover resort getaways this spring Cruz is considering a 2016 presidential run and has been actively courting top Jewish donors
CNN  -- To mark six months since the attack on Nairobi 's Westgate mall , CNN spoke with Dharmesh Bulsara , a volunteer who helped evacuate hostages during the September 2013 attack in Kenya . CNN also asked people on Twitter how they are moving on with their lives since the incident . While some tweeted expressions of hope and gratitude , others reflected on the impact it 's had on their lives . Using CNN 's hashtag #Westgate6Months , here 's a roundup of some of the tweets you shared with us . Continue the conversation on Twitter or in the comments section below .	Kenya marks six month anniversary of the Westgate mall attack Using the hashtag #Westgate6Months , Kenyan took to Twitter At least 67 people were killed in the bloody four-day siege in September 2013
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose re-election last month led to massive protests , on Tuesday called the balloting "  the most free election anywhere in the world . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected last month , setting off days of protests . "  It was a great event , " he said in a nationally televised address . The election , which opponents charge was rigged , was followed by street demonstrations and civil unrest that led to the deaths of at least 20 protesters and the arrest of more than 1,000 , according to Iranian state-run media . The numbers of casualties and arrests could not be independently verified by CNN because the Iranian government banned coverage by international journalists . The president , who said voter turnout was 85 percent , said opponents "  did not provide even one piece of document regarding irregularities or vote fraud . " Without specifically mentioning the post-election violence , Ahmadinejad said criticism of government "  is the key to the success of a nation . " Everyone has criticisms , he said . "  I have my own . " But he accused the "  arrogant powers " and "  enemies " of Iran of interfering in his country 's affairs , including the post-election situation . Some Iranians collaborated with enemies , the president said . Ahmadinejad also said Tuesday he believes the government should be "  substantially " reorganized . Although he did n't elaborate , he said the areas of employment , housing , development and civil rights were high on the agenda . " -LSB- We -RSB- need to create newer capacities and prepare ourselves for this new period , " he said , apparently referring to his upcoming second term in office . "  With this election , we have entered a new era ... in domestic spheres and on an international level , " he added . He called it "  an era of solidarity . " "  The government is at the service of the entire people , " Ahmadinejad said . "  Things will be done in a better way , more effective way , so we can reach higher aspirations . " He said experts have been invited to help the government achieve progress .	Iranian president calls recent vote "  most free election anywhere in the world " In address , he says criticism of government "  is the key to the success of a nation " He accuses "  arrogant powers " and "  enemies " of Iran of interfering in country 's affairs Widespread protests rocked Iran in days after Ahmadinejad 's re-election
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Nearly two dozen Americans -- most thought to work for the CIA -- were sentenced to five years in prison Wednesday by an Italian court for their role in the seizing of a suspected terrorist in Italy in 2003 , the prosecutor in the case told CNN . The Americans did not appear for trial and are not in custody , but the ruling could effectively make them international fugitives . The trial was the first to deal with a practice that human rights groups call "  extraordinary rendition . " They say the United States has often sent suspects to countries that practice torture . Washington acknowledges making secret "  rendition " transfers of terrorism suspects between countries but denies using torture or handing suspects over to countries that do . The case centered on the extraordinary rendition of a Muslim cleric , Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr , or Abu Omar . He was seized on the streets of Milan , Italy , in 2003 , transferred to Egypt and tortured , he said . He was suspected of recruiting men to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by Italy 's intelligence agency . Prosecutors said he was nabbed by a CIA team working with Italian intelligence officials . The verdict "  shows governments and institutions that the fight against terrorism has to be carried out in accordance with the law . There are no shortcuts , " Spataro told CNN . Those who were found guilty were ordered to pay Abu Omar 1 million euros  $ 1.48 million  and his wife 500,000 euros . A total of 22 Americans were each sentenced to five years in prison for their role in his abduction . Another -- Robert Seldon Lady , whom prosecutors said was the CIA station chief in Milan -- was sentenced to eight years in jail , prosecutor Armando Spataro told CNN . Cases were dismissed against three other Americans , including Jeff Castelli , the man assumed to be the CIA station chief in Rome at the time , because they had diplomatic immunity from prosecution . Spataro said he may appeal that ruling . Cases were also dismissed against the former head of Italy 's intelligence service and his deputy because of state secrecy provisions . Two other Italians were sentenced to three years in jail for aiding the plot . Sabrina De Sousa , one of the American defendants , was "  saddened , angered and dismayed " by the ruling , her lawyer told CNN . She felt the U.S. government had "  stabbed her in the back , " Mark Zaid said . "  We understand why the Italians did what they did . They were following their laws . But at the end of the day , representatives of our United States government abroad were let down and left alone by their own government . " De Sousa , a career diplomat , is suing the State Department over the case , Zaid confirmed . She has never said she worked for the CIA . CIA spokesman George Little said Wednesday : "  The CIA has not commented on any of the allegations surrounding Abu Omar . " But U.S. officials confirmed to CNN when the case first broke that the CIA was involved in the rendition of Abu Omar from Italy to Egypt . The officials never disclosed the number of Americans involved or their names . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell responded to the verdict as it applied to an Air Force officer , Lt. Col. Joseph Romano III , who was among the Americans sentenced . The Pentagon had asserted jurisdiction over the incident under the NATO Status of Forces Agreement , a position that the Italian minister of justice supported , Morrell said . "  We are clearly disappointed by the court 's ruling , " Morrell said . "  Our view is that the Italian court has no jurisdiction over Lt. Col. Romano and should have immediately dismissed the charges . " The American Civil Liberties Union , a persistent critic of Washington 's extraordinary rendition program , demanded the United States match Italy 's actions . "  The decision in Italy underscores the need for the United States to hold its own officials accountable for crimes committed under the ` extraordinary rendition ' program . It is shameful that the first convictions of this kind came from a foreign justice system , where those convicted are not likely to serve their time , " said Steven Watt , staff attorney for the ACLU Human Rights Program . Italian authorities originally indicted 26 Americans and five Italians in 2007 for kidnapping in the matter . The Italians included the former head of Italian intelligence , Nicolo Pollari , and one of his deputies . They testified in preliminary hearings that Italian intelligence played no role in the alleged abduction . None of the Americans is in custody in Italy and the Italian government did not ask for their extradition ; they were tried in absentia . Former CIA analyst Michael Scheuer told CNN in the past that the Italian military secret service had approved the operation involving Hassan , and CIA sources who refused to be named told CNN in 2005 that the agency had briefed and sought approval from its Italian counterpart for such an abduction . The Italian government of the day -- which was led by Silvio Berlusconi -- vigorously denied having authorized Hassan 's kidnapping , which it called illegal . Berlusconi has since returned to power . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome ; Paula Newton in London , England ; and Pam Benson and Jim Barnett in Washington contributed to this report .	Suspected U.S. CIA agents ordered jailed for seizing of suspected terrorist in Milan Americans are not in custody , but ruling could make them international fugitives Case centered on "  extraordinary rendition " of Muslim cleric , who says he was tortured in Egypt
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Victoria Principal fears the proposed expansion of offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean could lead to another disastrous oil spill like the one that devastated the U.S. Gulf coast last year . The "  Dallas " actress is making an "  extremely generous six-figure donations " to two organizations that lobby against increased offshore oil exploration and for tougher rules for oil companies , those groups said Tuesday . "  Waiting until a disaster happens is waiting until it 's too late , " Principal said in Tuesday 's announcement . It is second time Principal has made major donations to both Oceana and the Natural Resource Defense Council . The first was in the summer of 2010 when her money helped put an underwater robot off Florida 's Gulf Coast to detect any encroaching oil from the BP oil disaster . "  The strategy and campaign must begin now , in order to achieve success and prevent further devastation from increased offshore drilling and by imposing tougher standards and having improved safeguards firmly in place , " Principal said . "  I hope others will join me at this crucial juncture in the future of our oceans and our planet . " Oceana and the NRDC said they would use Principal 's newest donation in the campaign to prevent drilling off the U.S. Atlantic and Pacific Coasts , as well as the campaign to "  require critical scientific assessments and demonstrated oil spill response capability in the Arctic before allowing additional leasing . " "  Americans watched in horror and disbelief as millions of gallons of oil spewed into the Gulf of Mexico during the BP disaster nearly two years ago , " NRDC President Frances Beinecke said . "  If we 've learned anything from this tragedy , it 's that we must not allow it to happen again . " Principal 's second donation is key to continuing the fight to protect American coastlines "  in the wake of the disastrous Gulf oil spill , and now on the heels of the Obama Administration 's 5-year drilling plan , " Oceana CEO Andrew Sharpless said . Principal was a celebrity volunteer in June 2010 when a CNN telethon , hosted by Larry King and Ryan Seacrest , raised more than $ 1.81 million for Gulf Coast oil disaster relief . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe contributed to this report .	The actress makes "  extremely generous " donations to groups working against offshore drilling "  Waiting until a disaster happens is waiting until it 's too late , " Victoria Principal says It 's her second large donation to Oceana and the Natural Resource Defense Council Principal helped CNN raise $ 1.8 million for Gulf Coast oil disaster relief in June 2010
London  CNN  -- The award of the Nobel Peace Prize to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  OPCW  , the international chemical weapons watchdog helping to eliminate the Syrian army 's stockpiles of poison gas , recognizes the dangers and difficulties that the body faces . A team from the OPCW and the U.N. has been in Syria since October 1 , and oversaw the first destruction of chemical weapons equipment this week . On Sunday , Syrian personnel used "  cutting torches and angle grinders to destroy or disable a range of items , " the OPCW said . "  This included missile warheads , aerial bombs and mixing and filling equipment . " Given the danger the inspectors face , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon this week described the joint OPCW-U.N. mission in Syria as "  an operation the likes of which , quite simply , have never been tried before . " The joint mission is tasked with eliminating all chemical weapons in the country by midyear 2014 . "  These developments present a constructive beginning for what will nonetheless be a long and difficult process , " OPCW Director-General Ahmet Uzumcu said . Mission impossible ? Securing Syria 's chemical weapons would n't be easy There are many more sites to inspect and the OPCW experts face significant dangers in working in a country riven by a protracted civil war . The U.N. resolution that authorized the mission capped a month of dramatic diplomacy between the United States and Russia . That deal averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . The Norwegian Nobel Committee tweeted that the prize was awarded not because of Syria "  but because of its long standing work . " However , in a statement it said that recent events had underlined the need to enhance the efforts to do away with such weapons . It also pointed the finger at certain states for failing to observe an April 2012 deadline to destroy their chemical weapons . "  This applies especially to the USA and Russia , " it added . The need to rid the world of chemical weapons was underlined by events in Libya , said CNN 's Nic Robertson . Former dictator Moammar Gadhafi tried over many years to destroy his stocks under the terms of an international treaty , but after his removal from power in 2011 and the ensuring turmoil , Libya 's remaining weapons spread throughout the region . Arms treaty The OPCW , based in The Hague , in the Netherlands , is the implementing body for the Chemical Weapons Convention , an international arms control treaty . The Chemical Weapons Convention entered into force in April 1997 , at which point 87 states had ratified it -- and the work of the OPCW to implement its provisions began at that point . According to the treaty 's wording , signatories are "  determined for the sake of all mankind , to exclude completely the possibility of the use of chemical weapons , through the implementation of the provisions of this Convention . " Sixteen years later , more than 100 additional states have ratified the treaty . In September , Syria became the latest nation to ask to join the convention . It is due to enter into force in Syria on October 14 , when it will become the 190th member state . Aside from its work on disarmament , the OPCW aims to prevent the proliferation of chemical weapons through the inspection of chemical production facilities and monitoring of transfers of toxic chemicals and their precursors . The OPCW 's experts have monitored the cataloguing and destruction of chemical weapons in countries ranging from the U.S. and Russia to Libya . They have also worked in Iraq , which was the first time its inspectors were sent into a live battlefield . "  We try to get as much information as we can about what we are doing , " Franz Ontal , OPCW 's head of inspector training , recently told CNN , during an exclusive visit to the organization 's lab and staging facility in the Netherlands . "  We want to know what the target site looks like ; we want to know what we are after . The information we get is what 's going to inform the inspectors about the kind of protective equipment they are going to wear . " Ontal showed CNN around the OPCW 's warehouse and explained the inspectors ' rules of operations . Once they have located the site of a possible chemical weapons attack , the inspectors use special electronic detectors to give them an initial readout of the type of chemicals they might be facing , and in what concentration . Two different machines , using different technologies , are used to increase confidence in the result . In addition to chemical experts , the inspection team also includes munitions experts . That 's because they may be dealing with unexploded ordnance . In addition , shell remnants often contain traces of the chemical residue inspectors are looking for . Ontal said inspectors rarely find chemical agents in their pure form , but , crucially , they can detect residues even if only fine traces are left . "  The holy grail for environmental sampling is the pure agent , the agent itself . -LSB- But -RSB- that might not be practical ; we do not expect to find agent by the time we arrive . So we need to look for secondary evidence . That could be munitions fragments , or the delivery device itself , or whatever they used to deliver the agent . Munitions fragments can inform us of many things ; they can still hold agent , if there is some liquid left . " Identifying the munitions and the delivery device can also assist the investigative process , by providing clues about who might have been behind the attack . Reactions The European Commission , the executive arm of the EU , which won the peace prize last year , tweeted its backing , saying : "  Congratulations @OPCW ! #NobelPeacePrize is a powerful recognition of your important role in curbing the use of chemical weapons . " And NATO 's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen sent his support : "  Congratulations to @OPCW for winning #NobelPeacePrize ! OPCW doing difficult but essential work in eliminating #WMD #CW in #Syria " Some took exception to the award though . Nadim Houry , deputy director of Human Rights Watch for Middle East/North Africa tweeted : "  I would have thought 2013 would have been a year for soul searching at OPCW not accolades . " And Blake Hounshell , deputy editor of Politico magazine , made a dig at the expense of U.S. President Barack Obama , a previous Peace Prize laureate : "  OPCW owes this prize to the use of chemical weapons and the 2009 winner 's subsequent threat to bomb Syria . " Tawakkol Karman , a Yemeni human rights activist who won the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize , described how the award inspired her battle against injustice . "  The peace prize meant so much for me and my Yemeni people and the youth of the Arab Spring who were fighting dictatorship and corruption , " she wrote in an email to CNN before the announcement was made . "  There will be no deviation or turning back no matter how much violence and suppressions we face and no matter how many bullets and bombs are directed towards the chest of peaceful activists who are full of love and peace . No matter who wins the prize this year , I believe that both that person and his organization are worthy of respect and our trust . The Nobel Peace Prize has helped us to view the future with optimism . "	Nobel Peace Prize goes to Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons Award recognizes dangers and difficulties that body faces -- not because of Syria U.N. chief says mission in Syria is "  an operation that has never been tried before " OPCW has since '97 sought to implement ban on production , storage of chemical weapons
A series of videos appeared online Saturday purporting to show Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , the highest-ranking member of Saddam Hussein 's regime to evade capture , deriding Iraq 's current leadership . Al-Douri , who the U.S. military says helped finance the Sunni insurgency in Iraq , was the "  king of clubs " in a deck of playing cards used by American troops following the 2003 invasion to identify the most-wanted regime officials . There have been several claims that al-Douri was either killed or captured , though a man claiming to be al-Douri has released a number of audio messages over the years taunting Iraqi and U.S. officials . Al-Douri , who served as a military commander and vice president in Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime , was last seen on video shortly after the invasion of Iraq . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the videos posted on YouTube or the identity of the man , though he bears a striking resemblance to al-Douri . In the clips , the man who claims to be al-Douri wears an olive military uniform and sits behind a desk with an Iraqi flag in the background . He derides Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government , led by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , as well as what he describes as meddling by neighboring Iran . Al-Maliki 's Dawa party , says al-Douri , "  has announced Iraq as the Shiite capital . " He said nine years have passed since the invasion and Iraq is still in peril . "  Everyone can hear the sounds of danger echoing daily and threatening the country , " he said . The videos were posted on what is the 65th anniversary of the Arab Socialist Baath Party , a political party founded in Syria that later provided the political basis for Iraq 's now outlawed Baath Party . The U.S. military has said al-Douri helped finance the Sunni insurgency with money he transferred to Syria before the government collapsed shortly after the U.S.-led invasion . Al-Douri was the deputy chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council , and U.S. officials have said he played a key role in the 1988 chemical attack on the Kurdish city of Halabja that left thousands dead and thousands more wounded . He also is accused of playing a role in the brutal crackdowns on Kurdish and Shiite revolts in Iraq that followed the 1991 Persian Gulf War .	Al-Douri was the "  king of clubs " in a deck of playing cards used to identity wanted officials In the video clips , a man who says he is al-Douri derides Iraq 's Shiite leaders The U.S. military says al-Douri helped fund the Sunni insurgency in Iraq
CNN  -- The mayor of Gulfport , Mississippi , and his wife were arrested Wednesday on charges they defrauded the federal government and an insurance company of more than $ 220,000 in claims related to Hurricane Katrina , authorities said . Gulfport Mayor Gregory Brent Warr , shown in 2005 , says the charges "  will not change my commitment " to the city . Gregory Brent Warr and Laura Jean Warr were named in a 16-count federal indictment handed up last week by a grand jury , the Department of Justice said in a news release . They are accused of conspiracy , Federal Emergency Management Agency fraud , Department of Housing and Urban Development home grant fraud and insurance fraud , all arising from claims after Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 . If convicted on each count , the couple would face up to 210 years in prison and up to $ 4 million in fines , prosecutors said . "  Understand that what has been alleged toward my wife and me has no connection to me as mayor , " Brent Warr said in a statement issued Wednesday . "  This has not and will not change my commitment to the progress and recovery of our city . " He said he pleaded not guilty , but said he will not speak further about the case . "  I am the mayor of Gulfport , and I will continue working to rebuild our city , " Warr said . "  We have hundreds of dedicated employees , department heads and directors , and everything we have achieved thus far is a result of their hard work and love for this city . "  For Laura and me , personally , this is a difficult time , but I will continue the work as mayor . " According to the indictment , the Warrs in 2005 applied for FEMA assistance regarding a Gulfport home , telling officials that home was their primary residence when it was not . In 2006 , the indictment says , the couple applied to the Mississippi Development Authority for a Homeowner 's Assistance Grant funded by HUD , again claiming they lived at the address . The indictment also alleges the Warrs made misrepresentations to Lexington Insurance Company regarding personal property in the insured home , payment of rent for alternative living after Katrina and the extent of damage to the home . The Warrs received a total of $ 222,798 "  as a result of the said offenses , for which the defendants are liable , " the indictment says . The couple was released on bond and ordered to appear for trial April 6 , the Justice Department said . In his statement , Warr said the inquiry "  has been going on for more than a year now , and we hope and pray for a much faster resolution . " City spokesman Ryan LaFontaine issued a statement saying that while he was not in a position "  to speculate what is happening in the mayor 's personal life ... I can tell you that as for the city , we are continuing to carry out the people 's business . "  The mayor has indicated that he has every intention of coming to work tomorrow , and every day after that , as the mayor of Gulfport , " LaFontaine said . "  In the nearly four years that he has been here , Mayor Warr has created a framework and an agenda for the recovery of Gulfport . And he has assembled a very talented team of directors and employees that understand the enormity of the recovery challenges that lie ahead . "  Under his continued leadership , I 'm very confident that this city will continue to move along the path that he has set , " LaFontaine said . "  The people of Gulfport do n't care about the mayor 's personal issues . They only care about what he 's doing to fix their issues . "	Gulfport , Mississippi , mayor "  will continue working to rebuild our city " Mayor Gregory Brent Warr , says he pleaded not guilty Indictment : Couple received $ 222,798 "  for which the defendants are liable " Couple , released on bond and ordered to court April 6 , face up to 210 years
CNN  -- FIFA has vowed to act on revelations of worldwide match-fixing , but its top security official warns that the governing body will need help from outside football to eradicate the problem . Monday 's report from Europol said that 380 matches across Europe had been fixed by an Asia-based crime syndicate , including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers as well as the continent 's top club competitions . "  The cooperation between law enforcement and sporting organizations needs to be strengthened , " FIFA 's director of security Ralf Mutschke said in a statement . "  The support of law enforcement bodies , legal investigations , and ultimately tougher sanctions are required , as currently there is low risk and high gain potential for the fixers . " FIFA already works closely with Interpol , the worldwide police agency , while its European Union counterpart said there had so far been 50 people arrested in 15 countries in an investigation involving 425 match officials , club officials , players and criminals . It is estimated that    16 million  $ 21.7 m  had been bet on matches by criminals , yielding an    8 million  $ 10.8 m  profit , with the highest single bribe of    140,000 paid in Austria . "  Match-fixing and match manipulation is a global problem , and one that is not going to go away tomorrow , " Mutschke said . "  FIFA and the football community are committed to tackling this problem , but we will not succeed alone . " Mutschke , a former Interpol director and German federal criminal police office manager , said governments need to take a tougher stance on people involved in match-fixing . "  In football , a national association can sanction a member of the football family if they are found guilty of contravening the legal , football framework , " he said . "  FIFA 's Disciplinary Code provides the opportunity to extend those sanctions , and impose a life ban . "  But for people outside of football , currently the custodial sentences imposed are too weak , and offer little to deter someone from getting involved in match-fixing . "  FIFA requests that law enforcement bodies continue their engagement , and continue to assist FIFA in the global fight against match-manipulation and organized criminals , even if the investigations are considered complex . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter has also recently called for greater government intervention in match-fixing cases . "  It is time for governments to introduce appropriate sanctions as a deterrent , for while a player may be prepared to risk a ban for throwing a match , he will most likely not wish to risk a prison sentence , " he said on the FIFA website . "  We must lobby governments to introduce legislation of this kind , both nationally and across borders where possible , through countries reaching a common position on this problem . " Reports have claimed that one of the European matches in question was a UEFA Champions League match between English club Liverpool and Hungary 's Debrecen . However , the Premier League side said Tuesday that it had not been contacted by the authorities about the 2009 match , and the English Football Association also denied any knowledge of fixing at that game . "  Liverpool Football Club has not been contacted by anyone from Europol or UEFA in relation to this matter , " the five-time European champion told CNN . "  The FA is not aware of any credible reports into suspicious Champions League fixtures in England , nor has any information been shared with us , " a spokesman told CNN . "  While the Champions League comes under UEFA jurisdiction , the FA , alongside the Premier League , Football League and Conference , monitor markets for the top seven leagues and three major cup competitions in England and take matters of integrity in football extremely seriously . " In 2010 , UEFA banned Debrecen goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic for two years for failing to report that he was approached to fix matches by a betting syndicate before a match against Fiorentina in October the previous year . The club confirmed that the Liverpool and Fiorentina matches were being investigated , but refused to comment further on the accusations . "  Neither DVSC or the player wants to react to this news . Everything on this matter has been dealt with in 2010 , " its website reported . Former FIFA security chief Chris Eaton told CNN World Sport that investigations need to be more proactive . "  This is very easy cash money for organized crime and I think governments should be worried about it , " said the Australian , who now works for Qatar-based sports security consultancy ICSS . "  This is typical organized crime behavior : attract people , corrupt people and finally intimidate them . "  I think police have finally realized that this is organized crime and therefore they have an interest . Most of these investigations in Europe happened accidentally . They were investigating crime in other areas and came across this issue of match-fixing . "  There 's been no determined effort to have preventative investigation , it 's been retrospective . We need to find out who 's involved and stop them -- in fact , to prevent them . " A former player who helped expose match-fixing in Italy in 2011 says clubs also need to take more responsibility . "  The management of the clubs have to act and support the players and support the authorities in their investigations , " said Simon Farina , who now works as a community coach for English club Aston Villa . "  They can not leave the players isolated and afraid to speak out when they are confronted by the wrong individuals , " he told the Premier League team 's website . Farina was recognized by Interpol after telling the authorities he had been offered a bribe to fix the outcome of an Italian Cup game in November 2011 , and was later called up to Italy 's national team as a reward . "  Working now with children , I understand completely how important it is to pass on the right values , " he said .	World football 's governing body calls on governments to help in battling match-fixing FIFA security chief reacts to report from Europol claiming 380 matches were in question Ralf Mutschke says match-fixers face low risk and high gain due to weak prison sentences Hungary 's Debrecen confirms matches against Liverpool and Fiorentina under investigation
CNN  -- The murder trial of "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius will now continue until the middle of May , the South African court hearing the case said Sunday . The trial , which enters its fourth week on Monday , will continue until April 4 , then break for a one-week recess before resuming from April 14 until May 16 , the Pretoria court announced in a written statement . It said "  all parties involved " had agreed to the dates . Pistorius , 27 , admits firing the shots that killed his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , in the early hours of Valentine 's Day last year but has pleaded not guilty to murder , saying he thought she was a burglar and he believed he was acting in self-defense . He fired four shots through the door to the toilet room in his house in the middle of the night , probably killing Steenkmap almost instantly with the shot to the head , according to the autopsy . The trial began on March 3 . After 13 days of hearings , the court has heard only 18 witnesses out of a potential 107 . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel announced unexpectedly on Wednesday that the prosecution expects to rest early next week . Nel has only four or five more witnesses to call , he declared to the shock of the courtroom just before lunch on the 13th day of the trial . He requested and got an adjournment until Monday to consider the state 's position in the case . The surprise move prompted questions about whether Nel was thinking about throwing in the towel , whether he had surprise new evidence to study , or whether the state 's case was simply running ahead of schedule . Intense media interest Almost the entire trial has been televised , though individual witnesses can choose not to be shown on television . There has been intense media interest in the case in South Africa and beyond . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict with the help of two lay people called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . Last week Pistorius said he would sell his home to fund legal costs . The house is where Steenkamp was shot dead . Pistorius has n't returned since her death , according to a statement on his website . READ MORE : Gruesome crime scene photos sicken Pistorius INTERACTIVE : Explore each side 's case in Pistorius trial CNN 's Kim Noorgard and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Athlete 's trial , which began March 3 , will now run until May 16 Pistorius shot his girlfriend to death ; the question in court is whether it was intentional Last week the 27-year-old said he would sell his home to fund legal costs Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict ; South Africa does not have jury trials .
CNN  -- Residents of the two largest U.S. cities will finally be able to tap into Sprint Nextel 's 4G wireless network soon . Sprint plans to launch its speedier , fourth-generation internet in New York on November 1 . The 4G network will come to Los Angeles , California , at the beginning of December and to San Francisco , California , in late December , the company said . Sprint , the third-largest U.S. cellular provider by number of subscribers , rolled out its first 4G city network two years ago in Baltimore , Maryland . Since then , the telecom has added 54 cities , a mix of large metropolitan areas like Chicago , Illinois , and Las Vegas , Nevada , as well as smaller ones . With the three imminent additions , Sprint can color in some crucial sectors of its 4G coverage map . It 's an important weapon to have in the face of plans by Verizon Wireless , the largest U.S. cell carrier by subscribers , to cover 38 cities with its 4G network this year . Moreover , the upcoming launches push Sprint closer to achieving its goal of covering the homes of 120 million Americans with its 4G network by the end of the year -- 10 million more than Verizon 's plan . But Verizon 's 4G network can reach speeds faster than Sprint 's . The new infrastructure Sprint uses is in partnership with Clearwire , so the major telecom is reliant on Clearwire  in which Sprint owns a majority stake  to determine where it will build the so-called Wi-Max 4G technology . "  Wireless is a very competitive arena , " acknowledged Sprint spokeswoman Kathleen Dunleavy . Teresa Kellett , Sprint 's director of 4G , said she does n't foresee Verizon 's  and eventually AT&T 's  speed advantage being an issue . "  The speeds with our 4G is significantly better than anything -LSB- customers -RSB- have experienced to date on a wireless device , " Kellett said . "  They just need it to be responsive enough and fast enough for what they 're doing . " Kellett boasts that Sprint subscribers can receive access to unlimited wireless data on 4G , whereas she expects other carriers will put caps on how much customers can download . AT&T has already put a halt to unlimited data plans for new customers . After Sprint 4G was launched in Baltimore , 20 months passed before a phone maker built a handset compatible with the faster network . With that Evo 4G smartphone from HTC and another from Samsung Electronics -- and 10 other miscellaneous devices -- Sprint is confident with its lead . However , T-Mobile began selling its first phone designed to take advantage of its next-gen HSPA + network last week -- another HTC phone , called the G2 . Verizon says it will have 4G cards for laptops this year and will have a half-dozen 4G-capable products to show in January . Verizon may add another gun to its arsenal . Rumors are flying that Apple will build an iPhone compatible with Verizon 's network , a phone which may or may not use 4G . "  We feel very strongly about our Evo , " Dunleavy , the Sprint spokeswoman , said . "  We feel it can stand head to head with the iPhone . "	Sprint plans to launch its 4G data network in New York on November 1 The telecom plans to roll out 4G in Los Angeles and San Francisco in December The major-city launches come in the face of increased competition in 4G internet
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexico 's conservative ruling party has picked a former congresswoman as its nominee for the nation 's top job . If she wins , she would become the country 's first female president . Sunday 's decision by the National Action Party marks the first time one of Mexico 's three major political parties has tapped a woman for the presidential race . "  It opens up the possibility of a very high-profile , close contest , " said Mireille Roccatti , a professor at Mexico 's Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education . Vazquez Mota , 51 , told CNN en Espa  ol last year that her gender gives her an edge . "  To me , being a woman is a very important competitive advantage in my country ... but not only because there are more  female  voters . Because in this country , like in the majority of the world 's countries , we have worked hard , we have made an effort , because nobody has given us anything , " she said . She has emphasized her desire to be Mexico 's first female president , and pointed to her qualifications for the job . "  I do not want to be president because I am a woman . Being a woman is important , but it 's not the most important . I want to be president because we have the talent and the platform and the vision of a Mexico that we want for all Mexicans , not only for a select few , " she told CNN en Espa  ol . Before her political career took off , Vazquez Mota studied economics and made a living with self-help lectures and a bestselling book , "  God , Please Make Me a Widow : The Challenge of Being Yourself . " She was Mexico 's first female secretary of social development when then-President Vicente Fox named her to that Cabinet post in 2000 . In 2006 , she became the nation 's first female education secretary under President Felipe Calderon . She later served as federal congresswoman for two years before stepping aside in September 2011 to focus on her presidential bid . Vazquez Mota told supporters Sunday that she is confident and ready to face off against Enrique Pena Nieto , whose Institutional Revolutionary Party ruled Mexico for seven decades , until 2000 . "  Today the internal strife ends and we will start a new path to defeat the true adversary of Mexico , who represents authoritarianism and the worst of antidemocratic practices , " Vazquez Mota said . But with a controversial drug war raging and a sluggish economy , the former congresswoman faces a tough political battle leading up to the July 1 presidential election . "  Congratulations and welcome to the democratic contest @JosefinaVM . Let it be for the good of Mexico , " Pena Nieto said in a tweet directed at Vazquez Mota after the National Action Party selected her on Sunday . "  Thank you . Let it be for the citizens , " Vazquez Mota replied . Pena Nieto , the former governor of Mexico 's most populous state , is leading in polls , but he is n't her only opponent . Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , a former mayor of Mexico City who lost the presidency in a disputed vote in 2006 , is vying for the job once again as a candidate for the leftist Democratic Revolution Party . In a January poll by Mexico 's Consulta Mitofsky , 41 percent of voters backed Pena Nieto , 23 percent supported Vazquez Mota and 18 percent supported Lopez Obrador . But 18 percent of those polled had n't made up their minds . The survey of 1,000 voters had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points . Calderon , who won the presidency in 2006 , has been mired in a controversial war on drug cartels in which more than 47,000 people have been killed since he took office , according to Mexican government statistics . By law , he can not run again . Vazquez Mota said Sunday that she is grateful to Calderon for his leadership . "  With valor and decisiveness he has faced organized crime and has worked tirelessly for the security of our families . ... I am proud of what he has built for Mexico , and the best way to demonstrate my loyalty will be to become the first female president of Mexico on July 1 , " she said . CNNMexico.com 's Tania Montalvo and Lizbeth Padilla and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Mario Gonzalez , Rey Rodriguez , Krupskaia Alis and Lucia Navarro contributed to this report .	Josefina Vazquez Mota will compete in the July 1 election Being a woman is a "  competitive advantage , " she says The former education secretary and congresswoman faces a tough political battle Mexico 's president has been mired in a controversial war on drug cartels
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Colleges are n't getting any cheaper , but federal student loans are . Students who graduate with college loan debt can use a repayment plan that will give lower monthly payments . Millions of borrowers will get a better deal on their student loans based on federal rules that went into effect Wednesday . Lower interest rates and loan forgiveness in some cases are some of the rules that will make borrowing cheaper for many students . Also among the rules : an income-based repayment program that considers income and family size . The program allows borrowers to set their monthly loan payment at 15 percent of their annual adjusted gross income . Under the traditional 10-year plan , a borrower who graduated with $ 25,000 in student loan debt and whose income is $ 30,000 a year would pay $ 288 a month at an interest rate of 6.8 percent , according to the the Department of Education 's Web site . Now , the student could opt for payments of $ 172 a month spread over a longer time . Borrowers can apply the plan to their remaining loan amount as of Wednesday . Single borrowers who earn less than $ 16,245 -- the poverty level -- would not be required to make any payments on their federal loans as long as their income remained that low . Payments would be significantly lower under the income-based plan , but loans would take longer than the standard 10 years to repay . That could increase overall interest costs for borrowers . Proponents argue that for some it is well worth the tradeoff by making lower-paying jobs more appealing . "  Just imagine all those people that went to college and had expectations of a good job market and now it 's not so hot , " said Deputy Undersecretary Bob Shireman of the U.S. Department of Education . "  This provides a kind of safety net , helps give them some assurance that they 'll be OK , and that they 'll even be OK if they go into lower paying jobs . " For students who eyed public service as a career but thought the salary underwhelming , a loan forgiveness option for public sector workers might inspire some . Borrowers who work for 10 years in a public service job , such as public school education or the military , will have the remainder of their federal loans forgiven after that decade ends . Graduates must pay monthly loan bills during those 10 years and can use the income-based plan to lock in lower payments . The government counts work from October 2 , 2007 onward , Shireman said . Thus , the earliest a borrower can have loans forgiven is October 2 , 2017 . Also providing relief to borrowers are a lowered interest rate , increase in Pell Grants for current students and a reduced loan origination fee . The government cut the interest rate from 6 percent to 5.6 percent . Payouts of Pell Grants , which allow students to borrow less , increased by $ 619 to $ 5,350 for the 2009-2010 school year . Loan origination fees decreased from 2 percent to 1.5 percent and will fall to 1 percent next July , Shireman said . Congressional Democrats pushed the income-based plan , public service program and decrease in loan interest rates , all signed into law by former President George W. Bush under the College Cost Reduction and Access Act . President Obama 's stimulus bill supported the increase in Pell Grants . Last year , the government gave out about $ 80 billion in student loans to more than 7 million students . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Changes include lower interest rates , income-based repayment program Borrowers who take public sector jobs can have part of loan forgiven Bush administration law includes Pell Grant increases from Obama
All you might feel is someone brush by you and a slight pin prick . But very quickly you would be suffering muscle paralysis followed by suffocation . You would be dead within a very short period of time . This is the deadly effect of just one of the weapons found on a failed North Korean assassin last year on the busy streets of Seoul , now shown exclusively to CNN . Disguised to look like a Parker ballpoint pen , it contains a poison needle and is practically impossible to identify as a weapon . The second pen shoots a poison-filled bullet which penetrates the skin and releases the toxin and the third weapon is a flashlight , loaded with up to three bullets . They all look completely innocuous but all three will kill . An individual willing to be identified only as an "  investigation official " showed CNN the weapons , pointing out the flashlight as the most significant find . "  This flashlight is new , " the man familiar with North Korean assassination devices said . "  I 've never seen this weapon . If you look at the front , there are three holes , there was a bullet in each hole and here is the trigger . This is currently loaded and dangerous , two bullets remain . " The third bullet had been fired by investigation authorities to test the weapon . It was accurate and deadly . The would-be assassin who was carrying these devices was arrested on his way to kill his target . That target was anti-North Korea activist , Park Sang-hak , who has since been given round-the-clock police protection by South Korean authorities . We showed Park the footage of the weapons intended for him . He was shocked . "  You 'd notice a gun , but these weapons are so innocuous , you can easily kill someone , I 'd be dead immediately . " Park says he will continue to send anti-Pyongyang propaganda leaflets across the border in balloons , a practice which has angered the regime , sparking threats of military retaliation . He was aware he was at the top of North Korea 's hit list . Park had been in contact with the would-be assassin , named only as Ahn , as Ahn had expressed interest in funding his activism . He was on his way to meet him when the National Intelligence Service intervened and stopped him . It was at that meeting Ahn was believed to have planned to kill Park , according to South Korean authorities . Ahn was convicted in April and sentenced to four years in prison . "  I did n't believe they 'd try and kill me on the crowded streets of Seoul , I thought the NIS was over-reacting , " Park said . He now knows they saved his life but is also convinced that it will not be the last attempt on his life .	Poison-tipped ballpoint pen and pen firing poison bullets found on failed N. Korean assassin Target was anti-North Korea activist , Park Sang-hak , according to S. Korean intelligence Park had been sending anti-Pyongyang propaganda leaflets across border in balloons He is convinced that this incident will not be the last attempt on his life
CNN  -- China , the United States and three Middle Eastern nations carried out the most executions last year , rights group Amnesty International said Wednesday , but a global trend toward ending the death penalty persisted . There were at least 682 confirmed executions worldwide last year , two more than in 2011 , according to the group . China is believed to have executed several thousand people last year , Amnesty said , but government secrecy makes it impossible to confirm exact numbers . "  The lack of reliable data does not allow Amnesty International to publish credible figures for the use of the death penalty in the country , " the rights group said . "  However , available information strongly indicates that China carries out more executions than the rest of the world put together . " Iran carried out at least 314 executions last year , Iraq at least 129 and Saudi Arabia at least 79 . In the United States , 43 people were executed across nine states . Sixth on the list was Yemen , with at least 28 executions . "  Methods of executions included beheading , hanging , firing squad and lethal injection , " Amnesty International said . "  In Saudi Arabia , the body of one man executed through beheading was displayed in a public ` crucifixion ' display . " According to the 60-page report , "  Death Sentences and Executions in 2012 , " there were at least 1,722 newly-imposed death sentences in 58 countries last year , compared with 1,923 in 63 countries in 2011 . This meant that at least 23,386 people were under sentence of death worldwide at the end of 2012 , it said . ` Cruel and inhumane punishment ' In Africa , two countries -- Benin and Ghana -- are on their way to abolishing the death penalty . In nearby Sierra Leone , there are no prisoners on death row . However , a surge in executions in Gambia , which had not carried out the death penalty in almost three decades but executed nine people in August , and 19 executions in Sudan pushed figures for the continent up , the rights group said . Three countries in the Asia-Pacific region -- Japan , Pakistan and India -- also resumed executions after a hiatus , Amnesty International said . The number of executions in the Middle East last year , almost all of them in Iran , Iraq , Saudi Arabia and Yemen , was "  a cause of great concern , " it said . The tally almost doubled in Iraq from the previous year , when 68 people were put to death . The conflict in Syria made it impossible for researchers to establish whether capital punishment was carried out , it added . Amnesty International Secretary General Salil Shetty said the "  regression " seen in some countries last year was disappointing -- but that it did not change the overall trend . "  In many parts of the world , executions are becoming a thing of the past . Only one in 10 countries in the world carries out executions , " he said . "  Their leaders should ask themselves why they are still applying a cruel and inhumane punishment that the rest of the world is leaving behind . " There is no evidence that the death penalty works as a special deterrent against crime , Shetty said . "  The real reason for the death penalty 's use can often be found elsewhere . In 2012 , we were once again very concerned to see countries executing for what appeared to be political purposes -- either as a populist measure , or as an outright tool of repression . " Texas leads executions In the United States , the number of executions and death sentences remained steady compared with 2011 , but the number of states carrying out capital punishment continues to drop , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Forty-three men were put to death in 2012 , matching 2011 's total , it said . Eighty people were sentenced to death , the second lowest total since executions resumed in 1976 . Only nine of the 50 states carried out lethal injections of convicted capital murderers , led by Texas with 15 executions , more than a third of the nationwide total for 2012 . Connecticut became the 17th state to abolish the death penalty in April last year . California narrowly approved keeping capital punishment in a November referendum . The state has by far the nation 's largest death row population at 727 inmates , but has not carried out an execution since 2005 , over continuing legal challenges to the lethal injection procedures . READ MORE : Saudi execution : Brutal , inhuman and illegal ? READ MORE : China executes drug gang over Mekong river massacre READ MORE : Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia	China is believed to have executed several thousand people last year , Amnesty International says The United States executed 43 prisoners across nine states in 2012 Three Middle Eastern countries -- Iran , Iraq and Saudi Arabia -- also were in the top five Globally , a downward trend in the death penalty continues , Amnesty International says
CNN  -- Iran has charged two German journalists who interviewed the son and lawyer of a woman condemned to die by stoning with espionage , Iranian media reported Tuesday . "  Their reports and propaganda in Tabriz proved that they are in the country for spying , " Malek Ajdar Shafiee , the head of the Justice Department of East Azarbaijan , was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars News Agency . The two men , identified only as a reporter and photojournalist , were arrested last month in the northwest city of Tabriz after they interviewed the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and sentenced to death by stoning . The Iranian government also says Ashtiani was involved in her husband 's murder , a charge her family has denied . The charges against the two Germans comes the day after they were shown on Iranian state-run television . The program produced by Iran 's Channel 2 , quoted one of the men saying that they were "  tricked " by an activist with the German-based International Committee Against Stoning , into entering the country illegally . The unnamed man told the television station that the committee 's spokeswoman , Mina Ahadi , used the journalists for her own gain . "  Mina Ahadi sent me to Iran because she knew she would benefit from my arrest , and I 'll sue her when I get back to Germany , " the man said . Ahadi denied that the journalists traveled on behalf of the anti-stoning organization . Meanwhile , a German diplomat based in the embassy in Tehran was granted consular access for a second time Tuesday to the two German nationals , the German Foreign Office said in a statement . Monday 's broadcast also showed a woman identified as Ashtiani . The woman , whose face was blurred and whose words were translated from the Azeri language to Farsi , blamed Ahadi for spreading false information about her case around the world . Ashtiani 's son Sajjad Gaderzadeh and her lawyer Hootan Kian , were also interviewed on the program , the first time they have appeared on television since their arrests last month . Kian , a government-appointed lawyer , has been critical of the government 's handling of Ashtiani 's case . He said in August that she was being tortured while in prison and that he also feared for his own life . Gaderzadeh said Kian had told him that his mother was being tortured . "  Unfortunately I listened to them and lied to the foreign media about everything , " he said on the program . This is the third time Ashtiani has appeared on state-run television confessing to the charges of adultery and murder . "  I am a sinner , " she said Monday on the program . The International Committee Against Stoning condemned the televised confession . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran 's goal in airing this program is to agitate public opinion against Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani and Mina Ahadi , yet despite all efforts , in and of itself the program is a powerful reflection of the international campaign to save Sakineh , " said a statement from the organization . Iranian courts have said Ashtiani 's case is still under review .	The Germans were arrested after interviewing a woman 's son and lawyer They said on Iranian TV they were tricked and used by anti-stoning activists The two men were identified only as a reporter and photojournalist Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was sentenced to die by stoning for adultery
CNN  -- China says it is opposed to an upcoming meeting between the U.S. president and Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , and is calling on Barack Obama to cancel the visit . Obama will meet with the Dalai Lama at the White House on Saturday , according to a statement . The White House statement went on to say that the visit will highlight Obama 's support for dialogue between representatives of the Dalai Lama and the Chinese government . But the issue of Tibet is one that "  involves China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement . "  We oppose foreign leaders meeting with the Dalai Lama in any format . " The foreign ministry statement went on to ask that Obama reverse his decision to meet with the exiled spiritual leader , as well as to "  stop interfering with China 's internal affairs and damaging Sino-U.S. relations . " The current Dalai Lama is also known by the name Tenzin Gyatso . He was born in 1935 in modern-day Qinghai , China . The term "  Dalai Lama " is a Buddhist religious title . In traditional Tibetan belief , the title is given to those who are the reincarnations of a line of revered religious teachers . The current Dalai Lama is considered the 14th in this line . The Dalai Lama has been in Washington on an 11-day visit . He has conducted a mass ritual for Buddhists and met with several lawmakers on Capitol Hill .	U.S. president to meet with Buddhist spiritual leader at the White House on Saturday China 's Foreign Ministry asks Obama to reverse the decision to meet with the Dalai Lama The Dalai Lama has been in Washington for nearly two weeks
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Just seven days after the world woke up to the shock of yet another South African police brutality scandal , the story has already moved to the inside pages of newspapers . Here in South Africa we are not much surprised by the brutal death of Mido Macia , the taxi driver who was allegedly dragged by a police van to his death last week . The only surprise is that South Africans -- and knowledgeable observers of the country -- were surprised by this outrage at all . Macia 's tragic death is merely the latest in a long and growing list of innocents suspected of being perpetrated by our police . Macia 's name is preceded by others that reflect the re-militarization of the SA Police Services over the past four years , and the consequences of that process . We remember very well , here , the name Atlegang Aphane . He was three years old when police shot him dead in 2009 , allegedly because the policeman thought the toddler was carrying a gun . He was just playing with a piece of iron pipe in a settlement where toys are hard to come by . Then there was the activist and teacher Andries Tatane : he ran to stop policemen abusing an old man . Eleven of them beat him to death with batons in front of television cameras and shot him with rubber bullets at point-blank range . And so it goes on . Last August 34 striking mineworkers at Marikana were mowed down in under 30 minutes by police , who later bizarrely charged their surviving comrades with murder of their own colleagues . As if that was not enough , the commissioner of police later told her members that they should not feel sorry for what had happened . More than 13 of the Marikana dead were shot in the back . The reason for the increase in cases of police brutality in South Africa is not hard to find . It goes straight to the heart of the administration of President Jacob Zuma , which since its inauguration in May 2009 has beaten the drum of "  tough action " against the admittedly high and rampant crime in our country . South Africa fury over shooting tests Zuma In 1994 the Nelson Mandela administration actively started demilitarizing the apartheid police force . Military ranks were abandoned , and the word service was added to the police 's name to make it the SA Police Services . Civilians were encouraged to be more active in police structures , with community policing becoming the norm . Not so under Zuma . A process of re-militarization of the police started , coupled with tough talk from politicians and police top brass . Zuma 's administration was particularly enamored with the word "  bastard . " "  We can not say to the police , retreat . We can not say to South Africans , despair . Our job is to give people hope . Yes . Shoot the bastards . Hard-nut to crack , incorrigible bastards , " said then-deputy police minister Fikile Mbalula in 2009 . He was echoing words used by the justice minister , Susan Shabangu , who had said the year before : "  You must kill the bastards if they threaten you or the community . You must not worry about the regulations . That is my responsibility . Your responsibility is to serve and protect . " In the period since 2009 military nomenclature has returned to the SAPS . The police commissioner now carries the rank of general . Crack units have been established , and the para-military unit "  AmaBherete " is notorious for its brutality in enforcing the law in townships . Victims have provided numerous footage of their brutality , in one case beating up restaurant patrons without any provocation , but no action has been taken . Police brutality is rarely punished in South Africa . City Press newspaper reports that in the 2011/12 financial year 720 deaths allegedly at the hands of police were investigated by the Independent Police Investigative Directorate . Only five officers were dismissed and 13 convicted of crimes during that period . In the 2008/09 financial year 912 deaths at the hands of police were investigated . Just three officers were dismissed . It is not just that the police do not want to act . As demonstrated by the sheer buffoonery of the investigation carried out by Hilton Botha -- the investigating officer in the Oscar Pistorius case and himself facing seven charges of murder for shooting at a taxi with seven passengers in it -- our police services are terrible at investigation . Out of 65,000 sexual offences reported every year in South Africa in recent times , the police are fortunate to record more than 4,000 convictions . It is almost just not worth reporting the crime . So where does that leave us , a country still reeling from international coverage of Pistorius ' shooting of an innocent woman in his own bathroom ? Where does all this rape , murder and brutality come from ? Many point to apartheid , others to the gun and violent culture of that system . Others point to its effects : the dehumanization of the black man and the dehumanization of the white man too . The sociologists are kept busy with all this -- how does one explain an international athlete living in a secure estate sleeping with a gun by his bedside and a rifle at his windowsill ? How does one explain a rape every four minutes ? The here and now is that we are not doing enough to push back against our historical problems . Men are not being taught in schools and communities that rape is wrong . Police are being re-militarized . All this points to one thing : You will be hearing of another violent , police or gun-related or rape-related , scandal out of South Africa before long . After all , Zuma has already promised tough action against protesters this year . Our police are ready , and waiting , to "  shoot to kill . " Editor 's note : South Africa 's acting police minister has said tough action will be taken against those involved in the death of Mido Macia and called for a speedy independent investigation . Moses Dlamini , a spokesman for the Independent Police Investigative Directorate  IPID  , an independent government agency that looks into possible crimes by police , said officers who carry out crimes do not reflect the police service as a whole . "  There are many other officers who are dedicated , who uphold the law and arrest criminals all the time , " he said . Dlamini also said the statistics cited by the City Press were misleading when viewed out of context . Not all of the 720 deaths reported in 2011/2012 were caused by police action , he said . Some were due to natural causes or injuries sustained before arrest . "  In fact , the number of deaths in custody as well as deaths as a result of police action have been declining significantly over the last four years . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Justice Malala .	Taxi driver Mido Macia allegedly dragged by a police van to his death last week He is just latest suspected victim of police brutality , says Justice Malala Malala says President Zuma has started re-militarizing police , hard-line tactics South Africans are not doing enough to push back against historical problems - Malala
CNN  -- The tragedy of Ireland 's violent past seemed close to the surface this week as an Irish presidential candidate was confronted about his former role as an IRA commander , and Britain 's prime minister talked with a family about a Catholic victim of "  the troubles . " Irish presidential candidate Martin McGuinness was confronted Monday by a man claiming to be the son of a soldier killed by the Irish Republican Army in the 1980s , as McGuinness campaigned ahead of Election Day , October 27 . David Kelly confronted McGuinness in Athlone , Ireland , demanding answers about his father , Patrick Kelly , who he said had been shot dead with a trainee police officer as they attempted to rescue a kidnapped businessman in the Republic of Ireland in 1983 . As shoppers and the media looked on , Kelly demanded that McGuinness name the killers , to which McGuinness replied , "  I do n't know who was responsible for the killing of your father . " Kelly then accused McGuinness of having been a member of the IRA 's ruling Army Council at the time of the killing -- which McGuinness denied . "  You are a liar . I want justice for my father , " Kelly said . McGuinness , a former IRA commander and now a leader of the political party Sinn Fein , stepped down from his position as Northern Ireland 's deputy first minister to run for president of the Republic of Ireland . Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom , while the Republic of Ireland is an independent state . Meanwhile , on Tuesday the widow of murdered Catholic Belfast lawyer Pat Finucane and other family members will hold talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron about their demand for a public inquiry into his 1989 killing . The family says they suspect the British government sanctioned the killing . Finucane , 39 , had represented IRA members in many high-profile cases , but he had also represented pro-British , or loyalist , terrorists . He was gunned down by a loyalist gang at his Belfast home , in front of his wife and three children . His family has long believed the security forces cooperated with the killers . The man convicted of Finucane 's murder was a police informer . John Finucane was the youngest at the family dinner table on the day of the killing , just 8 years old . Now a lawyer himself , he will also attend Tuesday 's meeting at Downing Street . "  The meeting is at the request of the prime minister and we expect to be told what his intentions are , " he told CNN . "  We are optimistic and hopeful he will announce there is an inquiry and the inquiry is one we can engage with . We are cautiously optimistic , but there have been let-downs over the past 22 years . " Finucane says he has "  absolutely no doubt " the state was involved in his father 's murder . "  That 's not just my opinion , that 's the opinion of Sir John Stevens , the most senior policeman in England , when he examined it . It 's also the opinion of Peter Cory , " a retired Canadian judge , "  who was tasked with looking at the evidence in the case to decide whether an inquiry was necessary . So it 's not just my family that believe there was collusion . "  I think it 's pretty much accepted that there was collusion in my father 's killing . " The question , he said , is "  how high up the chain of command that went . " Finucane added that , "  in the absence of a transparent examination of all the relevant evidence , I believe it went as high as the office where I 'm going to meet the prime minister . " The British prime minister at the time was Margaret Thatcher . While the almost daily violence of the 1970s and 1980s is a thing of the past in Northern Ireland , remnants of "  the troubles " remain . Some terrorist splinter groups remain active and even have the capacity to kill . Still , the current campaign is on a much smaller scale than in the past . Sinn Fein , viewed as the IRA 's political wing , is now a key player in the peace process and shares power with its former bitter enemies , pro-British lawmakers , in a coalition government in Belfast . But this week 's events show how old wounds still haunt and divide the island . Finucane believes facing the past is the key to continuing progress . "  The issue of the past is the single most important issue that has the ability to bring both sides of the community here back to a very dark place , " he said , "  and unresolved cases like my father 's do nothing but damage the present society . "	Man confronts Republic candidate demanding answers for his father 's killing Patrick Kelly was shot dead attempting to rescue a kidnap victim in 1983 Family of murdered lawyer Pat Finucane will talk with British Prime Minister Cameron Finucane 's family wants inquiry , and says British government was complicit
Matador  -- Summer in the U.S. and Canada is all about road tripping . Here are 7 of our favorites , some well known , others following country roads that only locals usually travel . All of them have plenty of room for improvisation . Pacific Northwest to Montana This big loop is all about National Parks , National Forests and some of the most unique terrain and wildlife anywhere in the world . Taking anywhere from 2 to 4 + weeks , you can go from the coastal rainforest of the Olympic Peninsula all the way to the alpine montane , geysers , and hot springs of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . * STARTING POINT : Seattle , Washington or Portland , Oregon * Follow Highway 101 to the Olympic Peninsula * Try camping along the Wild Coast * Special stops : La Push , Washington  for good camping , hotels and a classic Washington surf spot  , Hoh Rainforest * Take the ferry from Kingston to Edmonds , Washington , and back to Seattle * From Seattle , take I-90 East to the Missoula , Montana area  7 hours  with good camping along Clark Fork River near Alberton * Go from Missoula to Yellowstone National Park via Livingston  Highway 89  * On the return trip , head back from Yellowstone via 287 along the Madison River Matador : Road trip planning -- staying sane , well-fed and entertained Nova Scotia Loop This trip is a great choice for people who do n't like long driving days . All the stops are close to one another , and the loop features local towns and roads as opposed to interstates . Nova Scotia is "  Canada 's ocean playground " -- a land of salty old towns , friendly locals and stretches of wilderness coastline along the North Atlantic . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Halifax * Take Coastal Highway 3 to Peggy 's Cove * Stop in Mahone Bay . Check out the LaHave Bakery , which also doubles as a hostel in peak season * Visit the port town ofLunenburg , a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Outstanding folk art galleries and veggie-friendly cafes are scattered between the seafood restaurants and tiny B&B s. * From Lunenburg , cut inland via Bridgewater to Kejimkujik National Park for world-class canoeing and camping * Follow Highway 8 north from Keji to Annapolis Royal * Detour west along the Annapolis Basin to Bear River * Head east on Highway 1 to Kentville and then north to Cape Split for a classic day hike * Highway 1 will take you back east and south to Halifax Notes : This loop could be extended by following Highway 3 west from Lunenburg all the way to Yarmouth , on the western tip of the peninsula , where it connects to Highway 1 . Tourism Nova Scotia offers further detail about both routes -- check out The Lighthouse Route  south shore  and The Evangeline Trail  Fundy shore  . Southern Appalachia to the Sea The south starts warming up nicely come May . You can also find sweet tea and chefs that know how to cook collard greens and black eyed peas . This loop has a good mix of local towns / culture as well as varied terrain and wilderness from the coast to the sea . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Atlanta , Georgia * Special restaurant mention : Greenwoods in Roswell . Fuel up for your trip at this Southern eatery * Take 85 N to 316 to Athens * Follow 441N from Athens through Clayton , Georgia to Franklin , North Carolina * The Nantahala National Forest offers excellent camping options * Continue to Asheville via 74 / US 40  Special brewery mention in Asheville : Pisgah Brewing  * Take the Blue Ridge Parkway north from Asheville * Stop at Linville Falls  there 's outstanding backpacking in Linville Gorge  * Continue North via Skyline Drive into Shenandoah National Park or take I-64 East to Charlottesville , Virginia * Head back south through Richmond to Raleigh . The coastal North Carolina city of Wilmington is just a couple of hours from Raleigh on I-40 . * For another coastal drive , head south to Charleston , South Carolina Notes : For an alternative loop that leaves out Athens but takes you through Nashville , Tennessee , and moves faster , take I-75 North from Atlanta through Chattanooga to Nashville , then reconnect to Asheville via I-40 . Vancouver , British Columbia Canada 's wild western frontier offers some of the most intense but still accessible wilderness on the planet . It 's also among the coolest road trips , temperature-wise , during the summertime . From the innumerable coves off the coast , to the high peaks of the coastal range , a summer BC road trip is all about exploring the pacific northwestern terrain . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Vancouver * Take Highway 99 to Horseshoe Bay ferry terminal , then hop a ferry to Vancouver Island * Head west until you reach the coast , then head up Hwy 4 until you hit the surf town of Tofino . Spend a day on the waves  bring your wetsuit  * Horseshoe Bay . Head east to the ferry terminal and ride it back to Vancouver * Whistler . Drive north again on Hwy 99 until you hit Whistler , home to some of the best trails in the world for mountain biking , hiking and camping * Head north from Whistler on Hwy 97 * The mountains will give way to gold miner 's country in Cache Creek , followed by Kamloops  the tournament capital of Canada  * Stop in Kelowna , the center of Okanagan wine country . Special Mention : tour of Summerhill Pyramid Winery . Props if you can spot the mysterious Ogopogo , BC 's version of the Loch Ness monster , said to live in Lake Okanagan * From Kelowna , head west . Do n't miss Hell 's Gate for a tram ride over the abyss * Continue until you join up with Hwy 1  Trans-Canada  and make your way back to Vancouver Matador : Top 20 microbreweries in America Front Range to Montana The high passes of the Rockies fill up during the summer with RVs , motorcycles and everyone else enjoying the mountains , rivers and open stretches of highway . This loop features two major National Parks and true cowboy towns . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Denver metro area  including Boulder , Ft. Collins  * Take 287 N. through Wyoming  Chief Joseph Highway  * Check out some truly off the beaten path exploration options  backpacking  in Wind River range * Near Lander , Wyoming , Sinks Canyon is an excellent campground / first night 's place to stop if making a big push to Yellowstone or the Tetons * Continue on 287 N to Tetons * Special Mention : Dubois -- a true cowboy town . See if you can spot a local who is n't driving a pickup truck * Teton National Park * Yellowstone National Park * Drive Bear Tooth Scenic Highway -- Hwy 212 winds its way over the spine of the Rocky Mountains at 10,970 feet , linking Red Lodge to Cooke City at Yellowstone National Park 's Northeast Entrance * Stop at Little Bighorn Battlefield for a reenactment of Custer 's last stand Notes : Additionally , Jackson , Wyoming  known by non-locals as "  Jackson Hole "  -- is less than an hour south of Teton National Park , and totally worth the detour . Jackson is one of the most unique towns in America , and has some of the most hardcore communities of skiers , snowboarders and adventure athletes in the world . Check the local terrain and you 'll know why . Best of the Southwest This road trip is one of the hottest on the map , but visitors will be surprised how much the temperatures cool off in the desert southwest , especially at high elevation . Bring layers . More than any other loop , the Best of the Southwest has a high concentration of National Parks . Give yourself several extra days for camping / local options around the Grand Canyon . This loop could easily be extended for an entire month or more . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Phoenix , Arizona * Head north on I-17 through Flagstaff on to the Grand Canyon * Follow 89 N to the North Rim and Marble Canyon * Various loops are possible using 89 and 191 to visit Glen Canyon , Canyonlands , Archesnational parks and recreation areas * To visit Mesa Verdetake 491 South to 160 East into southern Colorado via Durango * Stop at Pagosa Springs for an excellent family hot springs experience * Head south into New Mexico via Chama , to Santa Fe * Drive south on 285 through Roswell to Carlsbad Caverns * Head south into Texas through Guadalupe Mountains National Park and farther south to Big Bend National Park * Then go northwest through El Paso to White Sands National Monument * To get back , head west on 10 to Tucson , then back up to Phoenix Northern New England Loop The Northern New England Loop is all about cooler temps , short driving days on winding country roads and local hiking in the Appalachians . This is a great choice for families with young kids or those looking for an easier road trip . * STARTING/ENDING POINT : Burlington , VT  or surrounding area  * Take 89 south through Waterbury , Vermont * Take Route 100 , a great winding country road , south past Warren Falls swimming hole * Go east on 4 through Woodstock and cross into New Hampshire at Hanover , where Dartmouth College is located * Drive east to New Hampshire 's Lake Winnipesaukee and continue to Portland , Maine * Follow Route 1 along the coast past beaches and art towns , through Camden , to Acadia National Park * Then head north through Bangor and up to Baxter State Park * Turn west through nowhere-land to the Moosehead Lake Region * Cross back into New Hampshire after Grafton Notch State Park * Continue into Northeast Kingdom , Vermont and back to Burlington via Stowe Matador : Green guide to Halifax Read the full story on MatadorNetwork.com  2011 Matador Network , Matador Ventures , LLC .	Highways and little country roads lead the way for great US and Canadian road trips Great trips : Pacific Northwest to Montana and Southern Appalachia to the sea Road trips through Nova Scotia and Vancouver expose much of Canada 's natural beauty
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Corey Haim seemed to be winning his battle against drug abuse in the weeks before his death , his manager and closest friend said Wednesday . The 1980s teen movie actor and heartthrob died early Wednesday after collapsing in the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother , authorities said . Haim was "  weaned down to literally zero medications " in the last two weeks by an addiction specialist , manager Mark Heaslip said on HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell . " The doctor "  put him on a new line of medications , " Haim 's longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Feldman pleaded with people not to draw conclusions that Haim died from a drug overdose . He said that until the autopsy report is issued , "  nobody knows and nobody 's going to know . " "  I know that there were symptoms that he was showing that expressed it could be a number of things , " Feldman said . "  This could have been a kidney failure . This could have been a heart failure . " Heaslip said Haim 's mother , Judy , told him "  there were no signs of him overdosing . " His death came as his career was picking up , with Haim booking "  movie after movie , " Heaslip said . His latest film is set for release soon , he said . Haim "  really became a man " in recent months as he helped his mother in her battle with cancer , Feldman said . "  He 's been there for her , taking care of her , being responsible , " he said . Haim , 38 , was taken to Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , California , early Wednesday , where he was pronounced dead at 2:15 a.m. , Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter said . Haim was in the apartment he shared with his mother , Judy , when he "  became a little dizzy , he kind of went to his knees in the bedroom , " Winter said . "  His mom assisted him in the bed . He became unresponsive . " His mother called paramedics to the apartment , which is between Hollywood Hills and Burbank , he said . Los Angeles Police Sgt. Frank Albarran said earlier that Haim 's death appeared to be accidental and may have been because of an overdose . Haim had suffered flu-like symptoms for two days , the deputy coroner said "  We found no illicit drugs ; however , we did recover four of his prescription meds at the location , " Winter said , adding he does not know what those drugs were . An autopsy , including toxicology tests , will be conducted Wednesday , Winter said . It is likely to be weeks before any conclusions are made public . The actor was under the care of his doctor , who visited him Tuesday night , as well as another doctor who specializes in treating addictions , Heaslip said . Feldman said he was angry about how Haim has been snubbed in recent years by the entertainment industry . He was broke , without a car and living in a month-to-month rental apartment with his mother , he said . "  We build people up as children , we put them on pedestals and then when we decide that they are not marketable anymore , we walk away from them , " he said . Haim 's most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which he appeared with Feldman . Haim played the role of a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire . In later years , the two friends , who appeared in eight movies together , struggled with drug abuse and went their separate ways . They reunited for a reality show , "  The Two Coreys , " in 2007 , but A&E Network canceled the program after slightly more than a year . In a 2007 interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Haim and Feldman discussed their battle with drugs . Feldman told King that he had gotten clean , but it took Haim longer . Haim called himself "  a chronic relapser for the rest of my life . " "  I think I have an addiction to pretty much everything , " he said . "  I mean , I have to be very careful with myself as far as that goes , which is why I have a support group around me consistently . " iReport : Share your memories of Haim In 2008 , Feldman told People magazine that he would no longer speak to Haim until his former co-star got sober . In a clip from "  The Two Coreys , " Feldman and his wife , along with two other former teen stars , called on Haim in an effort to get him to admit he needed help , the magazine said . The meeting followed an incident in which Haim , scheduled to film a cameo appearance in a direct-to-DVD sequel to "  The Lost Boys , " appeared on the set "  clearly under the influence , " People reported . Feldman told King on Wednesday that he renewed his contact with Haim in the past year because of the progress he made against his addiction . Haim was born December 23 , 1971 , in Toronto , Ontario , according to a biography on his Web site . He made his first television appearance in 1982 on the Canadian series "  The Edison Twins . " His first film role was in the 1984 American movie "  First Born . " Haim also won rave reviews for his title role in the 1986 film "  Lucas . " Film critic Roger Ebert said of him at the time , "  If he continues to act this well , he will never become a half-forgotten child star , but will continue to grow into an important actor . " After "  The Lost Boys , " Haim and Feldman appeared in "  License to Drive " and "  Dream a Little Dream . "	Cause of actor Corey Haim 's death unknown His agent says his career was picking up Friend Corey Feldman says Haim "  became a man " caring for sick mother
CNN  -- A body found Monday beside a North Carolina road is that of 5-year-old Shaniya Davis , who was reported missing a week ago , police said Tuesday . The official cause of death was undetermined as of Tuesday afternoon , Fayetteville police said in written statement . An announced afternoon media briefing was rescheduled for Wednesday morning . Earlier Tuesday , police said additional charges are expected in connection with the case and any charges will be made public as soon as they are filed . Shaniya 's mother , Antoinette Nicole Davis , has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses . Davis was "  prostituting her child , " police spokeswoman Teresa Chance said after Davis ' arrest over the weekend . Another suspect , Mario Andrette McNeill , has been charged with kidnapping in the case . Shaniya 's father , Bradley Lockhart , made a tearful appeal before reporters Tuesday afternoon , asking that "  everybody makes it a point not to ignore , to look past a situation where a person , a child , or anybody might be in danger ... so that we do n't have another tragedy like Shaniya . " He said authorities have given him limited information , but he was to meet with them later . "  It 's not the result I wanted , it 's not the result any father or family would want for their children , " he said . "  But God has a greater calling for all of us . " Shaniya 's mother reported her missing from their Fayetteville home in a mobile home park on November 10 . According to police , surveillance video taken that day from a hotel in Sanford shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill . "  The investigation at this point indicates that Shaniya Davis was alive at the time she left the Sanford hotel , " police said in the statement Tuesday . The road where the body was found is near Sanford , which is about 30 miles northwest of Fayetteville . Shaniya 's half-sister , Cheyenne Lockhart , said on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Monday that she found it difficult to believe Davis had treated her daughter so poorly . "  She seemed like the sweetest woman . She did n't come from much , but ... she had the sweetest voice , she had the sweetest personality , and especially toward me . I would never think that she would do anything like that , " said Lockhart , who shared a father with Shaniya . Their father said Shaniya went to her mother 's home on October 9 . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	NEW : Grieving father , speaking to media , urges people not to ignore children in peril Shaniya Davis , 5 , was reported missing last week Mother Antoinette Nicole Davis faces human trafficking , other charges Davis was "  prostituting her child , " police spokeswoman says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two undocumented workers from Mexico and one from Ecuador have reached court settlements in recent weeks for a total of $ 3.85 million in damages for New York construction-site accidents , an attorney for the men announced Wednesday . "  All three cases involve construction and terribly unsafe working conditions , " the attorney , Brian O'Dwyer , said in a news conference . "  We 're here today to re-emphasize -- as we have in the past -- to the Latino community and all undocumented workers that they have the same rights once they 're on the job as any New York citizen . " A 33-year-old undocumented plumber from Mexico who was scalded by an exploding pipe at a Wall Street construction site in 2004 settled his damage claim for $ 2.5 million , according to a statement given to reporters at the news conference . The married father of two , who says he still has nightmares from the accident , hopes to open a restaurant or bar with the settlement money , his cousin told reporters . In a separate statement , owners of the Wall Street site said only that the injured plumber was "  employed directly by -LSB- the -RSB- contractor and not by the owner of the property nor the managing agent . " Reached through a public relations firm , a spokesperson for the contractor , Swig Equities , had no comment . Another undocumented Mexican worker suffered severe injuries to his left foot and other parts of his body when a steel beam fell on his lower body at a building site in downtown Manhattan , the news conference statement said . The 52-year-old settled his damage claim against Beway Realty Corp. and F.J. Sciame Construction Co. . Inc. for $ 750,000 , according to the statement . David Koeppel , a managing member of Beway Realty , said he was not familiar with the case . F.J. Sciame Construction , the site 's contractor , did not respond to inquiries . A 36-year-old Ecuadorian laborer who worked at the Arverne by the Sea community in Queens -- a neighborhood The New York Times has called a "  bright spot " in the housing market for its strong sales and low foreclosure rates -- settled a damage claim for $ 600,000 , the news conference statement said . He was injured when three large 44x10-foot trusses , each weighing 200 pounds , collapsed onto him in August 2007 , fracturing his hip and causing other injuries , according to the statement . The father of three , who had worked in construction for more than a decade and owned his own company at the time of the accident , said he was very sad after the accident because he did not know how he would support his family . His two sons , now 7 and 8 , and his 16-year-old daughter were all born in the United States . "  The contractor tried to blame me , " he said at the news conference , speaking in Spanish . What message would he give other workers ? "  Do n't be afraid to talk to a lawyer . " Although he had not yet recovered enough to resume construction work , he hopes to use the settlement money to build a home for his family in New Jersey . Messages left for The Beechwood Organization , developers of Arverne by the Sea , were not returned . Joel Magallan , executive director of Asociacion Tepeyac , an immigrant advocacy group , said that while construction work is often dangerous , undocumented workers are likely to work at sites that lack safety equipment and OSHA regulation compliance . "  This is a great day for the undocumented immigrants , " Magallan said . "  They have to know today that they have rights -- the same rights as other workers who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents . " "  Many workers are threatened by their employers with deportation or discharge if they bring their cases to court , " O'Dwyer said . "  What we find normally on work sites in New York is that deaths occur to the undocumented far out of proportion to their work in the workplace , and that is because of the fact that they just do not receive the safety protections , " he said . In 2005 , O'Dwyer won a historic $ 4 million settlement for a 33-year-old Mexican worker who had fallen 30 feet in a scaffolding accident in the Bronx . The injured worker , who was hospitalized for four weeks and underwent seven surgeries after the 2001 accident , told CNN on Wednesday that workers -- documented or undocumented -- should not to be afraid to stand up for their rights . Although it is illegal for an employer to knowingly hire a worker who is undocumented , according to the New York City Mayor 's Office of Immigration Affairs , if an undocumented worker is hired by an employer , he or she then has the right to be paid minimum wage and overtime , the right to health protection and workplace safety , and the right to organize to improve labor conditions . "  Each of these men was injured in the course of their work on construction sites , and their immigration status was irrelevant to their right to seek redress for those injuries , " O'Dwyer explained in a statement . "  Enforcing laws requiring a safe workplace serves the interests of all Americans , whether they are citizens or not . " The men involved in the settlements said they chose to remain anonymous to protect relatives outside of the United States , who could become the target of kidnapping schemes if knowledge of their settlements became public .	Two undocumented workers from Mexico , one from Ecuador reach settlements The three had been injured in different construction accidents around New York Attorney says undocumented workers have same rights once they 're on the job Advocate says undocumented construction workers often have less-safe sites
New York  CNN  -- Protesters gathered in lower Manhattan mid-day Sunday to demonstrate against plans to build a mosque near the site of Ground Zero , where the twin towers of the World Trade Center were destroyed by Islamist hijackers on September 11 , 2001 . Protest organizer Pamela Geller , a conservative blogger , and her group , "  Stop the Islamicization of America , " planned the event because , according to the group 's website , "  Building the Ground Zero mosque is not an issue of religious freedom , but of resisting an effort to insult the victims of 9/11 and to establish a beachhead for political Islam and Islamic supremacism in New York ... Ground Zero is a war memorial , a burial ground . Respect it . " Geller said the NYPD and security at the rally told her about 5,000 demonstrators were there . But NYPD spokesman Sgt. Kevin Hayes said the police department 's policy is to not provide crowd estimates and that he could not confirm Geller 's number . CNN iReporter Julio Ortiz-Teissonniere , who attended the rally and sent photos to CNN , said the number was closer to 200-300 while he was there for the first 45 minutes of the event . All three said the protest was peaceful . Human rights advocates , politicians and families of 9/11 victims addressed the crowd . Both Geller and Ortiz-Teissonniere said those family members elicited a powerful , emotional response from the protesters . Geller recently told CNN 's Joy Behar that no one 's telling the mosque 's planners they ca n't build it , but "  We 're asking them not to . " "  We feel it would be more appropriate maybe to build a center dedicated to expunging the Quranic texts of the violent ideology that inspired jihad , or perhaps a center to the victims of hundreds of millions of years of jihadi wars , land enslavements , cultural annihilations and mass slaughter , " Geller said . The project calls for a 13-story community center including a mosque , performing art center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . It is a collaboration between the American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Initiative . The Cordoba Initiative aims to improve relations between Muslims and the West . "  The Cordoba Initiative hopes to build a $ 100 million , 13-story community center with Islamic , interfaith and secular programming , similar to the 92nd Street Y , " its website says , referring to the cultural institution on the upper East side of Manhattan . Daisy Khan of the American Society for Muslim Advancement told CNN it was a "  community center with a prayer space inside . " She said the project was an opportunity for American Muslims living in New York to "  give back " to the community . "  There is a lot of ignorance about who Muslims are . A center like this will be dedicated to removing that ignorance and it will also counter the extremists because moderate Muslims need a voice , " she told CNN . "  Their voices need to be amplified . " Local political leaders turned out in support of the community last month after Mark Williams of the conservative Tea Party Express reportedly said the mosque was for "  the worship of the terrorists ' monkey-god . " "  To make room for peace there can be no room for hatred , bigotry or prejudice , " City Councilman Robert Jackson said at the May 20 demonstration . The project has the backing of the Community Board of lower Manhattan . It does not require city permission to go ahead . iReport : Protests against mosque near Ground Zero The plan has split people touched by the September 11 attacks . "  Lower Manhattan should be made into a shrine for the people who died there , " said Michael Valentin , a retired city detective who worked at ground zero . "  It breaks my heart for the families who have to put up with this . I understand they 're -LSB- building -RSB- it in a respectful way , but it just should n't be down there . " Others such as Barry Zelman said the site 's location will be a painful reminder . "  The 9/11 terrorists  did this in the name of Islam , " Zelman said . "  It 's a sacred ground where these people died , where my brother was murdered , and to be in the shadows of that religion , it 's just hypocritical and sacrilegious . " But Marvin Bethea , who was a paramedic at ground zero , said it was "  the right thing to do . " "  I lost 16 friends down there . But Muslims also got killed on 9/11 . It would be a good sign of faith that we 're not condemning all Muslims and that the Muslims who did this happened to be extremists , " he said . "  As a black man , I know what it 's like to be discriminated against when you have n't done anything . " CNN 's Nicole Bliman , Richard Greene and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	NEW : Protest at Ground Zero gathers opponents of mosque building Protest leader says "  We 're asking them not to . " Mosque is to be built near site of destroyed twin towers Plans call for mosque , performance art center and other public spaces
CNN  -- An Egyptian who was once a Special Forces officer has been chosen "  caretaker " leader of al Qaeda in the wake of Osama bin Laden 's death , according to a source with detailed knowledge of the group 's inner workings . Al Qaeda 's interim leader is Saif al-Adel , who has long played a prominent role in the group , according to Noman Benotman . Benotman has known the al Qaeda leadership for more than two decades . He was once a leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group  LIFG  , a militant organization that used to be aligned with al Qaeda , but in recent years renounced al Qaeda 's ideology . Benotman told CNN that based on his personal communications with militants and discussions on jihadist forums , al-Adel , also known as Muhamad Ibrahim Makkawi , had been chosen interim chief of al Qaeda because the global jihadist community had grown restive in recent days about the lack of a formal announcement of a successor to bin Laden . U.S. : Bin Laden communicated with Yemen group According to Benotman , this was not a decision of the formal shura council of al Qaeda , because it is currently impossible to gather them in one place , but was rather the decision of six to eight leaders of al Qaeda in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area . Al-Adel was already one of the top leaders of the group . However , Benotman said , the choice of an Egyptian may not sit well with some Saudi and Yemeni members of al Qaeda , who believe bin Laden 's successor should come from the Arabian Peninsula , a region that is holy to all Muslims . Bin Laden was from a wealthy Saudi family . The presumed successor to bin Laden is his long-time deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , who is also Egyptian . Benotman , who has long been a reliable source of information about al Qaeda , said the temporary appointment of al-Adel may be a way for the leadership to gauge reaction to the selection of someone from beyond the Arabian Peninsula as the group 's leader . Al-Adel fought the Soviets in Afghanistan during the 1980s . After the fall of the Taliban in the winter of 2001 he fled to Iran . According to senior Saudi counterterrorism officials , from there al-Adel authorized al Qaeda 's branch in Saudi Arabia to begin a campaign of terrorist attacks in the Saudi kingdom that began in Riyadh in May 2003 , a campaign that killed scores . Some reports in the past year have suggested that al-Adel had left Iran for Pakistan . Pakistan announces key al Qaeda arrest One of the key issues that al-Adel has to reckon with now is the fallout from the large quantities of sensitive information that was recovered by U.S. forces at the compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where bin Laden was shot on May 2 . That information is likely to prove damaging to al Qaeda operations . The selection of an interim leader allows al Qaeda to begin the process of collecting allegiance , or baya , from al-Qaeda affiliates such as the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the North Africa-based al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Baya was a religious oath of allegiance to bin Laden rather than to the organization itself , in the same way that Nazi Party members swore an oath of fealty to Hitler rather than to Nazism . That baya must now be transferred to whomever the new leader of al Qaeda is going to be , which is likely to be al-Zawahiri , given his long role as bin Laden 's deputy . Opinion : Why bin Laden was radicalized However , there is scant evidence that al-Zawahiri has the charisma of bin Laden , nor that he commands the respect bordering on love that was accorded to bin Laden by members of al Qaeda . Now that bin Laden is dead there is a real opportunity for the Taliban to disassociate itself from al Qaeda , as it was bin Laden who , sometime before the 9/11 attacks , swore an oath of allegiance to Taliban leader Mullah Omar as the Amir al-Muminin , "  commander of the faithful , " a rarely invoked religious title that dates from around the time of the Prophet Mohammed . Mullah Omar could now take the position that the new leader of al Qaeda does not need to swear an oath of allegiance to Omar as commander of the faithful . Such a move would satisfy a key condition for peace talks with the U.S. and Afghan governments : that the Taliban reject al Qaeda , something that they have so far not done . Al-Adel has been involved in militant activities since the late 1980s , according to an interview with him published in spring 2005 in the Arabic-language London-based daily Al-Quds al-Arabi . In the article , written by Fuad Husayn , a Jordanian journalist and writer , al-Adel recalled that he was detained for militant activities in Egypt on May 6 , 1987 . Al Qaeda 's most-wanted leaders "  The case pertained to the assassination attempt against ex-Egyptian Interior Minister Hasan Abu-Basha . ... I was then a colonel in the Egyptian Special Forces , " he said . Al-Adel also has been involved for years in anti-American activities , other sources indicate . Mohamed Odeh , one of the bombers of the U.S. Embassy in Kenya in August 1998 , told FBI interrogators that in 1993 he was ordered by al-Adel to go to Somalia to link up with local tribes and train them to fight and attack U.S. forces who were then serving there in a humanitarian mission to feed starving Somalis . And a British-Ugandan , Feroz Ali Abbasi , who had trained in an al-Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan before 9/11 , recalled in a memoir that Adel instructed him and other recruits to fight U.S. forces around Kabul or in the southern city of Kandahar during the American invasion of Afghanistan in the fall of 2001 In the interview published in Al-Quds al-Arabi , al-Adel also explained al Qaeda 's motivations for the 9/11 attack : "  Our main objective , therefore , was to deal a strike to the head of the snake at home to smash its arrogance . " After the fall of the Taliban , Adel recalled that he and other members of al-Qaeda found refuge in Iran : "  We began to converge on Iran one after the other , " he said . " ... We began to rent apartments for the fraternal brothers and some of their families . The fraternal brothers of the group of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar " -- an Afghan militant then living in exile in Iran who is now a leader of the insurgency in Afghanistan -- "  offered us satisfactory help in this field . They provided us with apartments and some farms that they owned . " But Al-Adel said that the Iranians subsequently arrested a large number of these "  brothers . "	Noman Benotman says Saif al-Adel is the "  caretaker " leader of al Qaeda The selection of an Egyptian might not be accepted by some in al Qaeda Benotman has known al Qaeda leadership for two decades
In one of the most anticipated Supreme Court hearings in years , the justices on Tuesday offered sharply divided views on the controversial individual mandate provision at the heart of the 2010 federal health care reform law . The fate of the individual mandate -- requiring most Americans to purchase health insurance by 2014 or face a financial penalty -- may be in jeopardy , and perhaps with it the entire law 's other 450 or so sections , based on tough questions of the government by the court 's conservative majority . Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst , said questions asked at oral arguments often show how justices are thinking , and based on what he heard Tuesday , the health care reform law could be in "  grave danger . " Neither the justices nor the lawyers arguing before them mentioned "  Obamacare " -- as opponents have labeled the law pushed through Congress by Democrats and President Barack Obama -- or the president by name . But the court seemed fully aware of the landmark consequences of their eventual rulings . "  Those who do n't participate in health care make it more expensive for everyone else , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , in support of the law . "  It is not your free choice " to stay out of the market for life , she said . Hear Tuesday 's oral arguments Younger , mostly healthy people who would be the "  subsidizers will become the subsidized " when they grow older , added Justice Elena Kagan . However , Justice Anthony Kennedy said that the federal government "  is telling an individual he has the obligation he must act " and purchase insurance . "  That threatens to change the relationship between the government and the individual in a profound way , " Kennedy said . If Congress could regulate health care in the name of commerce , added Chief Justice John Roberts , "  all bets are off " on a range of areas subject to federal oversight . Monday roundup : 90 minutes of lively debate Tuesday 's argument was the biggest of the high court 's three-day marathon this week examining the limits of congressional authority . It was part legal seminar , part history lesson , with politics sprinkled throughout . At least 17 members of Congress attended , along with several members of the Obama administration , including Attorney General Eric Holder . Administration officials , speaking on condition of not being identified , said they expect the high court to uphold the individual mandate despite the tough questioning Tuesday . Read a transcript from the courtroom They noted conservative judges who asked similarly challenging questions as the issue made its way to the Supreme Court ended up upholding the mandate , and that Roberts targeted both sides with his queries . Outside the court , dueling news conferences and protests Tuesday reflected the partisan nature of the health care debate . Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , who failed in her bid for the Republican presidential nomination to take on Obama in November , told tea party supporters near the Supreme Court building that the issue is freedom for individuals to decide their health care needs . "  If the federal government can tell you , when you are not doing anything , that you must do something , then the federal government can tell you anything , " Bachmann said , later adding a call for the Supreme Court to declare the mandate unconstitutional . Sen. Ron Johnson , a Wisconsin Republican , said he was "  optimistic " the court would strike down the mandate because he saw Justice Kennedy was "  highly skeptical . " "  Can the federal government force Americans , free Americans to buy a product ? " Johnson said . "  That 's really what this boils down to . This is a very basic issue of freedom . I would say four conservative justices , three of them spoke and they were highly critical of this claim . " Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican , called it the "  most important decision probably in two or three generations . " The Supreme Court and election-year blockbusters Earlier , a cancer patient said at a news conference held by supporters of the law that it saved her life . "  Because President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act , I get to keep my house , I wo n't go bankrupt , my kids are going to get to go to college , and I am going to live , " Spike Dolomite Ward said to cheers . The nine-member bench kept Tuesday 's two hours of arguments focused on the constitutional and policy implications . CNN Poll : Most want health law modified , not scrapped At issue : May the federal government , under the Constitution 's commerce clause , regulate economic "  inactivity " ? Three federal appeals courts have found the Affordable Care Act to be constitutional , while another has said it is not , labeling it "  breathtaking in its expansive scope . " That "  circuit split " all but assured that the Supreme Court would step in and decide the matter . A coalition of 26 states , led by Florida , argues individuals can not be forced to buy insurance , a "  product " they may neither want nor need . The Justice Department has countered that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives , individuals do not "  choose " to participate in the health care market . Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $ 43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services -- costs that are shifted first to insurance companies and then passed on to consumers . In court , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. struggled to articulate the government 's position that the mandate regulates commerce that already exists because everyone -- whether or not they currently have health insurance -- participates in the health care market . Justice Antonin Scalia jumped in , asking Verrilli : "  Why do you define the  health care  market that broadly ? " "  It may well be that everybody needs health care sooner or later , but not everybody needs a heart transplant , not everybody needs a liver transplant , " Scalia continued . "  Could you define the market so that everybody has to buy food sooner or later , so you define the market as food , therefore , everybody is in the market ; therefore , you can make people buy broccoli ? " Roberts said the law covers pediatric care and drug treatment , but not all Americans would need them and would indirectly subsidize them . But Justice Sonia Sotomayor said the federal government 's economic oversight is broad , "  true of almost every product , directly or indirectly by government regulation . " "  There is government compulsion in almost every economic decision because the government regulates so much , " Sotomayor added , calling it "  a condition of life that some may rail against , " but the reality nonetheless . Ginsburg , meanwhile , made the correlation between health care reform and Social Security , passed in the 1930s to give a financial boost to older citizens , that is subsidized by young and old . "  If Congress could see this as a problem when we need to have a group that will subsidize the ones who are going to get the benefits , it seems to me you are saying the only way that could be done is if the government does it itself ; it ca n't involve the private market , it ca n't involve the private insurers , " Ginsburg said . A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday indicated that the health care law is growing in popularity , especially among independent voters , but half of those questioned still oppose it . However , while most opponents of the measure believe it goes too far , some who disapprove think it 's not liberal enough . The poll found an almost even split on the individual mandate , with 47 % in favor and 51 % opposed , a gap within the survey 's margin of error . According to the survey , a gender gap exists on the issue , with 58 % of men opposing the mandate while 53 % of women support it . In addition , a stark partisan divide exists on the issue , with 71 % of Democrats favoring the mandate while 78 % of Republicans oppose it . Among independents , 56 % oppose the provision . CNN Money : What if the new health law is killed ? The opposing sides do not even agree on what the mandate -- known as the "  buy in " or "  minimum coverage " provision -- was designed to accomplish . Supporters see it as a way to spread health care costs among a larger pool of individuals , ensuring affordable , quality medical care . They say regulating commerce and the economy has long been a federal prerogative . Opponents see fundamental constitutional violations , such as an intrusion into a citizen 's personal life and an intrusion in long-held state power . Most individuals would be covered under the mandate , except for those whose religious beliefs would conflict , as well as illegal aliens and inmates . It would fall on insurance companies to inform the government of those covered under their health policies . 10 things you might not know about health care law It is the individual mandate that has sparked the most controversy . It requires nearly every American to purchase some level of insurance or face a tax penalty of up to about $ 700 a year . On Monday , the justices quickly bored of the dense legal argument presented on whether the individual mandate was a "  tax , " which would put off consideration of the larger constitutional questions for another few years . Few on the bench seemed eager to embrace that go-slow approach , and some justices began asking questions about Tuesday 's argument on the individual mandate . Two families , two viewpoints on health reform That shows where the court 's real focus lies , knowing its ruling on the mandate key question will have enormous legal , social and political implications . Tuesday 's case was Department of Health and Human Services v. Florida  11-398  . Oral arguments conclude Wednesday with two hearings on whether the entire law should collapse if the individual mandate is found unconstitutional , and whether the separate expansion of Medicaid is unduly burdening the states . Rulings on all four issues taken up by the court are expected by late June .	Administration officials say they expect the mandate to be upheld CNN 's legal analyst says the individual mandate appears to be in "  grave danger " Kennedy : It could "  change the relationship between the government and the individual " Supporters of the health law say the federal government had to get involved
Madrid  CNN  -- When Marco Torremocha was laid off last year as a health and safety technician on construction sites -- another victim of Spain 's deep economic crisis -- he wanted to put his severance pay into a sound investment . An American friend entrepreneur living in Madrid , Phillip Stark , had a little idea : Earplugs . Now , the pair who met while playing in very loud rock bands -- Marco on guitar and Phil on bass -- have a business that seems almost unheard of in Spain . They sell earplugs at rock concerts , nightclubs , even rehearsal studios . "  Many people who are unemployed in Spain , " says Torremocha , referring to the six million without jobs , "  do n't have anything to invest . " But he did , thanks to severance pay after 11 years on construction sites , following the bust of the real estate boom -- a big part of Spain 's financial crisis . "  You work for a private company and now you think broader , " he said , explaining that he risked 2,000 euros -LSB- $ 2,600 -RSB- -- a small portion of his severance pay -- as seed money for the earplug business . Stark did n't have any startup cash . But he seems to have marketing in his DNA -- his family has a clothing store business in his native Ohio -- and he 'd previously tried other ventures in Madrid , including a tourism magazine , that flopped . COMPLETE COVERAGE : Marketplace Europe But this time , Stark says , "  failure is not an option . I get frustrated with people who say ` ca n't . ' I hate hearing people be negative . " Both men complain they 've been exposed to loud music without hearing protection and sometimes have low-level ringing in their ears long after the concerts are done . Their earplugs are called Stark Plugs . They went on sale late last year at a few locales in Madrid , gradually adding more sites . But this weekend they 're reporting a huge leap forward , with hundreds of sales daily at the big Primavera Sound music festival in Barcelona . The earplugs are dispensed from vending machines . For two euros -LSB- $ 2.60 -RSB- , you get two yellow earplugs , made from a soft , foam-like thermoplastic polymer called Goma EVA . They come in a tiny clear plastic case that fits easily in your pocket . They brought five vending machines to the festival , and Stark wrote in an email on Friday : "  Next year we should definitely take fifty machines and put them everywhere . " READ , WATCH : Croatia president on the country 's future in oil Some of the buyers in Barcelona , Stark added , are concert photographers who must stay long hours exposed to the loud music . In Madrid , Wurlitzer Ballroom , a small nightclub just off Madrid 's Gran Via street , was one of the first places to sell Stark Plugs . Manager Alvaro Villacis said the earplug machine is a novelty -- for his club and many others in Spain . Most of his 15-member staff already use them for protection , including himself . "  I do n't want to go deaf , " Villacis said . On a night that I visited in May , a band called Trono de Sangre  Blood Throne  was playing at top decibel . I quickly inserted a pair of Stark Plugs , which instantly damped dow the sound to a more palatable level , although even at lower volume , I would n't count myself as a fan of Blood Throne 's shock and screaming style . Amalio Varela , a radio sound technician , was right up front during the Wurlitzer show with his girlfriend , and told me during a break , outside , that he 's used Stark Plugs and likes the idea . "  If you forget your own , you can buy them for two euros , " right in the club , he said . READ MORE : How a very British oven maker wants to reinvent itself Exactly how much protection the earplugs offer is open to debate , says Peter Cobo , a researcher at an acoustics center of the Spanish government 's Higher Council for Scientific Research ,  CSIC  , who has not seen Stark Plugs . Cobo says Spain has a law on general ambient noise that lists 65 decibels as the level where it becomes potentially annoying , and also separate legislation requiring corrective action when workplace noise , such as at a factory , exceeds 80 decibels . Cobo says a rock concert can easily exceed 100 decibels and that earplugs , depending on their quality and how well they are placed in the ear , probably could reduce the sound by 20 decibels or more . Torremocha and Stark aim to expand quickly . They 've put advertising on their vending machines and even on the tiny earplug plastic case , along with marketing schemes using mobile phone codes to direct consumers to web sites to view more products . READ MORE : Luxury brand favors quality over speed And they 've already added so-called "  high-end " earplugs to their lineup , from an American company called Ear Peace , which is trying to break into the European market , with Torremocha and Stark as new sales representatives . Ear Peace plugs sell for about 15 euros -LSB- $ 19.65 -RSB- at concerts in Spain . You get three earplugs made of soft , hypoallergenic silicone , with tiny filters to temper the sound , and a small cylindrical aluminum carrying case that fits on a key ring . Stark said the Ear Peace plugs were also selling well at Primavera Sound in Barcelona from merchandising stands , but not as briskly as the less-expensive Stark Plugs . Coins dropping into their vending machines is a sound Stark and Torremocha would like to get used to .	Marco Torremocha and Phillip Stark are running an unusual business in Spain Amid a deep economic crisis , they are selling ear plugs The two rockers found their ears were ringing after concerts They are now selling the plugs at a huge music concert and say it 's proving big business
CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban vowed to assassinate former President Pervez Musharraf if he returns to the country as planned Sunday , a spokesman for the terrorist group said in a video message online . Tehrik-i-Taliban will send out a "  death squad " to kill him , Ehsanullah Ehsan said Saturday . One of the squad members addressed Musharraf in English , demanding the former president surrender himself . After resigning in 2008 , Musharraf spent five years in self-imposed exile in London and Dubai . Ex-President Musharraf announces return to Pakistan He plans to fly on a commercial airline into Karachi on Sunday , then attend a rally that will include Pakistani expatriates from the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates , he has said in a statement . He plans to lead his political party into Pakistan 's general elections slated for May . In 1999 , the then-chief of Pakistan 's army became its president in a bloodless military coup . He remained in power until resigning in 2008 -- a period that included the U.S.-led invasion of neighboring Afghanistan . A few months before he left office , Benazir Bhutto -- Pakistan 's first elected female prime minister -- was killed in a gun-suicide bomb attack as she was wrapping up a campaign rally in Rawalpindi . The attack , two months after she survived an assassination attempt in Karachi , fueled criticism that Musharraf had not done enough to protect Bhutto 's life despite numerous threats . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with Bhutto 's killing . Benazir Bhutto 's son steps into Pakistan 's political spotlight He 's been targeted by Pakistan authorities , who in August 2012 confiscated his property and froze his bank account . A politician and a prosecutor have called for Musharraf 's arrest as soon as he sets foot in Pakistan , according to media reports .	Authorities also threaten to arrest Musharraf if he returns The former president has been in self-imposed exile for five years The former general became president in a bloodless military coup in 1999 Benazir Bhutto was assassinated on his watch , and some blame him for not protecting her
Washington  CNN  -- Democratic congressional leaders unveiled a long-awaited $ 940 billion compromise health care plan Thursday , setting the stage for a final legislative showdown on President Obama 's domestic priority . White House press secretary Robert Gibbs announced that Obama had decided to delay an upcoming trip to Australia and Indonesia to help push the bill over the finish line . The president had been set to depart Washington on Sunday , the same day that the House of Representatives is likely to vote on the measure . Watch Gibbs defend health plan maneuver "  I 'm sure he wants to be here for the history , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California . If enacted , the measure would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . It would extend insurance coverage to an additional 32 million Americans , according to a preliminary analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Among other things , the plan would expand Medicare prescription drug coverage , increase federal subsidies to help people buy insurance , and ban denials of coverage for pre-existing conditions . It seeks to bridge the gap between previous House and Senate bills partly by watering down and delaying the implementation of a tax on high-end insurance plans . As with earlier House and Senate plans , it includes significant reductions in Medicare spending , in part through changes in payments made under the Medicare Advantage program . It also eliminates a deeply unpopular provision in the Senate bill that exempts Nebraska from paying increased Medicaid expenses . The compromise plan would cut the nation 's deficit by $ 138 billion over the next 10 years , according to the Congressional Budget Office . It would further reduce the deficit by more than $ 1 trillion in the following decade . The full House is now tentatively set to consider two measures Sunday : the $ 875 billion plan passed by the Senate in December and the compromise , which would bring the total to $ 940 billion . The compromise plan can not become law if the Senate bill is not also enacted . If the Senate bill passes , it would go to Obama to be signed into law . If the revisions unveiled Thursday are also approved , they would still have to clear the Senate . House members unhappy with the less expansive Senate bill have received assurances from top Senate Democrats that they will pass the $ 940 billion compromise . House Democrats pushed hard to ensure the compromise included an expansion of subsidies to low - and middle-income families , as well as a reduction in the tax on high-end "  Cadillac " plans . Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , told reporters Thursday that the budget office 's cost estimate "  will go a long way to get -LSB- fiscally conservative Democrats -RSB- to feel comfortable with the legislation . " The Senate bill , if allowed to stand unchanged , would reduce federal deficits by $ 20 billion less than the compromise plan over the next 10 years . GOP leaders said the new budget office estimate of the revised plan had not changed their opinion of the overall measure , which they vehemently oppose . "  It 's not too late for the American people to continue to speak up , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Thursday . "  They need to yell a little louder , and we can stop this . " Republicans insist the Democratic proposal will do little to slow spiraling medical costs . They also say it would lead to higher premiums and taxes for middle-class families while resulting in deep Medicare cuts . Pelosi has nevertheless expressed confidence in recent weeks that she will have enough support to pass both the Senate plan and the compromise bill when they come to the House floor . The speaker needs 216 votes from her 253-member caucus to pass the measures . No Republicans are expected to back either one . Watch Pelosi express her confidence in the plan Twenty-seven House Democrats indicated to CNN on Wednesday they will join Republicans in opposing the Senate plan . That leaves opponents of reform 11 votes shy of defeating the measure . Pelosi has tried to sweeten the deal for House liberals by adding a large student loan reform measure to the compromise plan . The measure , which is a priority for Obama , would end the practice of having private banks offer student loans while expanding direct lending from the government . The speaker may also try to help House Democrats unhappy with the Senate bill by allowing them to avoid a direct vote on the measure . She is considering pushing for a vote on a rule that would simply "  deem " the Senate bill to be passed . The House then would proceed to a separate vote on the changes incorporated in the $ 940 billion version of the plan . Read about the highlights of the compromise plan Republicans failed Thursday to force a vote on a resolution requiring the Senate health care bill to be brought to an up-or-down vote . GOP leaders are also fuming over Democrats ' decision to use a legislative maneuver called reconciliation , which will allow the $ 940 billion plan -- if passed by the House -- to clear the Senate with a simple majority of 51 votes . Senate Democrats lost their filibuster-proof 60-seat supermajority in January with the election of GOP Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts . Republicans say that reconciliation , which is limited to provisions pertaining to the budget , was never meant to facilitate passage of a sweeping reform measure such as the health care bill . Democrats say that reconciliation was used to pass several major bills in recent years , including President George W. Bush 's 2001 and 2003 tax cuts . Public opinion polls indicate that Americans remain sharply divided over the Democrats ' health care reform agenda , though individual elements of it remain widely popular . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Lisa Desjardins , Brianna Keilar and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP effort to require up-or-down vote on Senate health care bill fails NEW : President delays trip to Australia , Indonesia to help push bill over finish line NEW : Bill cuts Senate bill provision that exempts Nebraska from paying Medicaid expenses Bill cuts deficit by $ 138 billion over 10 years ; additional $ 1 trillion in cuts expected after that
CNN  -- The owner of the South African mine where 34 people died in a clash with police said Tuesday that it will not discipline workers who fail to return this week , reversing an ultimatum to return to duty or face being fired . The announcement came a day after a government committee looking into humanitarian aspects of the tragedy told company leaders that such threats were not "  in the national interest . " Meanwhile , South Africa 's minister of police told a special session of Parliament on Tuesday that authorities had done everything in their power to avoid last week 's fatal clash with miners . "  The events of Thursday , 16 August 2012 , were not sudden eruption but a culmination of events that were building over months and months , " Minister of Police Nathi Mthethwa said , according to a transcript issued by the government . "  The South African Police Service is saddened by the events that unfolded on that fateful day . The police did all in their power to avert such a situation . " Thursday 's violence stemmed from what government officials have referred to as a wildcat strike involving 3,000 rock drillers at Lonmin PLC 's platinum mine in Marikana . The miners , who earn $ 300 to $ 500 a month , want their salaries raised to $ 1,500 a month . Lonmin , the world 's third-largest producer of platinum , rejected the increase and called the strike illegal . The violence at the mine is thought to have been sparked by a rivalry between two unions that wield significant power and influence in South Africa . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . Thursday 's shootings came after negotiations between strikers and the company broke down and police decided to fence in machete-armed protesters with barbed wire , according to police Commissioner Riah Phiyega . The protesters moved toward police and were driven back with tear gas and rubber bullets , Phiyega said . Officers resorted to live ammunition when protesters attacked , Phiyega said . Police gunfire killed 34 people and wounded 78 . Police also arrested 259 people on charges including malicious damage to property , armed robbery , illegal gathering and possession of weapons . The violence followed a week of rising tensions . At least 10 people had died in the days preceding the shootings , including two police officers who were hacked to death . The mine has reopened , and about a third of the 28,000 workers had reported for duty by Tuesday , according to Lonmin . While most of the company 's work force and contractors are not on strike , many have been unable to return to work because of violence at the site , Lonmin said . On Sunday , Lonmin issued a statement warning workers to return to work by Monday or face the possibility of losing their jobs . While Tuesday 's announcement dropped the threat , the company said it was encouraging the nearly 19,000 workers who have yet to return to their jobs to do so . "  The interests of employees , the wider economy and the company are best served by a return to work , " the company said . "  We are working alongside the unions as they also want their members to report for work , " the company said . The situation Tuesday was calm , government and mine officials said . Police officials had described the mood Monday as "  stable but tense . " "  Given the traumatic events of the last 10 days this is a delicate process and it will take time for people to come to terms with what has happened , " Lonmin said in its statement . "  Nothing is being done to risk the continued calm on the ground . Safety and public order are the priorities of everyone involved in this process . " A heavy police presence remains at the mine , the company said . During Tuesday 's special parliamentary session , Minister of Mineral Resources Susan Shabangu told lawmakers the tragedy has thrown the country into turmoil similar to its struggles against apartheid decades ago . "  The tragic events at Lonmin 's Marikana mine that reverberated in every corner of our country shame us all . They drive us on to make amends , to review in utmost depth the happenings in our sector , to check any further outbreaks -- indeed , to ensure that these things never , ever happen again , " she said . "  The events should refocus the collective might of our nation on answers not recriminations , on rationality not rhetoric . We should refuse to be cowed into a state of mind where we accept the notion -- popular in certain circles abroad -- that we are nothing but a country at war with itself , " Shabangu said . A memorial service has been scheduled for Thursday at the spot where miners and police clashed , the state-run South African Government News Agency reported Tuesday . "  We felt the memorial service should be held there as part of cleansing the place , " the agency quoted Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Minister Richard Baloyi as saying . "  The tragedy that happened is not easy for the people of Marikana and the country as a whole . "	Owner of South African mine says it wo n't fire workers who fail to show up Lonmin had threated to discipline workers if they did n't report for duty 34 miners were shot last week , but the situation is now calm , company says A memorial service is scheduled for Thursday
Wilmington , Vermont  CNN  -- Residents of Hatteras Island , N.C. , can begin going home Sunday morning , more than a week after most of them evacuated ahead of Hurricane Irene . The staged re-entry through Tuesday will include the villages of Buxton , Hatteras and Frisco , Dare County Energency Management announced Thursday . "  Conditions , utility service and other supporting infrastructure in those villages is the most conducive for re-entry at this time , " the county said in a statement . "  As conditions improve in the remaining villages , re-entry will be established and announced as soon as possible . " Visitors will not be able to go to Hatteras Island . Instead , they can stay north of Oregon Inlet , the county said . About 2,500 residents of the island who did not take part in a mandatory evacuation have been receiving vital supplies and services . The storm washed out a critical stretch of Highway 12 , a road that runs parallel to the Atlantic Ocean and connects Hatteras Island to the other barrier islands on North Carolina 's Outer Banks . Causeways from those barrier islands connect them to North Carolina 's mainland . Meanwhile , President Barack Obama declared a disaster in Vermont , making federal grants and aid available to those who suffered losses from Tropical Storm Irene . The money can be used by individuals in Chittenden , Rutland , Washington and Windsor counties for temporary housing and home repairs , according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Low-cost loans are available to cover uninsured or under-insured property losses . Counties eligible for federal funding to do emergency repairs and work are Addison , Bennington , Caledonia , Chittenden , Essex , Franklin , Lamoille , Orange , Orleans , Rutland , Washington , Windham and Windsor . The president issued disaster declarations earlier this week in North Carolina , New Jersey and New York . Irene killed 43 people from Florida to New England as it marched up the Eastern Seaboard over the weekend , dumping torrential rain . Some of the worst flooding struck Vermont , New Jersey and upstate New York . Ten-foot-high floodwater poured through Eileen Ranslow 's 40-year-old flooring business in Wilmington when Irene struck Vermont over the weekend . The family business , where revenue has dwindled in the economic downturn , now faces at least $ 300,000 in damage . "  It 's devastating . It 's devastating , " Ranslow said , her voice cracking . She is not alone , as the effects of Irene continue to be felt in flood-ravaged communities along the U.S. East Coast . Flood advisories remained in place Thursday for portions of New York , Connecticut , New Jersey , Virginia and South Carolina . In the days since Irene , the extent of the damage has become more evident in upstate New York , where the storm battered a cluster of communities 50 miles southwest of Albany . "  There is a lot of damage left to clean up . I know the town of Prattsville has been almost completely condemned , " said Jacob Hubbell of neighboring Margaretville . "  Fleischmanns is n't doing too well either , and Main Street  in  Margaretville has been closed . " "  It 's safe to say that we probably wo n't be back to normal in the Catskills for at least a month . " In northern New Jersey , the Passaic River has begun to settle back into its banks , the National Weather Service said . Most locations are expected to drop below flood stage during the weekend as the high water works its way downstream . The development will be welcome news in the towns of Wayne , Totowa , Little Falls , Paterson and Woodland Park , where about 1,700 residents were evacuated from their homes this week . Obama will travel to Paterson on Sunday to view the damage , the White House announced . The full extent of Irene 's destruction wo n't be known for some time . The federal government estimates that the cost from wind damage alone will exceed $ 1 billion . Analysts have put the total expected cost of Irene much higher . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Thursday the storm also took a toll on agricultural production . "  I had an opportunity to take a look at fields in North Carolina , " he said . "  I have never seen anything like it . The corn was just totally destroyed . Tobacco hit hard , cotton hit hard . " It remains to be seen how some other crops , such as soybeans and tomatoes , fared , he said , but "  it 's very clear that farmers in North Carolina , Virginia , along the East Coast have suffered pretty significant losses . " But , he said , it 's unlikely that higher prices will result , as "  we have such a diverse agriculture in the United States and we have so many acres planted and so many different crops . I do n't think this is going to affect much of anything . " The federal government 's tab for the storm could exhaust the $ 800 million left in the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's disaster relief fund before the fiscal year ends on September 30 . With conservative House Republicans , led by Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , calling for spending cuts to offset any increase in emergency funds -- a measure opposed by many Democrats -- the ability of Congress to act quickly on the issue remains uncertain . Mayor Jeffery Jones of Paterson said he was "  outraged " about the funding dispute . "  Mother Nature has a mind of her own , a will of her own , and we ca n't have the petty wrangling going on when we have folks in dire need , " he said . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie echoed those sentiments during a news conference Wednesday , saying , "  We do n't have time to wait for folks in Congress to figure out how they want to offset this stuff with the budget cuts . Our people are suffering now . And they need support now . " More than 1.1 million customers remained without electricity Thursday from North Carolina to Maine , the U.S. Department of Energy said -- a decrease from the 1.7 million reported Wednesday . Vermont transportation officials made emergency repairs on roads to previously isolated towns , officials said . Replacing washed-out bridges will take more time . In Wilmington , volunteers from across the state descended on the community to help with the cleanup . "  I could n't sit at home . I had to come help , " said Sarah Boisbert , as she worked outside Ranslow 's gutted flooring shop . Ranslow was touched by the gesture of so many helping hands . "  They 're just people , " she said , pausing . "  They 're neighbors and in Vermont we 're all neighbors . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Phil Gast , Amber Lyon , Nicole Saidi and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Hatteras Island , North Carolina , residents start going home Sunday President declares disaster in Vermont Agriculture is impacted , but higher prices are unlikely , official says Floodwaters wipe out businesses in Vermont
CNN  -- I 've never understood how someone can eat just one Oreo . In my mind , those scrumptious cookies are supposed to be eaten in groups of six or eight or more , and it would be a culinary sin not to wash them down with a large glass of milk . My name is Ron Cothran , and I am a food addict . I used to fill up on stuff , not really knowing what I was eating but just going through the motions until I got my "  fix . " Most of the time I was left with guilt , gas and a growing stomach to accompany my gluttony . People would tell me simply "  do n't eat that " or "  just do n't buy it " or "  leave it alone . " Once in a while , it would work . But most of the time , there was an almost uncontrollable urge to indulge -- I just had to have whatever it was that I thought my taste buds were craving . My name is Ron Cothran , and I am a food addict . Is it possible for a person to be addicted to something that they need to sustain life ? Modern science tells us that the nicotine in cigarettes can be as addictive as heroin . We know that alcoholics are always susceptible to their drink of choice . But what about food ? There 's compelling research to suggest certain foods affect the brain 's pleasure centers the same way addictive substances do , but experts disagree on whether the cravings rise to the level of addiction . Diabetes took my teeth but not my life After my gastric bypass surgery , I had to eat only soft foods for two weeks . During that time , a national chain was advertising its chicken-fried steak sandwich . That was the last thing I needed after what I had just put my body through . But the urge was so strong that I ended up going to the restaurant , ordering the sandwich , and bite by bite , chewing each morsel , then spitting it out back into the bag . How stupid was that ? I could have endangered myself if I had swallowed , but I felt I had to satisfy the craving . My name is Ron Cothran , and I am a food addict . I know now that my addiction to food was a symptom of a much deeper problem . I ca n't tell you when it started , but food had become my confidant . It would n't openly condemn me ; it would n't make fun of me . It made me feel good  while I was eating it  , and it was always there when I wanted attention . It was my little secret -- my reward for working so hard for everybody else . Fit Nation : Too young not to run I did n't realize this about myself until I had gone through my surgery and was forced to find a new way to deal with difficult circumstances . I no longer could eat to feel better ; I needed to find a healthier way to deal with life . I chose to make a healthy lifestyle my goal , and notable successes I found along the way became the warm fuzzies I needed to validate that I was a worthy individual . I believe that my food addiction is real . I have been "  sober " now for six years and two months , and I feel great . Here 's the good news : As long as you have breath , you have the ability to change . It is not a battle of the tongue , but a battle of the mind . Yes , I used weight loss surgery to start the process , but it is only a tool , not a cure . I had to hit rock bottom before I realized that I have the ability to decide each day how my life is going to go . Once I made the decision to live the second half of my life better than the first , a new journey began . It has been rough at times . I still get a craving now and then , but the difference is in how I respond . I have let things into my life that have so much more value than the satisfaction of a chicken-fried steak sandwich . Nothing tastes as good as the feeling of good health . More from Ron : That dying patient could have been me	Experts disagree on whether food cravings rise to the level of addiction Ron Cothran says his food addiction left him with guilt , gas and growing stomach Cothran had gastric bypass surgery and is now training for a triathlon
CNN  -- Today , Thursday December 18 , we 're hosting a Twitter live chat @CNNTech debating the future of Bitcoin with a panel of experts . Join us at 5pm GMT/12pm ET by tuning into the hashtag #bitcoinfuture . We look forward to seeing you there ! Here 's a look at our panel : Jeffrey Robinson Jeffrey is the author of "  Bitcon : The Naked Truth about Bitcoin , " and has been described as the world 's ` leading financial crime author ' by the British Bankers ' Association . In addition to books on dirty money , he has written a number of investigative non-fiction books , major biographies and half a dozen novels . Daniel Mark Harrison As editor of CoinSpeaker , Daniel reports on the latest developments in the world of cryptocurrencies . He is a regular public speaker , and writes regularly on the issues and innovations affecting companies and markets around the world . Adam Levitin Harvard Georgetown Law Center 's Professor Levitin specializes in bankruptcy , commercial law , and financial regulation . His research focuses on consumer and housing finance , payments , and debt restructuring , and he currently serves on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 's Consumer Advisory Board . Dug Campbell Founder of the inaugural Scottish Bitcoin Conference Dug Campbell gave a TEDx talk in early 2014 entitled "  Bitcoin : More Than Just Money . " He also runs the Scottish Bitcoin Meetup . Tony Watts Tony works as a lawyer , specializing in financial services and banking . He has held senior legal positions at a range of major companies including Barclays Wealth , where he was Co-head of Legal . Ben Doernberg Ben is a researcher on internet and society at Harvard , and a Bitcoin expert .	Is Bitcoin over ? We 're discussing the future of money with a panel of experts
CNN  -- Clairvoyance and a poker face are among the qualities British hotelkeepers should cultivate when dealing with foreign guests , according to a guide issued by the country 's tourism body . "  Anticipate all of the needs of a Japanese visitor " but avoid "  exchanging a smile or making eye contact with anyone from France you do n't know " are among a list of peculiar dos and do n'ts prepared for the tourist industry by VisitBritain . The guide comes after a similar initiative by the Parisian tourist board last year , which said Brazilians were fond of physical contact and taxis and the Spanish enjoy free things and late dinners , among other things . Basil Fawlty , the hotelkeeper star of the hit British sitcom who constantly referred to World War II among his German guests , appears to have cast a long shadow if the alternately bizarre and blindingly obvious etiquette guide is any indication . "  Do n't describe a visitor from Canada as ` American , ' " or "  ask superstitious people from Hong Kong to sleep in a historic property , " the list , which has been derided in the British press , instructs . "  Indians are amiable but have a tendency to change their minds , " the advice , clearly unafraid of overgeneralization , goes on . Travel dos and do n'ts Russians : do n't cram Avoid housing Russians -- ' a "  tall nation " ' -- in cramped rooms , it says , possibly having missed that Vladimir Putin , surely among the most globe-trotting of his countrymen , measures in at an un-towering 170 centimeters  5 ' 6 "  . And as for Germans , "  deal promptly with any complaint " from them , lest they become even more "  rude and aggressive " than they can already appear . Finally , the guide 's clearly well-traveled authors advise , do n't mention Belgium or , strictly , "  Do n't try to talk to Belgians about their country 's politics or language divisions " -- which must amount to almost the same thing . The following is the full list of do 's and do n'ts that VisitBritain defended to the Daily Mail , as "  unrivalled ... market intelligence . " Dos and do n'ts Do : Understand that Indians are amiable but have a tendency to change their minds quite frequently . Do : Ensure tourists from Russia -- a "  tall nation " -- are housed in rooms with high ceilings and doorways . Do : Realize that Australian people are being endearing when they make jokes about "  Poms " -LSB- Aussie slang for British people -RSB- . Do : Anticipate all of the needs of a Japanese visitor -- even if they have n't told you what they are . Do : Deal promptly with any complaint from German or Austrian tourists , who can be "  straightforward and demanding " to the point of "  seeming rude and aggressive . " Do n't : Ask superstitious people from Hong Kong to sleep in a historic property or a four-poster bed , because they associate them with ghostly encounters . Do n't : Exchange a smile or make eye contact with anyone from France who you do not know . Do n't : Describe a visitor from Canada as "  American . " Do n't : Try to talk to Belgians about their country 's politics or language divisions . Do n't : Say "  no " in a direct way to a Japanese tourist -- instead think of a "  nicer alternative . " China 's first tourism law comes into effect , tourists issued manners guides	Tourism body issues bizarre do 's and do n'ts list for dealing with foreign hotel guests Do give Russians a room with high ceilings -- they are tall , it says And anticipate everything a Japanese visitor needs But never call a Canadian tourist "  American "
Stop me if you 've heard this one before . A TV series based on a comic book series premieres Friday . There have been a lot of them lately , from "  Gotham " to "  The Flash "  and of course the ratings juggernaut "  The Walking Dead "  . They 've done quite well this season : Both "  Gotham " and "  Flash " received full-season pickups . NBC 's new offering , "  Constantine , " is a riskier proposition . It 's based on the story of cult character John Constantine , the chain-smoking exorcist antihero from the "  Hellblazer " comic books . Keanu Reeves played him in a 2005 film version , which got a lukewarm reception . Even so , the show seems well-suited to NBC 's Friday night horror lineup , following the sleeper hit "  Grimm . " CNN visited the Atlanta set of "  Constantine " and spoke with Constantine himself , Matt Ryan , as well as his co-star Charlie Halford  who plays one of John 's sidekicks , Chas  , and later spoke to executive producer Daniel Cerone . The set itself included a cobweb-filled library that serves as John 's base of operations . Watching a contortionist portray a demon-possessed woman seemed to be just another day at the office here . In between scenes , we asked their thoughts on whether the show had what it takes to be another comics-based hit . CNN : Do you think the hardcore fans will enjoy this series ? Matt Ryan : I think the fans will get a lot out of this series . I hope they will . The source material is so amazing . We 're really trying to stay true to that . We 're transposing it to this medium of television . We 're staying true to this character in the comics . The fans will hopefully come with us , and new fans will like the show as will . Daniel Cerone : The fans are very important to us . I 'm fortunate enough to have as my partner David Goyer , who has brought comic books to life in films . We are fans of the property ; it 's a property that David loves and wanted to bring to screen . For us , it 's a dream come true . It would never occur to us to be anything less than loyal to the fans . CNN : Do you understand why fans would be nervous ? Charlie Halford : I totally understand that . I like to think that we 're stepping up to the plate , at least with this show . The greatest compliment we can hope to receive is the blessing of die-hard "  Hellblazer " fans . Everyone involved with the show have become relatively big fans of the comic book . You keep wanting to read one story then the next and the next . I asked the writers , what 's the "  bible " for this show ? They said , "  It 's the ` Hellblazer ' comic . " I took great confidence in that . Ryan : A very good friend of mine has his own comic book company , and for years , he 's been telling me about John Constantine being his favorite comic book character and "  Hellblazer " his favorite book . Ever since I got the part , he keeps sending me emails : "  Why do n't you do this storyline or that storyline ? " It 's like I 've got my own personalized fan who 's feeding me all the great things about the character . I did n't know that much about it until I delved about the comics , and the more I 'm reading , the more I 'm loving . CNN : Compared with "  The Walking Dead , " for example , how much of the show is directly from the comic ? Halford : You 've got 350 issues of a comic book that ran for almost 30 years . If we ever needed a storyline , they just go right back to the comic books . With some of these episodes we 've been shooting recently , it 's as though these characters walked right off the page . Hopefully , that resonates with the fans . Cerone : Our perceived story arc is based on his first appearance in "  Swamp Thing . " They were facing this menace called the "  rising darkness , " a force trying to create this climate of fear across the world , to enable a large evil to be born into the world . That arc from "  Swamp Thing " is exactly what we 're bringing to "  Constantine . " Week to week , we have to find our own stories . Sometimes they 're from the comics , sometimes not . Ryan : To be honest , I 've tried to absorb the comics and let that influence me . You have to stay true to the essence of it , but you have to give it your take as well . The most important thing for me was , what is John about ? It 's just trying to find that and how I connect to that . There 's bits of me in there as well and fleshing it out as well . Cerone : It 's a little bit easier for us , since we 're not a show about superheroes , and John Constantine does n't have superpowers . In a way , we 're more of a horror show than a comic-book show . For us , as a horror show , it might be easier than other straight comic-book adaptations . For us , the draw of the show was the character himself . John Constantine is a character we have n't seen on television . He is n't afraid to thumb his nose at any form of evil . He 's just a really fun , inventive character . His costume is a trench coat and a skinny tie . He fits our reality . CNN : "  Hellblazer " was definitely a book for mature audiences . What can you get away with at 10 p.m. on a Friday on network TV ? Cerone : We 're always trying to find that balance . To NBC 's credit , more often than not , we 'll turn in a script or a cut of an episode , and NBC will say , "  Take it further ; make it more extreme . " They 'll push us to make it darker . They understand the way people watch television , at least for this kind of show . David Goyer and myself are censoring ourselves with what you can and ca n't do on television , and it 's NBC that 's telling us to take it further .	"  Constantine , " based on the cult favorite comic book series "  Hellblazer , " debuts today It 's the latest of several new comics-based TV series Cast and crew say the greatest compliment would be fan approval
InStyle.com  -- From barefoot tomboy to fashion supernova , fearless pop renegade Rihanna lives to bust all the rules . "  I love the heavy chain over this pretty dress -- it 's exactly the way I would do it , " says Rihanna . What are some rules you 'd like to crush ? The idea of not wearing brown and black together seems so dated . The other day I wore a black T-shirt , black Nobody jeans , a brown leopard-print belt by Dolce & Gabbana , and brown Giuseppe Zanotti shoes , and it looked awesome . Also the rule about not matching your makeup to your outfit . I do that onstage , matching red lipstick to a bright red jacket or neon-pink eye shadow to a pink jumpsuit . And I also love to mix prints . We 've had the Meg , the Jennifer , and now people ask for the Rihanna at salons . Will you be switching it up again ? The first time I heard people were asking for the Rihanna , it was really flattering and maybe a little strange . It caught me by surprise , but now I feel it 's a very cool thing . I do n't feel the pressure to change it up again at all . I like it , as they like it . Can you talk about your style obsessions and how your look has evolved over the years ? It has evolved without my even noticing it . Lately I 'm obsessed with Thierry Mugler ... Grace Jones inspires me . She is the most iconic woman ever , in my eyes . She has extraordinary style and she 's fearless . I love designer Martin Margiela ; Kanye West told me about him . I also like Dsquared , Chlo , Zac Posen ... But you were n't always a fashion maven ? Growing up in Barbados , you were a tomboy . I wore my brother 's clothes , dresses with sneakers , or no shoes at all . I would always get into trouble with my mom . She would say things to scare me like , "  You 're going to get cut ! " But I could n't help it . I would climb trees , steal mangoes , catch birds -- silly things that were fun to us at the time . My cousin and I were the only girls in the group . We would have to stand up for ourselves because the guys did n't want us around . You stood out in Barbados because of your light complexion . Do you remember having trouble fitting in at school ? Definitely . It made me angry ... For the first six years of school , I would go home traumatized . The harassment continued to my very last day of elementary school . High school was better . I read that your mom owns a boutique and your dad works at a garment factory -- it seems you have the Rihanna fashion line already partly sewn up . -LSB- Giggles -RSB- Well I am working on that right now . It takes a lot of effort , and I want to be involved with every step of the process . What do you do for kicks in L.A. ? I do n't go out much . I 'm moving into a new four-bedroom home in Los Feliz that I 'm excited about . Parts of it will be inspired by India . I love things like canopy beds , printed fabrics and Spanish touches . Then I can stay at home and cook West Indian dishes like callaloo -LSB- stewed greens -RSB- . But I do want a sports car -- as soon as I get my license . Who knew you were so domestic . Wait a minute . You 're such a rebel . In the video for "  Take a Bow , " you drive a car . I have my Barbadian license , just not my American one . How will you celebrate your 21st birthday ? Do n't scare me ! I have till February . I feel like I have so much more to accomplish before I 'm 21 . No party plans yet . Many showbiz types say , "  Do n't ever read your own press , " but you do , even the online stuff . What 's the kookiest thing you 've read about yourself ? The Grammy thing -- that I brought Jay-Z on stage and Beyonc was upset , which is so ridiculous . Or the idea that I 've had breast implants -- I do n't even have much cleavage . It was just the dress ! So yes , I read about myself and about everybody else in the gossip pages . It 's comedy to me ; I laugh about it . The tattoo behind your ear is a Pisces symbol -- two fish swimming head to tail in a circle -- which represents life after death . If possible , what would you be reincarnated as ? If I had to come back in another form , it would be as my dog , DJ . He gets the best treatment , all the attention in the world , and he 's so adorable . Plus , he goes everywhere I can take him . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rihanna wants to crush the idea of not wearing brown and black together Her light complexion gave her trouble fitting in at school in Barbados Singer 's new four-bedroom home decor in Los Feliz to be inspired by India "  If I had to come back in another form , it would be as my dog , " Rihanna says
CNN  -- Frenchman Thomas Voeckler has taken the yellow jersey from Norway 's Thor Hushovd after a dramatic ninth stage of the Tour de France which was marred by a series of crashes which led to two of the race favorites pulling out . Voeckler , who led the race for 10 days in 2004 , finished second to Spain 's Luis-Leon Sanchez at the end of the hilly 208km run from Issoire to Saint-Flour , which saw the riders tackle seven climbs in the Massif Central region . Both Voeckler and Sanchez were members of a six-man breakaway group which formed at the 50km mark after a succession of attacks . Rui Costa holds on for Tour de France win However , as the peloton began closing the gap on the six leaders , a huge pile-up on a descent at 102km saw a number of riders hit the ground at speed . Among them were Astana team leader Alexander Vinokourov , a previous Tour of Spain winner , and Omega Pharma-Lotto leader Juergen Van Den Broeck , who finished fifth in last year 's Tour . The 37-year-old Vinokourov , who had already announced his decision to retire at the end of the season , suffered a broken leg after tumbling a few meters down a ravine , while Van Den Broeck sustained a fractured shoulder blade . Key Garmin domestique Dave Zabriskie was also forced to retire , to add to the list of riders that have crashed out of this year 's race , which include Bradley Wiggins , Tom Boonen and Janez Brajkovic . More drama was to follow when Team Sky 's Juan Antonio Flecha , one of the breakaway riders , was clipped by an accompanying French TV car , sending him and Johnny Hoogerland flying , with Dutchman Hoogerland spectacularly going head-over-heels onto some barbed wire that surrounded a field on the side of the road . Although both riders continued the race , eventually finishing well adrift of the peloton , their bloodied bodies indicated that they may not be on the start line for Tuesday 's 10th stage following Monday 's rest day . Voeckler , who began the day in 19th place , now holds the race lead after finishing five seconds behind Sanchez , but nearly four minutes ahead of the peloton . The Team Europcar rider lies 1:49 ahead of Rabobank rider Sanchez , who is 37 seconds clear of Cadel Evans in third place . "  When you only have two minutes on a rider like Cadel Evans in the overall , you have to be realistic , " Voeckler told the official Tour de France website . "  I 'm not a dreamer , I will just fight and give all that I can . I know it 's impossible for me to keep the lead for 10 days like in 2004 but one thing is sure -- tomorrow I can keep the jersey because it 's a rest day ! " he added , Hushovd 's brave hold on the yellow jersey ended when he trailed home in 82nd place , 6:47 behind Sanchez , and he now lies 24th in the overall standings . Defending champion Alberto Contador came home 12th , in the same group as the overall contenders , and continues to creep up the standings to 16th position overall . However , the three-time winner was another to crash on Sunday and told reporters he was suffering from some pain in his knee , although he will have time to rest it on Monday 's rest day .	Thomas Voeckler in the yellow jersey after ninth stage of Tour de France Voeckler finishes second to Luis-Leon Sanchez after stage of high drama Alexander Vinokourov and Juergen Van Den Broeck both crash out of race
CNN  -- A Chicago alderman says Chick-fil-A 's president is publicly contradicting what company executives personally assured him for months -- that the fast-food chain is changing its stance on gay marriage -- and he asked the company Sunday to clarify . Alderman Joe Moreno made news last week when he announced Chick-fil-A has ceased making donations to anti-gay groups and has enacted workplace protections for its employees against discrimination . Moreno said the two concessions were the result of 10 months of negotiations he had with Chick-fil-A executives as he weighed whether to support a new Chick-fil-A restaurant in his Chicago ward . He said the executives gave him documents backing up the new positions . How the Chick-fil-A controversy evolved Chick-fil-A , in a statement Thursday , affirmed the workplace protections . Friday , however , company President Dan Cathy denied the company has ceased making donations to groups that oppose gay marriage and said Chick-fil-A "  made no such concessions . " "  There continues to be erroneous implications in the media that Chick-fil-A changed our practices and priorities in order to obtain permission for a new restaurant in Chicago , " Cathy said in a statement to Mike Huckabee , the former Republican presidential candidate who now runs a conservative website . "  That is incorrect . " Moreno said Sunday that Cathy 's statement "  at the least , muddied the progress we had made with Chick-fil-A and , at the worst , contradicted the documents and promises Chick-fil-A made to me and the community earlier this month . " Moreno said Chick-fil-A executives gave him a letter earlier this year saying the company 's non-profit arm , the WinShape Foundation , will not support organizations with political agendas . "  We were told that these organizations included groups that politically work against the rights of gay and lesbian people , " Moreno said . He said the executives confirmed to him that both the foundation and the company in 2012 has not given money and will not give money to those groups . Cathy 's conflicting statement , Moreno said Sunday , is "  disturbing . " "  I am simply asking Mr. Cathy to confirm statements and documents that HIS company executives provided to me , " Moreno said in a written statement , capitalizing "  his " for emphasis . Chicken , with a side of politics "  It 's pretty simple , Mr. Cathy . Do you acknowledge and support the policies that your executives outlined to me in writing or do you not ? Yes or no ? " the statement added . Chick-fil-A , whose restaurants are closed on Sundays , did not immediately respond to a request for comment . While the company has never hidden its conservative principles , Cathy caused an uproar in July when , in an interview with the Baptist Press , he said the company supports "  the biblical definition of the family unit . " The interview brought attention to donations the company made to organizations some activists said were anti-gay . Gay rights activists and others denounced the company and promised a boycott , while others vowed to support the company . Huckabee suggested a "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day " and thousands turned out to show their support . Moreno said Sunday he has yet to introduce legislation for the new Chick-fil-A restaurant in his ward and will wait for Cathy 's response before moving forward . iReport : ` I 'm gay and I support Chick-fil-A ' Opinion : Chick-fil-A and free speech Gay rights activists hold ` kiss day ' at Chick-fil-A restaurants CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	A Chicago alderman says Chick-fil-A 's president contradicts what executives told him The alderman says the execs assured him donations to anti-gay groups will stop Company President Dan Cathy said Friday there is no change in practices Cathy 's comments on marriage stirred controversy earlier this year
CNN  -- James Makawa wants Africa to be seen by the rest of the world in the best possible light . That 's why the broadcaster and co-founder of The African Channel aims to create the first high-definition programs from Africa for global consumption . But while the 49-year-old Zimbabwean works out that project , it is The Africa Channel that he hopes will continue to draw attention to the best of the continent 's culture and diversity . " -LSB- Until The Africa Channel -RSB- nobody had the audacity to basically say , ' I am going to grab a hold of this continent , put a nice bow around it and change the perception of this beloved continent in a classy , classy way , ' " Makawa told CNN . Since 2005 , The Africa Channel has been bringing positive stories from the continent to millions of channel subscribers in the U.S. , the UK and Caribbean . Makawa is no longer in charge of the channel but remains an active shareholder . Born in Zimbabwe in 1960 when it was under British rule as Rhodesia , he left to study in America when he was 17-years-old as the country was being torn apart by civil war . While leaving his parents and home was a difficult experience , his world was turned upside down when studying broadcast journalism . "  The idea that I could even be on radio or TV and impart information and tell a story . My goodness , talk about Pandora 's Box just opening up ! " Makawa went on to work as a journalist in the U.S. for NBC and later was involved in distributing American TV shows to Africa . It was during this time that he discovered the diversity of stories in Africa that were not being told . The plan for The Africa Channel was thrashed out in 2002 over coffee with two colleagues . Fueled by enthusiasm for their idea they were able to attract investment and spread their optimism . One of the first backers was Congolese basketball player Dikembe Mutombo . "  For me it was something that I believed in , and I was proud . To see a channel carrying the name of my continent and people wonder why you love Africa so much . I say this is where I was born and raised . My roots are in Africa . That 's where I developed . My personality that I carry today came from home , " Mutombo told CNN . The Africa Channel showcases English-language programs from across the continent , but Makawa appeared on the channel himself , most notably in 2007 interviewing Robert Mugabe . "  One thing I learned from the process was this is one man who has been on one hell of a journey . He 's smart . A true intellectual . But I just felt after speaking with him that one time that so much had changed in not just the world but the continent and the country itself , " said Makawa . From world leaders to the lifestyles and culture of the continent , Makawa is committed to promoting the continent as much as possible . "  We all know Africa is the cradle of mankind . This is a vibrant , vibrant place . It has its problems , it has its challenges just like any other place on the planet . Some more complex . But this is a place that is just so rich , vibrant , promising . "	U.S.-based Zimbabwean broadcaster is co-founder of The Africa Channel Channel was set up in 2005 to highlight the best programming from the continent Makawa interviewed Mugabe , aims to show all aspects of Africa 's diverse culture
CNN  -- On May 9 , a cool breeze blew across the waters of San Francisco Bay . Gliding across the surface , two teams of world-class sailors -- Oracle Team USA and Swedish Artemis Racing -- were hard at work preparing for the upcoming America 's Cup . According to reports , the wind was "  a little above normal " at 25 to 35 mph , but nothing that professional sailors could n't handle . Across the waterfront , anticipation was building ahead of the first America 's Cup to be held in the U.S. since 1995 . After an uneventful morning training session , disaster suddenly struck , when the 72-ft Artemis catamaran bore violently away from the Oracle , and swiftly capsized . Beneath its vast hull , Olympic gold medalist Andrew Simpson found himself trapped , and despite desperate efforts to save him , the married father of two could not be rescued from the wreckage . Simpson was just 36 . Andrew Simpson 's early death shocked the world of sailing and brought a glittering career to a premature end . "  Bart " , as he was nicknamed by his friends after the mischievous TV character in "  The Simpsons " , was a talented sailor , a fierce competitor , and a devoted father . His love affair with sailing began early . As a young boy , Simpson 's grandparents took him out in a Sea Flyer on the spectacular natural harbour of Christchurch in Dorset . He was instantly smitten , and from that day onwards sailing was always his first passion . After a few years of sailing , Simpson 's parents gave him a boat of his own , which he raced alongside future fellow Team GB sailors Iain Percy and the four-time Olympic gold medalist Ben Ainslie . From the very beginning , the youngster 's love of the sport and effortless talent caught the eye of national racing coach Jim Saltonstall . Simpson "  enjoyed learning to sail better all the time , " Saltonstall remarked . Simpson began his career in a Laser class one-man dinghy , but soon graduated to the heftier Finn class -- the perfect boat in which to prepare for his forthcoming Olympic career . In 2000 , Simpson was under consideration for the Olympics in Sydney , but ultimately lost his place to best friend Iain Percy whom he had met as a boy . At the age of eight , if it was too windy to sail , Simpson and Percy could often be found building Legos together on the shore . Their friendship was immediate , profound and lifelong . When Sydney 2000 finally came around , Simpson traveled to Australia as Percy 's training partner , and proudly helped his old friend to a gold medal . Four years later , Simpson trained alongside teammate Ben Ainslie ahead of the Olympics in Athens . Again , the team found success , with Ainslie taking gold in the Finn class . Finally Simpson earned his own place in the British team as Percy 's crewmate at Beijing in 2008 . From the moment they began to sail together in preparation for the competition , the two friends thrived . Their partnership brought them bronze at the 2007 Star World Championship -- a strong omen ahead of the Beijing Games . In China , Percy and Simpson performed beautifully , and began the medal race in second place , before fighting hard to regain the lead from Sweden . They sailed across the finish line -- and onward into the history books . The following year Simpson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire  MBE  , one of Britain 's highest honors . On receiving the gold medal , Percy summed up the intimate connection between the pair 's professional success and their personal friendship : "  To share it with Bart who 's my best mate of years and years , we 've been through so much . It 's the moment when you 've crossed the line and you 're on the water , just the two of you . You have n't hit the shore and the crowds and the rest of the team . There 's about a 10 minute period which is quite special because it 's the two of you that have been on that journey all the way through . It 's a really satisfying feeling of two mates who have worked really hard . " Talking to the Royal Yachting Association in 2009 , Simpson said he had felt similarly moved : "  It was fantastic . I mean , what do you say ? It was the most incredible feeling . You win a gold medal with your best friend and you 're on the podium and the national anthem 's played and you 've just had a really tough regatta . It 's not like we won it easy , it was a real war . Yes , It was emotional , for sure . Iain looked like he was going to cry so I put my arm round his back and said ` nice work mate . ' " When it came to competition , Simpson was known as a perfectionist , with a meticulous eye for detail . He had a sophisticated comprehension of the mechanics of sailing and worked tirelessly on his Star ahead of all major competitions . Percy describes Simpson as "  the friendliest , kindest man I have ever met . " Within the sailing fraternity he was both respected and deeply loved . A cavalcade of tweets from sporting luminaries erupted as news of his untimely death spread across the globe . British cyclist Sir Chris Hoy wrote : "  shocked to hear of the death of Andrew Simpson , Olympic Champ sailor . Met him a number of times , great guy . My thoughts are with his family . " Gold winning long jumper Greg Ruthorford echoed Hoy 's distress : "  Waking up to hear the tragic news about Andrew Simpson . So very sad , a true gent . My heart goes out to his family . " Tim Jeffrey , a spokesman for the America 's Cup , and long-time friend of Simpson said : "  I remember some of the photo shoots ahead of the Olympics where the photographer wanted the guys to look mean and moody and portray synthetic aggression and he just could n't do that . He was a perpetual grinner . He was given an extra large happy gene . " This week , ahead of the America 's Cup , Percy spoke to CNN about his mixed feelings on returning to competition . "  This Cup will always remind me of losing Bart , " Percy said . "  It will always do that and it 's going to be very painful , but professionally the team are going to come out stronger , they 're an incredibly talented bunch , an incredibly united group and we 're going to hold our head up high and look forward to the future . " Artemis crewmate Paul Cayard added : "  Knowing Bart and what an accomplished person he was , he would want us to accomplish the mission . " The America 's Cup opened last week in San Francisco , and will conclude on September 21 .	Olympic gold medalist Andrew Simpson caught in accident in the lead up to the America 's Cup Simpson 's love affair with sailing began when he was a child Best friend and crewmate Iain Percy led tributes to the sailor
CNN  -- Days after a photo of him casting his final presidential vote captured the hearts of thousands and went viral online , World War II veteran Frank Tanabe died Wednesday . A week ago , the terminally ill 93-year-old 's absentee ballot arrived in the mail . Tanabe had been in the final stages of inoperable liver cancer and was at home in Honolulu receiving hospice care . But he had never missed a presidential election , and he was n't about to let his illness deter him from voting this time around , his daughters said . After his absentee ballot arrived , his daughter , Barbara , sat at his bedside and read aloud the candidates and issues . "  I helped him . He either nodded ` yes ' or shook his head ` no , ' " Barbara told CNN earlier this week . "  He did n't always vote for my candidate . " Nonetheless , she said she followed his directions and mailed in the completed form . Irene , Frank 's other daughter , knew that she was witnessing a rare moment and snapped a picture of the event . She first posted it on Facebook , then her 26-year-old son , Noah , lifted it and posted it on the link sharing site Reddit . From there , it went viral . Barbara said she told her dad about all of the Internet "  buzz " and was sure he was "  thrilled about it " He was "  very patriotic , very proud , " she said , adding that her father instilled a similar sense of appreciation to his children . In 2010 , he was among a group of Japanese-Americans who were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal as part of the Military Intelligence Service Unit during World War II . Originally from the Seattle area , Tanabe enrolled at the University of Washington during World War II but was forced to drop out when he and the rest of his family were placed in internment camps for the Japanese in the U.S. From there , Tanabe volunteered for the U.S. Army , knowing that Japanese-English translators were in need . His family members remained in the camp while he served . "  He always told us it was very important to vote , because he saw his comrades in arms fight and die for American rights , " Barbara said . Among those , she added , was the right to vote .	A photo of Frank Tanabe voting went viral online The 93-year-old , who had been battling liver cancer , died Wednesday Days before , his daughter sat at his bedside and helped him vote
President Barack Obama said Wednesday that the world set a red line against chemical weapons use that he now seeks to apply to Syria , while a Senate committee approved a resolution authorizing the U.S. military attack that he is planning . By a 10-7 vote , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed the resolution that authorizes a limited military response , giving Obama an initial victory in his push to win congressional approval . The measure now goes to the full Senate for debate next week . The Democratic-led chamber is expected to pass it , but the outcome is less clear in the Republican-led House where top diplomatic and military officials made their case on Wednesday for action . Liberal Democrats , tea party libertarians and moderates from both sides questioned Secretary of State John Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey about whether limited military attacks can change anything and if they will lead to U.S. involvement in another war . "  What are the chances of escalation ? Are different scenarios accounted for ? If our credibility is on the line now as is argued what about if Assad retaliates ? " asked GOP Rep. Ed Royce of California , the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee . In Sweden on the first of a three-day overseas trip that includes the G-20 summit in Russia , Obama told reporters that the red line he spoke of last year regarding Syria 's use of chemical weapons came from international treaties and past congressional action , rather than something he "  made up . " Obama also insisted he had the authority to order attacks -- expected to be cruise missile strikes on Syrian military command targets -- even if Congress rejects his request for authorization . America "  recognizes that if the international community fails to maintain certain norms , standards , laws , governing how countries interact and how people are treated , that over time this world becomes less safe , " Obama said . "  It becomes more dangerous not only for those people who are subjected to these horrible crimes , but to all of humanity . " He cited World War II as an example , saying "  the people of Europe are certainly familiar with what happens when the international community finds excuses not to act . " At the same time , "  as commander in chief , I always preserve the right and the responsibility to act on behalf of America 's national security , " Obama said . Conservative critics have said Obama painted himself into a corner with his statement last year that Syria 's use of chemical weapons was a red line that would change his approach to its civil war . Obama : It is the world 's red line "  A red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized , " Obama said in August 2012 . "  That would change my calculus . " Now , critics on the right say , he must respond to an alleged chemical weapons attack outside Damascus by the Syrian regime that Kerry said killed more than 1,400 people or lose credibility . The administration and top congressional leaders attempted to blunt that criticism on Tuesday during debate on Capitol Hill . Even House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , the chamber 's No. 2 Republican , said any president would have drawn that red line based on international norms . Obama made that same argument on Wednesday , saying : "  I did n't set a red line . The world set a red line . " "  The world set a red line when governments representing 98 percent of the world 's population said the use of chemical weapons are abhorrent and passed a treaty forbidding their use , even when countries are engaged in war , " he said at a joint news conference with Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt on the first day of a four-day trip that includes the G-20 summit in Russia . "  Congress set a red line when it ratified that treaty , " Obama continued . "  Congress set a red line when it indicated that in a piece of legislation entitled the ` Syria Accountability Act ' that some of the horrendous things that are happening on the ground there need to be answered for . " Sounding exasperated , Obama added : "  That was n't something I just kind of made up . I did n't pluck it out of thin air . There 's a reason for it . " Obama prods international community to act Asked about whether he was seeking to save face , Obama insisted that "  my credibility is not on the line -- the international community 's credibility is on the line . " He framed the question for the United Nations and the global community at large as : "  Are we going to try to find a reason not to act ? And if that 's the case , then I think the  world  community should admit it . " Opposition by Russia , a Syrian ally , has scuttled U.S. and British efforts to get the U.N. Security Council to authorize a military response against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . U.N. inspectors returned from Syria last week from their mission to confirm if chemical weapons were used , but Kerry said Wednesday it would take three weeks for samples collected to analyzed and results announced . "  I respect the U.N. process , " Obama said while standing next to Reinfeldt , who opposes military intervention without U.N. approval . "  We agree that the international community can not be silent , " Obama added , saying also that the U.N. investigators had done "  heroic work . " Noting the U.N. team 's mandate was only to determine the use of chemical weapons , and not identify who used them , Obama repeated past statements that U.S. intelligence has confirmed chemical weapons use beyond any reasonable doubt and has further confirmed that al-Assad 's regime "  was the source . " "  I do think that we have to act , because if we do n't , we are effectively saying that even though we may condemn it and issue resolutions and so forth and so on , somebody who is not shamed by resolutions can continue to act with impunity , " Obama said . International norms then "  begin to erode , " he added , and "  other despots and authoritarian regimes can start looking and say , ` that 's something we can get away with . ' " He described the intended U.S. response as "  limited in time and in scope , targeted at the specific task of degrading  al-Assad 's  capabilities , and deterring the use of those weapons , again . " More than 100,000 killed in Syrian conflict The United Nations has said more than 100,000 people -- including many civilians -- have been killed since the popular uprising spiraled into a civil war in 2011 . In Washington , the resolution passed by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee set a 60-day deadline for use of force in Syria , with an option for an additional 30 days . An amendment accepted by the panel from Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Sen. Christopher Coons of Delaware added language to say the military response was intended to reverse Assad 's battlefield momentum , a stronger objective than degrading the Syrian regime 's chemical weapons capabilities as Hagel told the committee on Tuesday . If Assad "  remains in an advantageous position , he will never leave Syria , " said McCain , who has been pushing for a more robust U.S. response . "  He has to know that he is losing and that way you get a negotiated settlement for his departure . " The resolution also makes clear there would be no U.S. boots on the ground as part of a response in Syria . A White House statement welcomed the panel 's vote , saying "  the military action authorized in the resolution would uphold America 's national security interests by degrading Assad 's chemical weapons capability and deterring the future use of these weapons , even as we pursue a broader strategy of strengthening the opposition to hasten a political transition in Syria . " After the vote , senators on the panel made statements that explained their thinking , with some calling for more efforts to build an international coalition before any attack takes place . "  Vietnam started with U.S. advisers and a limited Naval presence . It led to an all-out war , " noted Democratic Sen. Tom Udall of New Mexico , who opposed the resolution . Kerry , Hagel and Dempsey appeared before the Senate panel on Tuesday to press for approval of authorization . Tough questioning by House panel The same trio then faced questions on Wednesday before the House Foreign Affairs Committee , with Royce saying the administration 's Syria policy had been adrift for two years . At the same time , Royce acknowledged there were "  no easy answers " on Syria , and attempting to deter chemical weapons use was worth considering despite public skepticism for U.S. military involvement . Kerry said Obama sought authorization for a response to the use of banned weapons , not a full military intervention . "  We are not asking America to go to war , " he said . "  We all agree , there will be no American boots on the ground . " In response to a question , Hagel put the cost of the limited response under consideration at "  tens of millions " of dollars . Most of the focus of administration lobbying has been on the House , where opposition by liberal Democrats and libertarian conservatives , as well as the bitterly partisan political environment of the Republican-led chamber , make passage of Obama 's authorization proposal uncertain . House Speaker John Boehner and Cantor , the No. 2 Republican , both have endorsed a U.S. military response , but Wednesday 's hearing showed widespread concerns and outside opposition from across the political spectrum . Polls also show that a majority of Americans oppose a U.S. military strike on Syria . In the Senate , a Democratic source familiar with Majority Leader Harry Reid 's thinking told CNN that Reid is confident any authorization measure will pass his chamber . The source said it is likely 60 votes will be needed to overcome a filibuster , and Reid thinks the votes are there . Before that , however , lawmakers will hear from the Russian government , which is moving ahead with its efforts to lobby Congress in an attempt to undercut Obama on Syria . Moscow has sent an official request to congressional leaders to meet with them . "  We 're planning the visit , " a Russian Embassy spokesman told CNN , "  We ca n't tell you the exact time but it will be next week . " Boehner will not meet with the Russians , his spokesman said .	The White House welcomes Senate panel 's support for a limited Syria strike A House committee questions top administration officials President Obama calls on the international community to act on Syria Obama kicks off a trip to Sweden and Russia as Congress debates Syria
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic eased any concerns over his ankle injury with a comprehensive win over Albert Montanes as the Serb eyes his third title at the Italian Open . The 2008 and 2011 champion twisted his right ankle in a Davis Cup match last month before appearing to damage it again in last week 's Madrid Open defeat to Grigor Dimitrov . At Foro Italico however , Djokovic needed just 70 minutes to rally from an early break to beat qualifier Montanes 6-2 6-3 . The six-time grand slam winner says the display is a step on the road to performing at this month 's French Open as well as at Wimbledon in June . "  It was a good performance , even though I know I can do better , " Djokovic , who has reached the Rome final four times in the last five years , told reporters . "  I know my game has to be better in order to win my next challenge . But I 'm heading in a good way because I did n't have a great week in Madrid and did n't have much practice . "  I came here very early ; from Wednesday I spent a lot of hours on the court working hard , trying to prepare myself for what 's coming up this week and also after the tournament in Rome -- two Grand Slams in less than a month 's time . "  It 's a very important period for all of us and I need to be physically , mentally , fresh and fit and I think I 'm on the right way to be like that . " The French Open gets underway in Paris on May 26 and finishes on June 9 , just over a fortnight before the start of the Wimbledon championships . Federer , whose return to action in Madrid after a two-month break ended with a third-round loss to Japan 's Kei Nishikori , also eased through to the third round after beating Italian wild card Potito Starace 6-1 6-2 . Meanwhile , Serena Williams gained some family revenge when beating Laura Robson , who knocked sister Venus out in the first round , in straight sets . The world number one 's comfortable day against the rising Briton was in stark contrast to many of her seeded colleagues , three of whom crashed out on Tuesday . Poland 's fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was the highest to fall , losing 6-7 6-1 6-2 to Simona Halep of Romania in the second round , but she may have gained some consolation by seeing sister Urszula inflict defeat on 15th seed Ana Ivanovic . Tenth seed Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark also failed in her bid to reach the second round , as the former world number one let slip a 5-2 lead against 48th-ranked Bojana Jovanovski in a third set tiebreak . The girlfriend of golfer Rory McIlroy has struggled on clay this season , exiting in the first round in both Spain and Germany over the last month , and now succumbing at the first hurdle once again . Jovanovski , 21 , ended a poor run of form as the Serb claimed her first victory since the Australian Open in January . 2011 Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova became the first woman into the third round as she beat Germany 's Sabine Lisicki in another match that went to three sets .	Djokovic and Federer put Madrid behind them as they cruise into Italian Open third round Serb allays ankle fears as he prepares for ` important period ' Agnieszka Radwanska headlines fall of three seeds in womens event
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Want to be an Asian superpower ? Then an aircraft carrier , it seems , is the minimum requirement for joining this elite club . In China , a retro-fitted former Ukrainian carrier dating back to the Soviet era is the flagship of the country 's hopes for a "  blue water " navy -- a fleet that can operate on the high seas thousands of nautical miles from base . India has launched its first home built aircraft carrier as part of a plan to operate three carrier battle groups by 2020 . And Japan -- whose navy is officially classed as a self-defense force -- has controversially unveiled what it has classed as a flat-topped helicopter destroyer , but to China looks perilously akin to an aircraft carrier . This latest piece of must-have military hardware might be expensive to build , logistically complex to operate and costly to defend -- and in the context of drone and submarine technology , some argue , increasingly obsolete - but the aircraft carrier is still regarded as one of the strongest projections of a nation 's military power . More image than action ? The carrier race comes amid rising assertiveness of Asian 's military powers and changing conditions in the region . For Japan , it 's a counter to the rising power of China and the threat from North Korea . For India , its carrier flexes its muscle in the direction of Pakistan while China wants to project power along its trade routes and regional interests . Just 20 aircraft carriers are active throughout the world and the U.S. Navy operates 10 of them . For many military analysts , however , the value of a carrier lies in having one rather than ever using one . Ashley Townshend , Joan Rydon Scholar in Government at Oxford University , says there is a disconnect between what an aircraft carrier projects and what it can actually do . "  Needing an aircraft carrier and wanting one are two different things , " Townshend told CNN , adding that Asia -- despite recent headlines -- has had a long history of aircraft carrier operation . "  India has operated carriers before ; China has n't but China is a new foray into carrier naval warfare/carrier naval operations , " he said . "  Japan interestingly had the world 's first aircraft carrier . " Costly carrier As an indication of how much a carrier costs , Britain is plowing an estimated  # 5 billion  US$ 8 billion  into its new carrier Queen Elizabeth . It is so large that it is being constructed in sections at six shipyards around the United Kingdom before being slotted together at Rosyth in Fife , Scotland . Perhaps fittingly for China 's biggest naval gamble , its refurbished Ukrainian carrier was once touted to become a casino in Macau , a Special Administrative Region  SAR  of China and a gambling center . "  This is really its initial training platform , " said Townshend . "  It 's unlikely that this carrier would be able to pack the sort of punch that would make it useful as a power projection carrier outside of limited and asymmetric incidents in Asia . "  You could conceivably ship it down into the South China Sea for the purposes of intimidating weaker South East Asian nations -- but that carries with it a lot of risks not least the proliferation of anti-carrier anti-sea control platforms in Asia . " Vulnerable He said submarines , ship-launched and land-based ballistic missiles all make aircraft carriers vulnerable to attack in the context of modern conventional warfare . "  The sort of things , interestingly , that China has been building to keep the U.S. out of the Taiwan Strait are also being built by South East Asian nations to keep large scale Chinese naval platforms from being as powerful as they might be in the region . " While India , China and Japan may have deep pockets , the technology and military infrastructure necessary to operate what amounts to a floating military city for thousands of personnel still lags among these Asian superpowers . Military analyst Michael Horowitz , associate professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania , in his book The Diffusion of Military Power , says learning to operate an aircraft carrier is difficult and time-consuming "  Carrier warfare is one of the only major military innovations requiring high levels of both financial intensity and organizational capital to adopt , " he said . "  Operating a floating airfield and the ship itself , plus coordinating with support ships , is simply a much harder set of tasks than lining up the big guns of a battleship and firing . " Carrier losses Aircraft carriers also have one of the highest attrition rates of any arm of the military . According to a study by Professor Robert Rubel of the U.S. Naval War College , between 1949 and 1988 the US Navy and Marine Corps lost 12,000 aircraft and 8,500 air crew . Analysts say that with China training less than 100 pilots to operate fixed-wing aircraft from carriers , its capacity to absorb losses is low . "  It 's difficult to train pilots up to land on what is effectively a moving airfield , " Townshend said . "  While China will learn from the successes and failures of every country that has gone before it , it does take a lot of time and China has less than 100 airmen who are being trained to fly their version of a carrier aircraft . " Meanwhile , as India and China size up each other in the carrier war , analysts say it has to be remembered that both carrier nations have ships that are a third the size of the U.S. Nimitz class ships . "  For the Chinese , a lot of it is tied up with a story about itself becoming a great power , " Townshend said . "  For China to be a great power it must be a great maritime power and to be a great power it must have carriers and blue water naval platforms . "	China , India and Japan have turned to aircraft carriers as an extension of military prestige Aircraft carriers are expensive to build , logistically complex to operate and costly to defend Carrier race comes amid rising assertiveness of Asian 's military powers Military analysts say the value of a carrier lies in having one rather than using one
CNN  Sia 's new video , "  Elastic Heart , " features 28-year-old actor Shia LaBeouf and 12-year-old "  Dance Moms " star Maddie Ziegler , both dressed in dirty , flesh-colored leotards , playfully approaching , touching and running from one another in a zoo-like cage . Internet , start your outrage . "  the video definitely has got this weird pedophile vibe , " wrote Irrational Action on YouTube . "  this video did make me uncomfortable at PARTS ... maybe its because maddie is like 12 and shia is almost thirty and i watch dance moms too so I really see her for her age , " wrote YouTube commenter Esther Jonson . "  The new sia video is disgusting ! Like the song made a bit of sense then the video was like abacajavalaoavwpabsh @maddieziegler that 's not u , " added Suza aka suz on Twitter . Elle magazine described it as "  creepy naked . " Though the video is probably better viewed as interpretative dance -- as other commenters observed , it may be about Sia 's relationship with her father -- the singer apologized if it was misconstrued . "  I apologize to those who feel triggered by #ElasticHeart My intention was to create some emotional content , not to upset anybody , " she tweeted . Others got her point . "  Wish people would shut up about the supposed ` peaodophilia ' in @Sia new video ! It 's beautiful ! Dont be scared of Art , " tweeted Helen Anderson . The attention has n't hurt . On YouTube , "  Elastic Heart " has received 4.3 million views in the one day since it was posted .	Sia 's "  Elastic Heart " video features Shia LaBeouf and "  Dance Moms " star Maddie Ziegler The contrast of the two leads some to cry "  pedophilia "
CNN  -- Anthony Howe makes sculptures that refuse to stay still . His mammoth-sized , stainless steel kinetic sculptures twist , turn and transform their shape in ways that can call to mind anything from a giant squid to electrons buzzing around an atom 's nucleus . The 59-year-old Utah-born artist says inspiration for the otherworldly monuments can come from almost anywhere : "  from low-tech sci-fi paraphernalia to microbiological or astronomical models . " "  Growing up , I was fortunate to have spent a lot of time in the ocean , in the water , " he says . "  My father traveled a lot , we lived in eight different cities in the United States , so I was exposed to all kinds of things , besides books and whatnot . " Since 1994 , the artist made his home on 10 acres of Orcas Island , Washington state , which now incorporate Howe 's gallery and sculpture park . His new creation -- a 17 ft-tall spike with a rotating ring of steel arms  below  -- has just taken pride of place on the lawn , and you can watch it in action in the new video here . Howe has been making kinetic sculptures since 1990 . After graduating art school , he spent five years in a house he built on a remote mountaintop in New Hampshire . It was there that he painted water colors of the landscape , but eventually grew bored . He got a job as a superintendent in a warehouse and moved to Manhattan . "  My job was mostly putting up steel shelving , so I was surrounded by steel . My painting continued to go nowhere and I realized that I had a lot of raw material in the steel shelving . " "  I also lived on the top of a roof , with lots of outdoor space , and had the idea of making things that spun in the wind -- and the rest is history , so they say . " Today , the  now extremely complex  sculptures begin life on a computer , where Howe makes a digital "  sketch " in modeling software packages 3ds Max and Rhinoceros . Each component can be sent from the computer to a laser cutter which precisely carves out the curvilinear form . But there is still room for ideas to develop and change , he notes , as he finishes the components by hand , using traditional metalworking techniques . He says the "  harmony " between the many different components is created by getting "  a very , very good balance " -- with each component carefully set on its axis to ensure it will be equally affected by the force of the wind . In addition to the organic forms of underwater and plant life , Howe points to the illustrated books of 19th century author Jules Verne as early inspiration . Verne dreamed of nature-inspired helicopters and submarines -- before they were created in real life -- in adventure classics such as "  Journey to the center of the earth " and "  Twenty thousand leagues under the sea . " Like these creations , Howe 's works transform the organic movement of the natural world into cold steel -- yet they retain their own hypnotic mystery . "  I 'm just making a lot of choices based on what looks right to me , " he says simply . For Howe , knowing that others are beguiled by his works his creations is a source of happiness : "  I definitely set out a long time ago to make these sculptures so that they would be pleasant and hopefully transport a person to a better place than they were before they saw it . " "  I know that that 's the antithesis of what a lot of people want art to do , but I do n't really care anymore . At this point , I 'm very glad that people enjoy looking at them . " More from Art of Movement : Photographer captures haunting beauty of ballet in the digital age Bringing the 200-year-old clockwork boy back to life Nomadic world of the traveling circus	Anthony Howe makes "  kinetic " sculptures which move in the wind The 59-year-old takes inspiration from the natural world and sci-fi -- among many other things Howe "  sketches " the sculptures on computer design packages , before laser cutting components
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The father of a 16-year-old on Saudi Arabia 's Olympic team said his daughter has been called names by people in her home country for competing at the London Games . Wojdan Shaherkani was one of two women who competed in the Olympics for Saudi Arabia , which was one of three countries that agreed for the first time to send women to compete at the Games . "  Some people hid behind  fake  Twitter accounts , and they said bad things about my daughter and myself , " Wojdan 's father , Ali Seraj Shaherkani , told CNN recently . " ... After the competition , I returned home , I read on Twitter that somebody said bad words about my daughter . Three people on Twitter accused her of being a ` prostitute . ' " He said he filed a complaint with the Ministry of Interior over the name-calling . "  In religion , if anyone accuses a woman of being a prostitute , he has to prove it or receive lashes or punishment , " Shaherkani said . Blog : London Olympics breaks new ground for women Wojdan made history during the Olympics when she was selected by the kingdom to compete in judo at the Games , though the opportunity was almost derailed when the International Judo Federation said she could not compete wearing a head scarf . The teen and her father signed an agreement with Saudi Olympics officials that she would be allowed to compete only if she wore "  correct and approved " clothing that "  sticks to Islamic principles , " according to Saudi National Olympic Committee representative Razen Baker . An agreement was eventually struck between Saudi Arabia , the International Olympic Committee and the Judo federation . Opinion : Saudi women going to games is a sham Wojdan was dispatched quickly in her first match , losing to 28-year-old Melissa Mojica of Puerto Rico in one minute , 22 seconds . According to quotes provided by Olympic officials after the match , Wojdan called the experience "  the opportunity of a lifetime . " "  Hopefully this will be the start of bigger participation for other sports also . Hopefully this is the  beginning  of a new era , " she said . Her father knew she would likely lose , saying she had never competed in front of an audience before her match at the Games . But in defeat , Shaherkani said he was even more proud of his daughter . The audience of 15,000 at London 's Excel Center applauded the teen . Read more : Arab sportswomen finally in the picture "  She was smiling on the way out . She told me ' I did it . Next time I 'll win . ' I cried when I heard that , " said Shaherkani , who worked as a referee in the men 's Judo competition . "  She 's amazing . Really , she 's amazing . " Perhaps the most difficult thing for the family has been the reaction of some in their native Saudi Arabia . "  I want everyone to respect my daughter . I respect all the people talking about my daughter when she went to London - they either accepted her trip or not , " Shaherkani said . "  I respect all these people . But whoever talks bad about my daughter , will be punished . " The family has seen a change in attitude since Wojdan began her Olympic journey . Before the Games , Shaherkani about 75 percent of the people in the country disapproved with his daughter 's Olympic effort "  because it 's a new thing for Saudi Arabia to go outside the kingdom as a woman and compete in public . " "  People think we are breaking our religion . But in our mind , we are not doing that . We are doing something I am proud of , " he said . "  We gave the whole world a good picture of the women in Saudi Arabia . " Since the competition , he said "  maybe 80 to 85 percent " agree with his daughter 's effort . "  I hope my daughter can perform in the next Olympics in 2016 . In four years she will be better , " he said . "  I think my daughter will get some medals some day . " Read more : Was London 2012 the women 's Olympics ? CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Wojdan Shaherkani , 16 , was the first woman from Saudi Arabia to compete publicly Her father says people set up fake Twitter accounts in Saudi Arabia to call her names The teen 's father has filed a complaint with the Ministry of Interior
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , whose claim of unlawful incarceration was denied last week , will immediately appeal and fight all the way to the Peruvian Supreme Court and international courts , if necessary , his attorney told CNN Monday . Van der Sloot , a 22-year-old Dutch citizen , is jailed pending trial on charges of first-degree murder and robbery in the May 30 death in of Peruvian student Stephany Flores , 21 . In an attempt to nullify a confession he gave police , van der Sloot claimed his civil rights were violated following his arrest . A judge on Friday ruled that his confession and detention stand . His legal strategy now is to "  paralyze the process , " his lawyer , Maximo Altez , said . Altez said van der Sloot will use every possible law that is available to him , and that if he exhausts Peruvian courts , they will reach out to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in Costa Rica . He maintains that his client 's rights have been violated . The attorney , who has been in touch with both van der Sloot and his family , said that the Dutchman is a little "  depressed , " as anyone in prison would be . Van der Sloot is also a suspect in the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba in 2005 , though he has not been charged in that crime . A court document obtained by CNN shows Flores had a cranial fracture and other injuries to her face and neck and showed signs of asphyxiation . Forensic tests in the hotel room where her body was found showed blood on the floors , hallway and mattress , the document said . According to transcripts of van der Sloot 's confession , he said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his shirt . The transcripts were provided to CNN by a police source who has not been named because he was not authorized to release the material . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail in his computer connected with the Holloway case . After killing Flores , police say , van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested on June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . Van der Sloot is being held at the Miguel Castro Castro Prison , in a high-security area where only two of 10 cells are occupied and he has no contact with the general prison population . In Session 's Jean Casarez from the truTV network contributed to this report .	Joran van der Sloot will appeal ruling on his detention to the highest court , if needed A judge last week ruled that van der Sloot 's confession and jailing stood He wants to ` paralyze the process , ' lawyer says Van der Sloot is also the suspect in the Natalee Holloway disappearance
Al Qaeda gunmen killed at least two people Monday , including a French employee of the European Union 's mission to Yemen , in one of the latest acts of violence in the country 's capital after the government 's crackdown on the terror group , two high-level Yemeni government officials said . The attack shows that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is responding to a weeks-long government offensive with "  open warfare , " an official said on condition of anonymity . "  AQAP is taking the battle to the capital , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak to the media . There was conflicting information about the nationalities of those who were killed Monday . Three Yemeni Interior Ministry officials said two French nationals died and another French national was injured . But the two high-level sources said a French national and a Yemeni security officer were killed , and a foreigner of an unconfirmed nationality was injured . The victims were in a vehicle when gunmen blocked it and started shooting . The gunmen fired 20 bullets in the vehicle 's direction before fleeing in a pickup , a senior Interior Ministry official said . The attack came more than two weeks after Yemen 's government launched a military offensive against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and amid an uptick in violence in the capital . Since Sunday , two military officers have been assassinated in Sanaa , authorities said . Al Qaeda "  had threatened they would target government targets and foreign targets in the capital , " the anonymous official said . "  This military campaign has opened a Pandora 's box , and things will only get worse , but it had to happen , " the official continued . "  This is a decisive battle , and either we win or they win . " The crackdown killed more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19 to April 21 , Yemeni officials have said . Twelve more were killed Thursday , according to a high-level Yemeni government official . Operations have included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , according to a Yemeni official . U.S. Special Operations troops have played a role in the offensive , in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen . But no Americans took part in combat , a U.S. official has said . After Monday 's shooting , authorities set up checkpoints on roads leading to the building that houses the European Union mission to Yemen . The French Foreign Ministry did n't immediately respond to a request for comment Monday . State media : Dozens of militants killed in Yemen	Al Qaeda gunmen targeted European Union mission employees , officials say Attack comes after Yemen launched offensive against al Qaeda "  This is open warfare , " official says
Tribune Media Services  -- We 're in California 's famous wine country -- shopping for frying pans . That 's right . We 're tooling around Healdsburg , California , the small picturesque town in the heart of Sonoma County , taking in the tasting rooms , restaurants and antique shops scattered around the Plaza Park Square . My 23-year-old daughter , Reggie , is excited because she scores a cast-iron frying pan for $ 15 . I 'm excited because it is a perfect sunny fall day and I 'm spending it with my husband and daughter . We 're staying in San Francisco near Union Square at the recently renovated Parc 55 . It 's a great location , but we opt to head out of the city to Sonoma County , about an hour from San Francisco , which is home to some 1,800 growers and 450 wineries . Sonoma County , just 30 miles north of San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge , is closer to the city than Napa and much bigger -- more than 1,500 square miles -- roughly the size of Rhode Island . If you think wine country -- especially Sonoma County -- is just for grown-ups  at least those over 21  think again . There are plenty of places to bike , hike and kayak on the Russian River . There are many kid-friendly wineries too , complete with toy chests , picnic grounds and more , says Liza Graves , mom to 11-year-old twins and founder of Sonoma-based www.beautiful-places.com . Beautiful Places rents villas here and in Napa and can also arrange special activities for your gang .  Treasure hunt in a vineyard perhaps ? At the Benziger winery you can take a tram tour of the organic farm or sip wine while the kids get a lesson at the Insectary where "  good " bugs  ladybugs , praying mantis  are raised to eat all the bad bugs . Roche Winery offers horseback rides and the Larson Family Winery has lots of animals . Graves notes that farms in the area invite families to watch as cheese or honey is made or give then an opportunity to try their hand at milking a cow , digging for potatoes or picking fruit . You 'll find farmer 's markets each day in at least one of the towns . "  We love the Sonoma farmer 's market on Tuesday nights in summer in the square , " Graves says . "  Families bring a picnic dinner and listen to live music . There are two playground areas in the park too . " Sugarloaf Ridge State Park , home to the Robert Fergus Observatory , is a good place to hike . For a more exotic kind of fun , head to Safari West , an African inspired wildlife preserve where you can see animals in their natural habitat or take teens to learn about racecar driving at the Jim Russell Racing School . If your gang loves the comic strip "  Peanuts , " You wo n't want to miss the Charles M. Schulz Museum in Santa Rosa . For younger kids , Sonoma Train Town Railroad has a steam railroad , a Ferris wheel and a carousel . Some wine tasting for the adults will likely be on the agenda too . We start our tasting at La Crema Tasting Room . Do we like the Los Carneros Chardonnay  with its orange aromas  or the Russian River Chardonnay  with hints of butterscotch and honeysuckle  ? We taste a Pinot Noir  aromas of blueberry  and a Sonoma County Syrah  hints of black licorice  . I love them all but my daughter warns me to pace myself ; it is , after all , just 11 a.m. ! We head around the corner to Murphy-Goode Tasting Room where I love the Claret . I think it would be good with Thanksgiving Turkey . I 'm learning to just take one sip . Next we stop in at Powell 's Sweet Shoppe where we find every variety of candy  Mexican dinner gummies , sour grape "  pucker powder , " nerds , sweet tarts , etc.  , old-fashioned toys  juggle balls , a Mr. Bill doll  and scrumptious gelato  dark chocolate peanut butter or pistachio  . Lunchtime already ? We head to a local landmark Jimtown Store where we eat lunch in a grape arbor feasting on just-made curry chicken salad and the best bean salad I 've ever eaten . We indulge in a ginger cookie for dessert . A group of cyclists is eating lunch too , which makes me feel guilty that we 're touring in a car rather than getting some much-needed exercise . Just down the road is Stonestreet Winery , which is owned by Jess Jackson who also owns Kendall-Jackson Winery , one of California 's largest wineries . An attorney , Jackson began growing grapes on land he 'd purchased in 1974 . Eight years later , he produced his first wine , which ultimately won kudos and awards . Our "  wine educator , " Jonathan Tyer , is so passionate about wine that he plans to enroll in graduate school next fall at UC Davis . Tyer is already an accomplished and prize-winning home vintner whose enthusiasm is infectious , as he explains how all of these wines are grown on the hillsides . Sipping our wine , we get a rare behind-the-scenes peak at the operation -- the oak barrels where the juice is pressed out of the grapes , the lab where the science of winemaking is conducted to test sugar composition . Too soon we have to head back to the city to meet some friends for a last-night-in-San Francisco dinner . We opt for a new hip spot we think the twentysomethings in the gang will like -- Starbelly , located in the Castro area and known for its beers and house-cured meats . We feast on mini corndogs , Starbelly salumi , mortadella , salami , fall squash and goat cheese pizza . Not only is the food delicious but it 's also affordable . Did I mention dessert ? Warm pear crumble , caramel pot de creme or chocolate spice doughnut with peanut butter curry ice cream . The twentysomethings love the place ... just as my daughter loved our day in Sonoma -- and her new frying pan . It 's nice to see you can still take the kids -- even when they are over 21 . For More on Eileen 's trip to San Francisco and beyond , read her trip diary at www.takingthekids.com and also follow "  taking the kids " on www.twitter.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments .  2010 EILEEN OGINTZ DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Sonoma County is home to 1,800 growers and 450 wineries The Benziger winery offers tram tours of the organic farm and an Insectary for kids Safari West is a wildlife preserve where you can see animals in their habitat
CNN  -- He 's a bespectacled , middle-aged South Korean guy with a corporate job . But he has already swept Twitter and the international media , which swarmed him at the airport as he departed . The uber fan who captured the heart of Kansas City is to arrive at Kauffman Stadium on Tuesday for Game 1 of the World Series . Lee SungWoo has become the unlikely talisman for the surprise contenders , the Kansas City Royals . His nearly 20 year-long obsession with the baseball team from afar has become the feel-good story . After becoming a fan in the 1990s , Lee followed the Royals , barely missing a game , despite the 14-hour difference between Kansas City and Seoul . He paid little heed that the Royals had n't made the playoffs in the last 29 years . In a 2012 interview , he tried to explain to a local website about his love for the Royals . Writing in English , which is n't his native language , he wrote : "  What made me of being a Royals fan ? Now I ca n't tell why ... just like many of you , Royals fans , I was sort of ... underdog lover ? sympathy ? "  It was much more thrilled Royals beat big market teams rather than big market teams win against weak teams . " He had no ties to the team or the place . When he was asked whether he would come to Kansas City if the team made it to the World Series , he responded , "  Whoa ! Royals can make it to the World series ever ??? "  But If , big If , Royals go to world series , I would try this that one ? " Through the dismal losses and last place finishes , Lee 's exuberance for the team did n't wane . His loyalty struck other Royals fans and Kansas City residents as sincere and dedicated . San Francisco stations ban Lorde 's ` Royals ' After nearly two decades of watching from afar , he arrived in Kansas City for the first time in August . During his visit , the Royals went on a 9-1 streak , causing some fans to speculate that he was a good luck charm . The Royals swept the San Francisco Giants in three games during Lee 's visit -- the very team that it now faces in the World Series . Lee became a local sensation with TV stations covering his appearances and it spread to national outlets . Long after Lee returned to South Korea , Royal fans remembered his dedication as the team trounced the opposing teams during the post season . One fan even unfurled the South Korean flag as an ode to Lee . Some even brought replica of Lee for televised interviews . With the World Series to start on Tuesday , the Royals fans began demanding that Lee return to Kansas City to watch . Hashtags like #FreeSungWoo , #SungWooToKC and #SungWooSeries sprang up on Twitter . The hashtag #BringBackSungWoo began to trend in the United States . Following some intense lobbying , Lee will be on hand to watch the game -- with documentary filmmakers and South Korea media following his moves . Even the Major League Baseball 's Twitter account acknowledged , "  From backflips to @Koreanfan_KC , there 's magic brewing in Kansas City all year long . The first game of the World Series starts 8:00 p.m. ET on Tuesday .	Unlikely story about a Korean fan of the Royals made waves this summer Lee SungWoo will be returning to Kansas City to watch World Series Lee won over the city and Royals fans by his unrelenting loyalty to the team
CNN  -- Six-year-old Makayla Sitton did n't get to act in The Nutcracker Ballet . The night before she was to go on stage , she was shot to death with three others in a home in Jupiter , Florida . "  I do not know how we 're ever going to recover from this , but we know where she is . She is in heaven , " her father , Jim Sitton , told CNN affiliate WPTV-TV of West Palm Beach , Florida . "  God has blessed us with this beautiful girl , and he just took her home a little bit earlier than we wanted , " he said , struggling to hold back tears . Police were searching Friday for a suspect in the deaths of Makayla and three others : twins Carla Merhige and Lisa Knight , 33 , and Raymonde Joseph , 76 , police said . Patrick Knight and Clifford Gebara were wounded in the shooting , police said . Officers were looking for Paul Michael Merhige , 35 , who is thought to have left the area armed , said Jupiter police Sgt. Scott Pascarella . The dead were Merhige 's twin sisters , his aunt and 6-year-old cousin . Interviews with family members suggest that Merhige "  had ongoing resentment " for some of his relatives , said Sally Collins-Ortiz , a spokeswoman for Jupiter police . One of the victims -- Knight -- was pregnant , Collins-Ortiz said Friday . The U.S. Marshals have joined the search for Merhige , she said . The shooting occurred about 10 p.m. ET Thursday . Pascarella said he did not know the motive . Merhige is thought to have driven away in a blue 2007 Toyota Camry with Florida license plate number W42 7JT , the officer said . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Four killed , 2 hurt in southern Florida on Thanksgiving night Police searching for victims ' relative in connection with the shootings Paul Michael Merhige , 35 , may have "  had ongoing resentment " for relatives , police say
CNN  -- When most people go to Hawaii , they head to the beach to relax and get a tan . Sarah Vowell locks herself in historical libraries . The result of that sun-free research is her latest take on history , "  Unfamiliar Fishes . " "  I came to Hawaii because it had been attacked , " she writes in her book , referring to her visit to the USS Arizona Memorial in Pearl Harbor , after she compares the combination of foods she was eating for lunch to the ethnic variety of the current Hawaiian citizens . She acts like a tour guide on a trip through time -- stopping at this place and that in Hawaii to expound on historical events -- often flavoring the accounts with personal anecdotes or wry comments . When writing about Hawaiian royals in 1819 dropping one taboo on what women could eat , she notes , "  As a female carnivore , I 'm delighted that half the population was freed to eat pork . " Exploring U.S. history in a very chatty tone and with personal asides has put several of Vowell 's books on bestseller lists . In "  Assassination Vacation , " she dipped into the times of political violence that claimed the lives of U.S. Presidents Abraham Lincoln , James Garfield and William McKinley . In "  Wordy Shipmates " she wrote about the English Puritans that settled the Massachusetts Bay Colony . The author , essayist and frequent public radio commentator can hold her own against the quick wits of TV political satirists John Stewart and Stephen Colbert as she proved on her latest book tour . With her writing , Vowell says she aims to put a human face on the people from the past . She describes the bloody tactics that Kamehameha the Great used to end more than a century of warfare and establish the Hawaiian monarchy in 1810 . Like a tourist she also details how her 8-year-old nephew twists his underwear into a loincloth and performs "  an amusing if insensitive impression " of the warrior . Vowell finds the pluck of the New England missionaries admirable for their willingness at barely 20 years old to leave home , family and country to sail to "  the most isolated island chain in the world " aboard a ship "  so crappy it made the Mayflower look like the QE2 . " But their mission to convert the heathens to Christianity does not impress the self-described godless heathen author . She opines "  there 's not much difference between Jehovah and Ku  except that once a year the Hawaiian god of war actually takes time off  . " Vowell describes the native hula dances -- including one that is accompanied by chants praising the genitals of the king -- as part of an "  academic nearly-religious spiritual tradition that is incredibly rigorous . " There are so many rules on behavior , land management , fishing and other areas that Vowell describes the Hawaiian culture as very conservative . So to her , the disagreements between the missionaries and the Hawaiians about what was proper behavior , "  was like watching two kind of conservative traditions squaring off . " She admits that she especially likes writing about historical characters that she did n't like -- including a man who faked being a Mormon leader as he unsuccessfully plotted to establish his own Pacific empire . But one of her favorite scenes to write about was the funeral procession of King Liholiho who had died along with his wife from measles during a trip to visit King George IV in England in 1823 . Their bodies were returned to Hawaii aboard a British Royal Navy frigate commanded by the seventh Lord Byron , a cousin of the late poet . Vowell describes a "  fantastical scene " of all these people participating in a procession through Honolulu : Hawaiian royals in Western clothes , nine other Hawaiians in yellow-feathered war cloaks , British Royal Navy officers in their uniforms and the missionaries in their black wool outfits . And then there were native Hawaiian guards who were wearing a variety of western garb - but who apparently did n't understand the need for pants . Vowell says the changes in the years that followed mostly had a negative impact on the Hawaiian people . Much of their land fell into the hands of the sugar plantation owners , the descendants of the missionaries overthrew Hawaii 's last monarch and despite the natives ' petitions and pleas -- U.S. politicians maneuvered to turn the kingdom into a U.S. territory . But while the results are somewhat sad , she says , learning more about the meetings of strangers in history has always intrigued the traveler in her . "  There 's this part of me that wants to leave home and wants to see something new and wants to meet new people , " she muses . "  Maybe that is how I , too , will meet my doom . "	Sarah Vowell 's latest book explores the history of Hawaii and how it became a state She describes missionaries and natives as two conservative groups squaring off Although sad in many parts , she says Hawaiian history is fascinating
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary , hosts a nationally syndicated Spanish-language radio show ; and wrote a guide to success for immigrants  "  Adelante ! " published by Random House  . He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas . Rudy Ruiz says people hold on to their views despite the evidence for fear of being labeled a flip-flopper . SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- As people shout over each other and tune out diverging views in town hall meetings , the health care debate is proving to be symptomatic of a major ailment threatening our nation : A contagious culture of closed-mindedness threatens to suffocate our progress as a society . Why has it become so difficult to even consider changing our minds about important issues ? Here 's my diagnosis . Increasingly , the willingness to change one 's position on political issues has been misread as a mark of weakness rather than a product of attentive listening and careful deliberation . During the 2004 Presidential campaign , the successful branding of John Kerry as a flip-flopper doomed his bid . Fear of "  flip-flopper syndrome " is apparently catching like the flu , because today politicians are not alone in their determination to adhere to partisan positions despite the changing needs of our nation . Nearly everyone 's so reluctant to appear wishy-washy that they stand firm even when the evidence is against their views . Three factors exacerbate this paralysis by lack of analysis : labels , lifestyles and listening . First , the labels ascribed to many potential policy tools render sensible options taboo , loading what could be rational , economic or social measures with moral baggage . This narrows our choices , hemming in policy makers . Any proposal including the words "  government-run " elicits cries of "  socialism " and "  communism . " Any argument invoking the words "  God " or "  moral " sparks accusations of "  right-wing extremism , " "  fascism , " or "  Bible-thumping . " Instead of listening to each other 's ideas , we spot the warning label and run the other way . Second , our lifestyles favor knee-jerk reactions . The way we think , work and live in the Digital Age demands we quickly categorize information without investing time into rich interaction , research and understanding . We 're hesitant to ask questions because we do n't have time to listen to the long , complicated answers that might follow . And we lack the time to fact-check competing claims . In our haste , it 's easier to echo our party 's position than drill down , questioning whether party leaders are motivated by our best interests or the best interests of their biggest contributors . Third , we tend to listen only to like-minded opinions as media fragmentation encourages us to filter out varying perspectives . If you 're a liberal , you avoid FOX News . If you 're a conservative you revile MSNBC . The dynamic is even more pronounced online , where a niche media source can be found for any outlook . This silences the opportunity for meaningful dialogue and deliberation that might lead to reformulating positions , forging sustainable compromises , and developing consensus crucial to moving our nation forward on complex issues . So how can we overcome this challenge , starting with the health care debate ? How do we open our minds to the possibility that we could actually learn from somebody else ? Here 's my prescription . For starters , we should eschew the notion that changing our minds is a character flaw . To the contrary , experts believe it 's a manifestation of higher intelligence . Renowned psychologist Stuart Sutherland wrote in "  Irrationality , " his seminal 1992 book : "  The willingness to change one 's mind in the light of new evidence is a sign of rationality not weakness . " To further free our minds , we should aggressively treat the three Ls : Let 's lose the labels : from "  flip-flopper " to "  commie , " from "  fear-monger " to "  right-wing nut job . " Trash the diatribe ; mull the ideas . Let 's engage in some constructive lifestyle management , slowing down to ponder -- and make independent decisions -- as enlightened people . We can not allow the technological evolution to rob us of the intellectual strides of the American Revolution . We must value the art of listening , reflection , comparative analysis , and civil discourse if we 're to make the most of our democracy . In the process , we should signal to leaders that we 're willing to expand our horizons beyond party lines . Maybe they 'll get in front of our parade , collaborating for a change . Let 's request a second opinion and listen to each other . Switch channels . Visit different Web sites . Read a newspaper , while we can still find one . How about stepping into a town hall with an open mind , prepared to converse with people hailing from diverse circumstances ? A range of perspectives enriches our viewpoint , empowering us to craft nuanced responses to complex situations . Ultimately , we must stop thinking that the only thing to think is what we 've thought all along . As we learn more about multifaceted matters , our positions should evolve accordingly . Let 's accept that it 's OK to change your minds . In the end , opening our minds can only enhance the prognosis for our most cherished patient : America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : It 's become unfashionable to have an open mind about issues He says labels like "  socialism " and "  fascism " obscure the real choices He says it 's a sign of rationality to be open to the evidence Ruiz : Let 's listen to each other and take into consideration wider range of viewpoints
CNN  -- After a weekend of intense investigation , authorities are piecing together more details about Friday 's fatal shooting at Los Angeles International Airport -- including the suspect 's behavior earlier in the week and a warning from his family that may have come moments too late . Here is a rundown to get you up to speed : THE SUSPECT Paul Ciancia , 23 , of Los Angeles is charged with murder of a federal officer and commission of violence in an international airport . He was shot by officers Friday and was in critical condition at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center Sunday . A source said Ciancia was unable to speak to investigators . CLUES OF A MOTIVE A note found on Ciancia indicated he wanted to kill TSA employees to "  instill fear into their traitorous minds , " FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich said . According to someone who knew Ciancia and his three roommates well , Ciancia began asking for a ride to the airport days before the shooting . He claimed he needed to fly to New Jersey to help his sick father , but he never said what day he needed to leave , the source said . On Friday , Ciancia burst into a roommate 's room and demanded a ride to the airport immediately , said the source , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . The roommate obliged . Investigators do n't think the roommate had any idea of Ciancia 's plans . THE NEAR SAVE At around the same time , Ciancia was sending text messages to family members in Pennsville , New Jersey . Ciancia has no known history of mental illness , but he said in the texts that he was unhappy . And one message suggested something bad would happen . That alarmed Ciancia 's father enough to call Pennsville Police Chief Allen Cummings . Cummings , in turn , called Los Angeles police and asked them to check on Ciancia . Perhaps 45 minutes after Ciancia left for the airport , officers arrived at his apartment , said Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . The two roommates at home did not know where Ciancia and the other roommate had gone . THE ATTACK About 9:20 a.m. Friday , Ciancia walked up to a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint in Terminal 3 . He pulled a .223 - caliber assault rifle from a bag and shot TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez "  at point-blank range , " according to a court document filed by an FBI agent . Ciancia then went up an escalator but returned to shoot Hernandez again , apparently after seeing him move . He continued walking and shooting . Witnesses said he went from person to person , asking , "  Are you TSA ? " "  I just shook my head , " traveler Leon Saryan told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And he kept going . " THE VICTIMS Hernandez , 39 , was the first TSA officer to die in the line of duty since the agency was created in 2001 . "  He took pride in his duty for the American public and for the TSA mission , " his wife , Ana Hernandez , told reporters . The couple , who married in 1998 , had two children . Two other TSA officers -- James Speer , 54 , and Tony Grigsby , 36 -- were wounded but were released from the hospital . A traveler who was shot in the leg , 29-year-old Brian Ludmer of Lake Forest , Illinois , was in fair condition Sunday THE POLICE RESPONSE TSA officers are unarmed . So Ciancia was eventually shot multiple times in the chest by airport police officers . Airport Police Chief Patrick Gannon said the FBI told him his officers were 60 seconds behind Ciancia . He praised their response , even though he acknowledged that he had moved his officers away from positions inside the checkpoints during the past year . "  The threat ... at the airport does not exist behind security at that podium , the threat exists from the curbline on , " Gannon said . "  So ... we have our people stationed throughout the airport . " WHAT 'S NEXT ? If convicted , Ciancia could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole . The U.S. attorney general would decide whether to pursue a death sentence . TSA Administrator John Pistole said the shooting has prompted a review of security protocol with partner agencies . McCaul said better coordination with local law enforcement could improve security at checkpoints . But the congressman acknowledged that "  it 's very difficult to stop these types of attacks . " "  It 's almost like an open shopping mall , " he said .	Suspect Paul Ciancia , 23 , is in critical condition and could face the death penalty Wife of slain TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez , 39 , says her husband "  took pride in his duty " Police , responding to family concern , arrived at Ciancia 's apartment shortly after he left for airport The TSA chief says security protocol is under review
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik was indicted on charges of making false statements to White House officials vetting him for the secretary 's seat at the Department of Homeland Security in 2004 , federal prosecutors said Tuesday . Bernard Kerik served as New York City police commissioner from 1998 to 2002 . Kerik , who served as commissioner from 1998 to 2002 , allegedly gave false and misleading answers to Bush administration officials about his relationship with contractors who renovated his Riverdale apartment , according to the indictment handed up by a Washington grand jury . Prosecutors allege Kerik received and concealed benefits of about $ 255,000 in renovations to his home from contractors seeking to do business with the city of New York . In December , Kerik pleaded not guilty to another indictment in New York levying similar charges against him , but those charges were dismissed because the incident allegedly happened in Washington , officials said . Kerik 's attorney , Barry Berke , called the Washington indictment "  the latest example of the Department of Justice 's overzealous pursuit of high-profile public figures . " He said his client is confident he will be vindicated . Kerik , 53 , is a longtime friend and former protege of former Mayor Rudy Giuliani . Then-President George W. Bush nominated him for secretary of Homeland Security after winning re-election in 2004 , but Kerik withdrew his name amid allegations that he employed a nanny who had questionable immigration status .	Bernard Kerik faces charges of making false statements to White House officials Kerik was being vetted for secretary 's seat at Homeland Security in 2004 Prosecutors allege Kerik concealed about $ 255,000 in apartment renovations Kerik 's lawyer : Another example of "  overzealous pursuit " by Justice Department
