Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sage Stallone , the 36-year-old son of actor Sylvester Stallone , died of atherosclerosis , which brought on a heart attack , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County coroner said Thursday . Stallone was found dead in his Los Angeles home on July 13 by his housekeeper , who was asked by Stallone 's mother to check on him . No drugs were found in Stallone 's body other than an over-the-counter Tylenol-style pain medication , according to Lt. Fred Corral of the coroner 's office . Stallone 's family was recently notified of the findings , which will be detailed in a full autopsy report to be made public next week , Corral said . Sylvester Stallone made a public appeal last month for an end to "  speculation and questionable reporting " about his son using drugs . "  Because when a parent loses a child there is no greater pain , " Stallone said . "  Therefore I am imploring people to respect my wonderfully talented son 's memory and feel compassion for his loving mother , Sasha , because this agonizing loss will be felt for the rest of our lives . Sage was our first child and the center of our universe and I am humbly begging for all to have my son 's memory and soul left in peace . " Sudden celebrity deaths often draw early speculation about drug involvement in Hollywood , but in several recent cases the cause of death proved to be natural . Although the investigation into actor Corey Haim 's death two years ago began as a "  suspected prescription medication overdose , " toxicology tests "  revealed no significant contributing factors " from drugs , the coroner later concluded . Pneumonia , not drug abuse , killed Haim . Similar speculation about drug use followed the December 2009 death of actress Brittany Murphy . The coroner eventually ruled that Murphy died from a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and multiple drug intoxication . The drugs involved are legal and are used to treat respiratory infections , according to the autopsy report . Stallone was engaged to be married and was working on various film projects at the time of his death . He acted in several movies , including "  Daylight " and "  Rocky V " with his father . The younger Stallone also co-founded Grindhouse Releasing , a company that describes itself as "  dedicated to the restoration and preservation of motion pictures historically held in very low regard . " CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Over-the-counter pain medication only drug found in Stallone 's body , coroner says Sylvester Stallone had appealed for end to "  speculation " about his son using drugs Stallone was found dead in his Los Angeles home on July 13 by his housekeeper A full autopsy report is to be made public next week
NEW YORK  CNNMoney.com  -- Is cheese the answer for Cayuga County , New York ? Larry Rosenbaum surveys the field where he hopes to build a high-end specialty cheese factory . Like small towns all across America , this agricultural community is suffering , with unemployment approaching 10 percent . Entrepreneur Larry Rosenbaum thinks he can do his part to turn things around . For a decade , the insurance man by trade has been dreaming of building a factory for high-end specialty cheese . One key selling point : His product would meet the strictest standards of the Jewish and Muslim faiths . Rosenbaum says the demand for kosher and halal cheese is high but the selection is slim . So he 's been eyeing a plot of barren farmland between Aurelius and Auburn -- two Cayuga towns -- as the future home of a $ 40 million , 64,000-square-foot factory that would churn out feta and brie . The goal is for his company , Saratoga Cheese Corp. , to produce 30 million pounds of cheese in the first year and distribute it domestically and internationally . "  It 's the beginning of a trend of bringing back manufacturing industry to New York , " said Rosenbaum . According to the Public Policy Institute of New York State , manufacturing in New York declined more than 30 percent between 1997 and 2007 . Watch Rosenbaum talk about his plans " Rosenbaum estimates that Saratoga Cheese Corp. would bring 75 factory jobs and 150 temporary construction jobs to the region . Plans also include 50 yeshiva work-study students to be placed on participating farms . In addition , several rabbis and imams would supervise production . If Saratoga Cheese can get off the ground , it could mean a boost for local farmers like Dale Hemminger , who has agreed to supply kosher milk to Saratoga Cheese Corp. . Hemminger says it could be a crucial new market for his milk . And though he was at first skeptical of Rosenbaum 's plan , Hemminger says he admires Rosenbaum 's vision . But that vision is still $ 10 million short of becoming reality . Rosenbaum has secured $ 30 million in government grants , loans and private funding , but needs $ 40 million before Saratoga Cheese Corp. can break ground . Given the recession , securing the final amount is proving no small feat . According to Bill Teator , a board member of Saratoga Cheese Corp. , the best-case scenario is a combination of investment by a kosher dairy company and private lending . Teator says that though investors are confident about the business plan , the economic environment makes it tough to secure the needed cash . But support from local lawmakers is abundant . Republican state Sen. Michael Nozzolio is optimistic that Saratoga Cheese Corp. will find a home in his 54th District . And with an estimated $ 140 million in local revenue hanging in the balance , there 's reason to hope . Recession or not , Rosenbaum is steadfast in his belief . For him , it 's not a question of if the factory will get built , but when . "  We 're not going to quit until we make it , " says Rosenbaum . It 's a persistence that is necessary in a recession that has proved legendary .	Entrepreneur has long dreamed of building high-end specialty cheese factory He sees plot of barren farmland as future home of $ 40 million feta-and-brie plant Key selling point : Product would meet strict standards of Jewish , Muslim faiths He hopes factory can help turn around declines in manufacturing , employment
Hiroshi Yamauchi , who built Nintendo from a small playing-card company into a global video-gaming empire before buying the Seattle Mariners , died Thursday in Japan . He was 85 . Yamauchi took over the company from his ailing grandfather as a university student in 1949 and ran it until 2002 -- a remarkable span of 53 years . He guided Nintendo from its pre-electronic days as a maker of children 's games through its emergence as the creator of hugely popular video-gaming platforms such as the Nintendo Entertainment System , the Game Boy , hit games such as "  Donkey Kong , " and iconic characters such as Mario , the mustachioed Italian plumber . Nintendo confirmed the news Thursday in an e-mailed statement to media outlets . The company said Yamauchi died of pneumonia at a hospital in central Japan . "  The entire Nintendo group will carry on the spirit of Mr. Yamauchi by honoring , in our approach to entertainment , the sense of value he has taught us -- that there is merit in doing what is different -- and at the same time , by changing Nintendo in accordance with changing times , " said current Nintendo President Satoru Iwata in a statement sent to CNN . Forbes in April estimated Yamauchi 's net worth at $ 2.1 billion , placing him 831st on its list of the world 's richest billionaires . After Yamauchi stepped down Nintendo had another blockbuster hit with its Wii motion-control gaming system , although the company 's recent product launches have not fared so well . Although not a baseball fan , Yamauchi bought a majority stake in the Seattle Mariners in 1992 to help keep the team in the Pacific Northwest when it looked like it might be relocated to Florida . He famously never saw the Mariners play live . People we lost in 2013	Hiroshi Yamauchi built Nintendo from a playing-card company into a video-gaming empire He oversaw such successes as the Game Boy , "  Donkey Kong " and iconic characters such as Mario Yamauchi died Thursday in Japan at age 85
CNN  -- Ralph Verdi has been working for nearly 30 hours . You wo n't hear him complain . He says yes and no ma'am when a reporter stops him to ask him a question , even though he 's helping lead the rescue effort of three New Jersey towns that are drowning . Verdi works for the police in Little Ferry , a town of about 10,000 people that was flooded Tuesday as water kicked up by Sandy barreled over a natural berm . It took only about 30 minutes for Moonachie , a town of about 2,700 residents in Bergen County along the Hackensack River , to be nearly 6 feet under water . It 's also bad in another town , Carlstadt . Superstorm Sandy 's toll : Mounting deaths , historic destruction , stranded residents The surge floated rail cars onto the New Jersey Turnpike as railways were littered with trees and power lines . There are houses in the middle of Route 35 , and much of FunTown Amusement Pier in Seaside Park is washed out . A woman waved and shouted for help from her front porch as rescuers scrambled to save people in Bergen County . Hundreds of people have been whisked from rising water in their homes , many who climbed into boats that have navigated the murky water . Some wore pajamas and were barefoot . Mothers carried diaper bags and crying kids . Thousands more remain stranded , local officials said , in as much as 6 feet of water . "  We 're in search-and-rescue mode , " said Jeanne Baratta , chief of staff to the Bergen County executive . There are some reported injuries , but no one has learned of any deaths , Baratta said . Gov. Chris Christie was as blunt as he 's ever been . Christie told reporters that he did n't "  give a damn " about the presidential election , which will happen in a week . He said his only concern was making sure New Jersey residents were safe . Sandy 's devastation is "  beyond anything I thought I 'd ever see , " he said . "  The level of devastation at the Jersey Shore is unthinkable . " New Jersey officials are "  nowhere near " allowing many residents to return to their homes in flooded areas , Christie said . Chris Christie : Jersey Shore devastation ` unthinkable ' He plans to fly Tuesday to visit one of the most ravaged towns , but it 's unclear if there will be a place for the plane to land due to all the damage . Christie also said that every rail line in the state has been severely damaged . The governor added he 's confident that President Barack Obama and the federal government will work with New Jersey and that the state will rebuild . Obama will tour damaged areas of the state Wednesday , the White House said . While Christie spoke , rescuers in Moonachie charged up to second floors of homes , with helicopters hovering overhead . State police and the National Guard are helping . Rescue workers from Virginia are expected to arrive Tuesday afternoon , said Baratta , the Bergen County official . "  The rescue workers -- they 're phenomenal , " she said . "  They 're pulling together . " A mother in Bergen told CNN that she and her two children were about to go to sleep when they heard a loud noise , looked outside and saw people running in the street . Google maps Sandy flooding , power outages In an instant , water started rushing into their home . They did n't bother to pack anything up but yelled for each other and struggled out the door . The superstorm knocked out power along the Jersey City waterfront . CNN iReporter Marc Anderson , a photographer , said the power in his apartment building went out at 9 p.m. Monday and the basement filled up with about 8 inches of water . The sewers backed up , he said , and the smell was terrible . The neighborhood grocery store was a madhouse , he said , but everyone was just glad to be safe . Back in Moonachie , The Bergen Record spoke with Jan Gulino , who lives in a trailer park . She was among about 100 people at the Bergen County Technical High School shelter . She said she was watching TV at 1 a.m. when neighbors knocked on her door to tell her that her car was in deep water . Together , they managed to push the car to higher ground . A rescue crew arrived and ordered her out of her house because there was kerosene in the water . So Gulino grabbed her boxer , Max , and got on a boat , along with six neighbors . She was taken by truck , then bus , to the high school . She 's just happy to be with Max . "  I was n't going to go anywhere , " she told the paper , "  without him . " How you can help CNN 's Tom Cohen and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama is set to tour damaged areas of New Jersey on Wednesday NEW : Houses end up in the middle of highway ; rail cars float on turnpike NEW : Some flood victims were barefoot ; mothers carried diaper bags and babies as they fled The affected area is in Bergen County near New York City
CNN  -- No doubt , the Miami Heat 's current 27-game win streak is impressive . But the team still has a few games to go to top the 1971-1972 Los Angeles Lakers ' run of 33 straight consecutive victories . And the Heat would need a few lifetimes to surpass Jahangir Khan . Khan might not be a household name in NBA circles , but in Pakistan and the world of squash he 's huge . Forget LeBron James . When it comes to impressive winning streaks , Khan is king by virtue of his taking 555 straight matches between 1981 and 1986 . The squash star 's momentous mark is proof that there are record streaks everywhere . That includes in sports , yes , but also politics , business and more . Here 's a short list of 10 long-term milestones that might surprise you : 1 . The heat is on , and on , and on Death Valley , California , has that name for a reason . On July 10 , 1913 , the thermostat in a community called Furnace Creek topped out at 134 degrees Fahrenheit -- making it the hottest day ever recorded , anywhere . But the heat in this desert area is not only intense , it also endures . Take summer 2001 , when the high temperature met or exceeded 100 degrees for 154 consecutive days , according to the Death Valley National Park website . For those keeping score at home , that means every day for more than five months . Depends on your heat-warped perspective if you think summer 1996 was worse . In that time , the high temps soared to or past 110 degrees for 105 straight days -- and exceeded 120 degrees for 40 consecutive days . 2 . A really long shot on the court If the Heat cruise past the Lakers , they 'll have made NBA history . But not necessarily basketball history . In the late 1960s and 1970s , the pinnacle of perfection in the sport was coach John Wooden 's UCLA men 's basketball team . Amid a run of 11 straight NCAA titles , the Bruins reeled off 88 straight wins between 1971 and 1974 . That mark stood until late 2010 , when the University of Connecticut 's women 's hoops program under coach Geno Auriemma notched 90 straight wins . To put it in perspective for Miami , they 'd need to roughly triple their amount of victories to top that . 3 . ` One Sweet ' 16 weeks Since the 1950s , the Billboard Hot 100 chart has been home to the biggest names in the music biz : Elvis Presley . Michael Jackson . The Beatles . So , who was the biggest of them all , when it came to consecutive weeks as the No. 1 song ? None other than Boyz II Men and Mariah Carey , together singing "  One Sweet Day . " The song held the Hot 100 's top spot for 16 weeks , beating out Whitney Houston 's "  I Will Always Love You " and Boyz II Men 's "  I 'll Make Love To You " by two weeks . "  Macarena " and Elton John 's "  Candle in the Wind , " among others , later made a run at the top honor only to fall short . For a single , topping the charts for basically four months is a stellar feat . Still , it 's one that falls well short of Billboard 's most consecutive weeks for a chart-topping album . That record belongs to the "  West Side Story " soundtrack , which was first on the Billboard 200 for 54 weeks in 1962 and 1963 , an accomplishment not even Jackson 's "  Thriller " could match . 4 . Up for 21 years running , down under For the past few years , a recession has gripped much of the world . In the early 2000s , the United States and some other economies dipped in the months and years after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Before that , the tech bubble burst . Basically , there 's been a roller-coaster of bad and good news . Except in Australia , where it 's been all good . According to the Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan , Australia has notched 21 straight years of annual economic growth . Among other advanced economies , the next closest competitor , Israel , is n't even halfway there . In other words , no developed country comes close . This streak is n't over . So there 's no telling if Australia will turn things upside down even more , by hurdling or skirting economic obstacles to grow for another 21 years straight . 5 . Most famous for being a loser ? By most any measure , Susan Lucci has had an extraordinary career : as a long-running soap opera standout , a reality show star , an author and an entrepreneur . Still , the measure that many most affiliate Lucci with is how many times she lost . Eighteen , to be exact . That 's the number of times the "  All My Children " star had been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award , and also how many times she went home empty-handed . Her bad luck ended in 1999 , when she finally broke through on her 19th try with a best actress award . It was a win for her , but also the moment she lost hold of one of her biggest claims to fame . 6 . The Democratic bastion of Alabama Follow current presidential politics , and the states do n't get much more Republican red than Alabama . In 2012 , GOP nominee Mitt Romney crushed President Barack Obama with 61 % of the vote . Sen. John McCain , the Republicans ' standard bearer , got the same percentage four years earlier . But what some outside the South may not realize is that , when McCain ran , Democrats still had power in Montgomery -- just as , seemingly , they always had . While it may seem the opposite holds true now , the South was once as staunchly Democratic as they come . But that started to change , especially in national politics , in the 1970s and 1980s . Alabama was part of that tide , having last voted for a Democratic presidential candidate -- by the name of Jimmy Carter , the governor of neighboring Georgia -- in 1976 . But state politics was an entirely different story . It was n't until the November 2010 election that Republicans were able to win a majority of seats in both chambers of the Alabama state legislature . 7 . American juggernaut Talent shows are nothing new , being found in most every town and seemingly most every television network nowadays . In this clutter , especially with so many entertainment options , it 's hard to break through and remain in front year after year after year . Then how do you explain "  American Idol " ? There have been popular shows for generations , but none have had the success of "  American Idol . " For eight years running , the Fox network show topped the Nielsen charts as the nation 's most watched program , year in and year out . In 2011 -- more than a year after CNN and others reported on the program 's ratings "  slide " -- the "  American Idol " Wednesday night show still topped the Nielsen yearly chart . No. 2 ? "  American Idol 's " Thursday program . The streak ended in 2012 , when NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football " took Nielsen 's top spot . Still , "  American Idol " could take solace having already left other legendary TV shows -- "  Seinfeld , " "  All in the Family " and "  M * A * S * H " among them -- in its wake . 8 . Newspapers that keep rolling Some have said newspapers are dying . Then again , sometimes that happens when you 're hundreds of years old . But while many have gone out of print , some publications are still going -- under the same name , and just as ready to grab and read as they were centuries ago . While the international honor for longest continuous published newspaper is subject to some debate , one title in contention is Italy 's La Gazzetta di Mantova . That paper was founded in 1664 and is still around , website included . There 's less dispute in the United States , albeit two newspapers do boast the "  oldest newspaper " title . One is the New Hampshire Gazette , a bi-weekly paper that first rolled off the presses in 1756 , some 20 years before the birth of the United States . The other is the Hartford Courant  originally The Connecticut Courant  , a daily that bills itself as "  the country 's oldest newspaper in continuous publication " by virtue of its founding in 1764 . 9 . Mexico 's party of record -- for 71 years Mexico gained independence from its colonial rulers in 1821 , experiencing periods of stability and tumult in the subsequent decades . But for most of the 20th century , political stasis dominated the country , under the guise of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party . The party also known as PRI began in 1929 , 19 years after the launch of the revolution aimed at unseating dictator Porfirio Diaz . Despite or , perhaps , because of criticisms that it was authoritarian and corrupt , the party won 12 consecutive national elections , which occurred roughly every six years . It was n't just Mexico City the party controlled : The PRI held most top local and state positions as well , at least until the 1990s . But its 12-election , 71-year winning streak ended in 2000 , when the right-wing National Action Party broke through and Vicente Fox became Mexico 's president . Its ouster from power , however , was n't permanent . In 2012 , PRI unseated its rival party and regained the presidency under Enrique Pena Nieto . 10 . Where have you gone , Joe DiMaggio ? 56 . In American sports lore , that number speaks for itself . It is forever attached to legendary New York Yankees slugger Joe DiMaggio and his magical run during the 1941 baseball season . During his career , which was interrupted about halfway by his service in World War II , DiMaggio compiled 361 home runs and a career .325 batting average . That was enough to win him a place in the National Baseball Hall of Fame and , in 1969 , the distinction as the sport 's greatest living player . But it 's the streak , it seems , that may be his most enduring legacy . Every season , it seems , a player makes a run at the 56-game hitting streak . And every season , he falls woefully short . CNN 's Julie In contributed to this report .	The Miami Heat have won 27 straight games and are aiming for an NBA record 33 This is one of many streaks , in all different fields , that have made history Jahangir Khan won 555 straight squash matches ; Susan Lucci lost 18 Emmys before winning From DiMaggio to "  American Idol " to Australia 's economy , there 's no end to streaks
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton denied Tuesday he had accused Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign of "  playing the race card " during an interview Monday . Bill Clinton is facing tough questions Tuesday over an interview with a Delaware radio station . A recording of the former president making the comment is posted on the WHYY Web site . It says he made the comment in a telephone interview with the Philadelphia public radio station Monday night . Clinton was asked whether his remarks comparing Obama 's strong showing in South Carolina to that of Jesse Jackson in 1988 had been a mistake given their impact on his wife Sen. Hillary Clinton 's campaign . "  No , I think that they played the race card on me , " said Clinton , "  and we now know from memos from the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along . " Listen to the full interview "  We were talking about South Carolina political history and this was used out of context and twisted for political purposes by the Obama campaign to try to breed resentment elsewhere . And you know , do I regret saying it ? No . Do I regret that it was used that way ? I certainly do . But you really got to go some to try to portray me as a racist . " After the phone interview , a stray comment of his on the issue was also recorded before he hung up : "  I do n't think I should take any s *** from anybody on that , do you ? " Watch Bill Clinton respond to controversy " But outside a Pittsburgh campaign event Tuesday , a reporter asked Clinton what he had meant "  when you said the Obama campaign was playing the race card on you ? " Clinton responded : "  When did I say that and to whom did I say that ? " Watch more of the Clintons on the trail in Pennsylvania " "  You have mischaracterized it to get another cheap story to divert the American people from the real urgent issues before us , and I choose not to play your games today , " Clinton added . "  I said what I said -- you can go back and look at the interview , and if you will be real honest you will also report what the question was and what the answer was . But I 'm not helping you . " Clinton did not respond when asked what he meant when he charged that the Obama campaign had a memo in which they said they had planned to play the race card . Meanwhile , at a Pittsburgh press availability on Tuesday , Obama was asked about Clinton 's charge that his campaign had drawn up plans to use "  the race card . " "  Hold on a second , " he said . "  So former President Clinton dismissed my victory in South Carolina as being similar to Jesse Jackson and he is suggesting that somehow I had something to do with it ? " Watch Obama 's full comments " "  You better ask him what he meant by that . I have no idea what he meant . These were words that came out of his mouth . Not words that came out of mine . " Clinton commented just before the South Carolina primary that "  Jesse Jackson won South Carolina in '84 and ' 88 . Jackson ran a good campaign . And Obama ran a good campaign here . " E-mail to a friend CNN Associate Political Editor Rebecca Sinderbrand , CNN political producers Alexander Marquardt , Ed Hornick and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Bill Clinton in interview Monday : Obama camp "  played the race card on me " On Tuesday he denied he had accused Obama 's campaign of it Clinton : "  When did I say that and to whom did I say that ? " A recording of former president 's comment is posted on WHYY Web site
CNN  -- Buckle up ! The political conventions in Tampa and Charlotte over the next two weeks will throw the 2012 election campaigns into high gear , and send it careering down a mean , rocky road toward one of the most important choices Americans have made in half a century . Only twice before in the lives of most voters have we seen an election offering such radically different visions about the role of government in national life . The first was 1964 , when Lyndon Baines Johnson was holding up the Democratic standard , calling for government to create a Great Society with a cornucopia of new federal programs . On the other side , Barry Goldwater had seized the Republican banner from previously-dominant moderates and crusaded on the most conservative agenda in six decades , seeking to push back not only the Great Society , but much of the New Deal . "  Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice and ... moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue ! " Goldwater declared to thunderous applause at the GOP convention . It was a bare-knuckles fight , but LBJ was campaigning in John F. Kennedy 's cloak and Goldwater 's proposals were seen as scary and radical . LBJ swept to a crushing victory . Score one for bigger government . The second "  choice " election came in 1980 , when , after a decade of failed leadership , a man came galloping out of the West who seemed the most improbable of figures to get the country going again . And he was carrying with him many of Goldwater 's ideas . But Ronald Regan turned out to be a strong leader with a million-dollar smile ; Jimmy Carter , a man better suited to be a saint than a politician , went down decisively . Score one for smaller government . This year 's election is shaping up to be a rubber match with major implications for the country 's future . Gov. Mitt Romney 's choice of Paul Ryan as his running mate has dialed up the ideological contrast between the two tickets , while both sides have been throwing sharp elbows at each other  even by the low standards of American politics  . The harshening words and diverging visions speak to an election that breaks somewhat with tradition . Time was , as Chris Cillizza at the Washington Post and others have pointed out , the playbook was simple : run to the base in the primary and pivot back to the middle in the general election , winning over as many of the voters in the middle as you can .  In economics , this effect is called Hotelling 's Game and is otherwise normally used to explain why gas stations all seem to be on the same corner . But this election features a small number of genuinely undecided voters -- and high negatives for both party candidates , as Karl Rove notes in Thursday 's Wall Street Journal . So ,  although Rove would disagree  the dominant strategy has become playing to the base . That explains Romney 's picking Paul Ryan , but it also explains why partisans of both sides rejoiced when Ryan was picked : His strong conservative beliefs fire up the Democratic base as well as the Republican one . If anything , this year 's choice is starker than in 1980 : Reagan had a pragmatic streak , so he was willing to compromise to get a deal done and keep moving forward  Tip O'Neill used to say that the Gipper would win more than half a loaf and come back for the rest later  . Romney and Ryan , however , reinforced by the tea party , show no inclination to compromise . On the Democratic side , aides to President Obama are spreading the word that , if he wins , he has had enough of trying to accommodate the Republicans and will also be more confrontational . Whether the two sides will seize upon their conventions to set forth more complete , detailed plans for the next four years remains to be seen . So far , they have refused to go beyond vagaries and harsh , trivial attacks on each other . Most voters are yearning for more courage and less bile . But there should be no doubt that the two tickets stand behind radically different visions of the role of government and individuals . Under President Obama , federal spending is now 24 % of GDP , far higher than in recent decades . While Obama talks of trimming , his most thoughtful advisers think the government is likely to grow in coming years no matter who wins  see Larry Summers 's provocative column in the Financial Times this week  . In contrast , Romney has vowed to get federal spending down to 20 % . That difference may not sound like much , but it roughly equates to over half a trillion dollars each year . At a time when 10,000 Baby Boomers are becoming eligible for Medicare and Social Security each day , going from 24 % to 20 % of GDP would mean massive cuts . Presented with a stark choice between bigger government and smaller government , where are voters likely to come down ? That is a question that has interested scholars for a long time . Some years ago , political scientists Lloyd Free and Hadley Cantril observed that Americans were "  philosophical conservatives " but "  operational liberals , " that is , they would tell pollsters they wanted to keep government small , taxes down and socialism out . But when asked if they wanted the government to spend more on programs and benefits , they were all for it . In the coming election , we may have finally reached a point of reckoning between these two conflicting impulses . And so , while conventions are generally the place for sweeping statements , the winning ticket will need to be able to speak operationally as well as philosophically . All this makes for a dramatic series of addresses , not just from Mitt Romney and President Obama , but from their parties ' top messengers : people like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro . These conventions will offer them a chance to make a firm case to the American people on which kind of government , both operationally and philosophically , they should choose . Looming over that choice is the question of whether , at the end of this campaign , the winner can actually govern . Certainly , the raucous , often vicious nature of the combat so far has not been encouraging . One of us  David  has been attending conventions for some 40 years and has witnessed a distinct change in tone ; listening to the hot rhetoric in both conventions in 2004 , it suddenly became comprehensible how the country could have wound up in Civil War back in 1861 after another election full of ramifications for the nation 's future . And the chasms between the two parties continue to widen before us . A deeply illuminating study , released a few days ago by the Washington Post and the Kaiser Family Foundation , has shown that over the past 14 years , the percentages of Democrats and Republicans who consider themselves "  strong partisans " has shot up by about 20 points in each case . So , in pushing voters to make a choice between sharply different visions , it is also imperative that the candidates look beyond November to the next four years , figuring out how they will bring the country together again when the brawl is over . The acceptance speeches are not just a moment to rally the base , they are also a place to begin laying the foundations of a successful presidency . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen and Michael Zuckerman .	David Gergen , Michael Zuckerman : GOP convention jump-starts general election They say it 's a "  choice " election , presenting radically different visions about government 's role Writers : Election breaks tradition , not pivoting to center for general , but staying with base Writers : Vote may force voters reckoning with stark question : Big government or small ?
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- An Army computer investigator testified late Sunday that a search of military computers used by Pfc. Bradley Manning in Iraq revealed that he had downloaded the same secret documents and videos that were released online by WikiLeaks . This was the first testimony in Manning 's preliminary military hearing appearing to link him to WikiLeaks . The Army private faces 22 charges -- foremost among them , aiding the enemy -- after being accused of distributing hundreds of thousands of secret government documents to the website WikiLeaks , which then posted them online . The Army investigator , Special Agent David Shaver , said that the search of Manning 's computer revealed the electronic footprints of which documents Manning had collected and when . He said there were computer code references to hundreds of thousands of secret State and Defense Department documents on the computers , and in some cases the full documents themselves . In addition he mentioned finding on Manning 's computer videos that also were leaked , with one showing a U.S. Apache helicopter attack that killed two Reuters journalists in Baghdad in 2007 And Shaver said a forensic analysis of Manning 's computers showed Manning had searched for information about WikiLeaks more than 100 times , as well as information about WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . "  A lot of the searches seemed out of place , " Shaver testified . Manning is accused of stealing and leaking State and Defense Department secrets while serving as an intelligence analyst in Iraq in 2009 and 2010 . Shaver said his investigation also found that Manning had created a small computer program to download a large amount of files automatically . Manning 's defense team gets a chance Monday morning to cross examine the Army computer expert . This third day of the Article 32 hearing is the latest stop along the road to a possible court martial of Manning on multiple charges including aiding the enemy and publishing government secrets on the Internet . The presiding investigating officer said the hearing would go into closed session Monday morning to consider classified information . The hearing went into closed-to-the-public session Sunday afternoon for more than an hour to consider the same issue . During the day , Manning -- who turned 24 Saturday -- chatted with his civilian and military lawyers sitting beside him and appeared to pay close attention to the testimony . He seemed unruffled about lengthy descriptions of his emotional outbursts in Iraq , or the details of the searches of his computers . Earlier Sunday , military prosecutors portrayed Manning as a highly skilled , calculating traitor -- in sharp contrast to the defense argument that he was a uniquely talented soldier who was picked on by colleagues and was struggling to come to grips with his sexual identity . The alleged crimes occurred at a forward operating base in Iraq , where Manning and others worked 12-hour shifts inside a secure computer room sifting through reports of insurgent threats as well as downloading games , music and movies . The private was there between November 2009 and May 2010 , when he was arrested . Manning was widely recognized for his computer skills , as well as being known for his emotional outbursts -- like scuffling with co-workers , slamming his fist on tables and even being seemingly unresponsive as he stared at his computer screen , according to testimony over the first three days of the preliminary hearing at Fort Meade , which is located between Washington and Baltimore . An officer who supervised the private said Sunday that she 'd recommended that he be removed from the computer room outside Baghdad after he fought with a fellow soldier . Capt. Casey Fulton , the first witness on the hearing 's third day , said she also recommended that Manning 's weapon be taken away . At the same time , Fulton described the Army private -- who had access to classified government computer networks -- as trained , experienced and knowledgeable . She agreed with a defense attorney that Manning was her "  go-to analyst " on various computer projects . "  He was very good in researching and compiling data , " Fulton said . Numerous witnesses have described Manning 's work as an intelligence analyst at a forward operating base in Iraq . It was during that stint that he is accused of downloading secret documents and distributing them . In response to defense questions , Fulton described how music , movies and games had been downloaded to government computers . Manning is accused of downloading government documents while pretending to listen to a Lady GaGa CD . Fulton conceded it was impossible to monitor everyone inside the computer room , known as a Sensitive Compartmentalized Computer Facility . "  There is only a limited amount of supervisors ; we ca n't supervise everyone every second of the day , " Fulton said . A computer expert who worked in Iraq as a private contractor testified that Manning boasted about his computer skills . "  He said , ` If people knew what I did with computers , they would be amazed , ' " said Jason Allen Milliman . "  He seemed kind of serious and kind of joking at the same time . I did n't know how to take him . " Milliman said the computer that Manning shared with Sgt. Chad Madaras -- with the former working the day shift , and the latter the night shift -- had an unusual amount of problems . Testifying by telephone from Fort Drum , New York , Madaras said the computer would be running smoothly when he left for the day , only to have problems when he returned 12 hours later . He told prosecutors he had never tried to access records of terrorist detainees held at Guantanamo Navy Base in Cuba or other secret government sites . And he said he never used Manning 's computer profile and did n't know any of his passwords . Manning 's civilian defense attorney , David Coombs , clashed again Sunday with the presiding officer , Lt. Col. Paul Almanza , when he repeatedly asked Madaras whether the private had been picked on . Coombs complained the investigating officer "  should not arbitrarily limit cross-examination . " Madaras described emotional outbursts by Manning in the secure computer facility at base , located outside Baghdad . On one occasion , he said that Manning became non-responsive , sitting and staring at his computer screen . "  Did he seem to be an outcast in the unit ? " Coombs asked . "  Yes , sir , " Madaras replied . Two witnesses called to testify Sunday -- Sgt. 1st Class Paul Adkins and Warrant Officer Kyle Bolonek -- refused to answer questions , invoking their right to remain silent . It was not clear why both men , who had worked with Manning in Iraq , did n't answer questions . Adkins has been reduced in rank , from master sergeant to sergeant first class . The Defense Department has said 15 military personnel were disciplined in the aftermath of the WikiLeaks scandal . The military also subsequently restricted the number of people who could download secret information . It instituted new rules requiring two people to authorize any downloads , and set up alerts whenever there is any mass transfer of information . At the time of Manning 's last deployment to Iraq , there was no technology to block soldiers from downloading and stealing massive amounts of government secrets , a military computer expert testified Sunday . Capt. Thomas Cherepko said intelligence analysts like Manning could move information back and forth from their official computers and a shared computer hard drive . Testifying by telephone , he said there was nothing preventing a soldier from burning a CD of classified information , taking the CD , and then distributing whatever files were on it . "  The only thing preventing that is trust , " said Cherepko , who served with Manning at the same base in Iraq . The captain said that no other soldier in Manning 's unit did anything to exploit weaknesses in the computer system and transfer material to a personal computer . Each person using the secret government computer system had to read and sign a document agreeing to secrecy and security rules . Once the investigation was launched , this document for Manning could not be found , according to Cherepko . Earlier testimony in the preliminary hearing portrayed Manning as someone troubled by Army discipline during his deployment to Iraq , and who was struggling with sexual orientation and gender identification issues . If convicted on all counts , Manning could face the death penalty . However , Army prosecutors have signaled they will not recommend death in the event of a conviction , and it is unlikely they would be overruled by a senior officer .	NEW : Investigator : Manning 's computer had secret documents and videos NEW : They were the same documents and videos later on WikiLeaks An expert says only "  trust " prevented soldiers from downloading classified info Manning is accused of leaking classified documents to WikiLeaks , among other charges
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka lived up to her to billing with a tenacious three set victory over Maria Sharapova to reach the U.S. Open final against 14-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams who dispatched Italy 's Sara Errani in two sets late Friday . Azarenka recovered from a set and a break down to win a grueling battle against the Russian third seed after two hours 42 minutes on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court at Flushing Meadows . The Belarus star had continuously pressed on the Sharapova service in the decider and finally made the breakthrough in the 10th and final game . A first match point was saved by 2006 champion Sharapova , but reigning Australian Open champion Azarenka worked another opening with more determined play to win the match 3-6 , 6-2 , 6-4 . "  To come back was pretty difficult because Maria is a terrific fighter , " she told Sky Sports after her win . "  I just had to try to stay focused and when I had the opportunity I had to set it up , " she added . Azarenka will take on Serena Williams in the final after the American made fast work of her semi-final defeat of Italy 's Sara Errani . Williams knocked out underdog Errani in just over one hour , 6-1 , 6-2 . "  I just try first set to be a bit more on the defense , to receive a bit more far away , and play her high balls and try to make that game -- then was not so good , so I changed and try to be a bit more aggressive , " said the 25-year-old Errani . "  In any case , it was very difficult , " she added . Wiliams is the only player left in the women 's 2012 singles draw not to have dropped a set , matching the record of men 's defending champion Novak Djokovic . In last year 's U.S. Open , Williams beat Azarenka in the third round , 6-1 , 7-6  5  . The fourth seed has a 9-1 head-to-head advantage against the Belarussia over the course of the careers , including wins in the 2012 Wimbledon and Olympic semifinals . "  I do n't have anything to lose , " said Williams . "  I feel like I 'm going up against I personally think the most consistent and the best player this year , being Victoria Azarenka ... it will be a good challenge for me . " Earlier , there was a popular home win in the men 's doubles as the Bryan brothers , Bob and Mike , won a record equaling 12th grand slam title as they beat Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek 6-3 6-4 in the final . The Bryans also took gold in the Olympic doubles for the United States .	Victoria Azarenka into final of U.S. Open for the first time World No. 1 Azarenka beats Maria Sharapova 3-6 6-2 6-4 Serena Williams defeats Italy 's Sara Errani 6-1 , 6-2 Contest will be Williams ' sixth U.S. Open final
CNN  -- When origami enthusiast Uyen Nguyen discusses her art , you quickly understand that it is about a lot more than folding paper . "  In many ways it has been therapeutic , " she says . "  I find the process of folding paper to be almost meditative . "  Origami can be used to create incredibly realistic forms , not just to the likeness of say , an insect , but down to the exact species of that particular insect with proportions of its body segment true to real life . At the other end of the spectrum , you can mold paper to create the most abstract of forms beautiful because of their inherent structure instead of their likeness to real life forms . As someone interested in both science and art , I love that origami bridges the two . " Worldwide movement Now Nguyen is bringing her passion to the people of New York City . For the exhibition Surface to Structure : Folded Forms , which will take place at New York 's Cooper Union from June 19 to July 4 , Nguyen has gathered more than 130 works from 88 artists around the world . The exhibition includes adorable rabbits folded by Malaysian origamist Ng Boon Choon , and a realistic rendering of a field mouse by American Bernie Peyton . But it also includes "  St. Michael -- The Archangel " , a more ominous work by Vietnamese origamist Tran Trung Hieu . It shows a winged angel carrying a sword . The exhibition marks the 55th anniversary of the 1959 exhibition Plane Geometry and Fancy Figures -- the first origami exhibition held in the United States , which also took place inside Cooper Union . So far Nguyen has raised more than $ 24,000 of the $ 32,000 she needs to cover the cost of shipping the works , organizing security and building display cases . Collectively the works demonstrate how origami artists are pushing the boundaries of technique and style . Transcending language barriers In the 1950s , Japanese organist Akira Yoshizawa helped popularize the art by creating a universal system of diagramming , which involved arrows and illustrations rather than words . His book allowed people across the world to learn the craft and to easily construct pre-existing designs . But today artists have moved beyond that , with many using software that helps them dream up and then fold their elaborate works . "  Most origami involves folding one sheet of paper into some final form , " Nguyen says . "  Modular origami uses multiple sheets of paper , folded into identical units , and takes these units and interlocks them , without cuts or adhesive , to obtain a final form that is usually very angular and representative of geometric solids . A couple of my designs add embellishments onto the surfaces of these polyhedra . " Regional variations in the art are becoming smaller and smaller as more people learn about origami via the Internet . However , Nguyen says that she observed a few patterns among artists while curating her exhibition . Vietnamese artists tend to be masters of wet folding , which creates soft , gentle bends rather than sharp creases . "  Their styles can be somewhat minimalist , and there is so much beauty in their simplicity , " she says . "  The Japanese tend to be more calculated and precise with their folding , which can allow for a huge amount of detail and complexity . I think the European style of origami lies somewhere between these two extremes . " Read more : Origami -- a perfect blend of math and art Read more : Amazing technicolor coats of Sydney Opera House Read more : Intricate gems from Malaysia 's golden age of jewelry reveal cross road of cultures	A new exhibition in New York showcases the art of origami Those who practice the discipline say it bridges science and art Today , origami artists use software to help them design their intricate creations .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Misdemeanor assault charges have been dropped against "  24 " star Kiefer Sutherland in a head-butting incident at a New York City nightclub , according to Alicia Maxey Greene , spokeswoman for the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . Kiefer Sutherland turns himself in to the NYPD on May 7 . Charges against him have been dropped . "  We decided to drop the charge after a full investigation , including after speaking to a complaining witness , who was uncooperative , " Greene told CNN Tuesday . The charges stem from an incident in which Sutherland allegedly head-butted designer Jack McCollough at a New York City nightclub in May . McCollough had claimed he was "  the victim of a vicious , violent , unprovoked assault , " according to a statement released after the incident from McCollough 's publicist . . Several weeks after the incident , Sutherland and McCollough issued a joint statement , through Sutherland 's attorney , in which Sutherland apologized .	Manhattan DA 's office : Misdemeanor assault charges against actor dropped Charges stemmed from alleged head-butting incident at New York club in May Kiefer Sutherland stars in the hit television drama "  24 "
CNN  -- Firefighters in Texas worked Monday to contain fast-moving wildfires that had destroyed at least 60 homes , burned more than 130,000 acres , and caused an accident that killed a 5-year-old child , state forestry officials said . The fires broke out about noon on Sunday , said Lewis Kearney , a spokesman for the forest service 's Texas State Lone Star Incident Management Team . Officials believe many were started by power lines that fell from high winds . Since Sunday , forestry officials , who were called in to assist local fire departments , responded to 63 fires covering 132,854 acres , the Texas Forest Service said on its website . Most of the fires were across the Texas Panhandle , Kearney said . Potter County Sheriff Brian Thomas said a 61,000-acre fire in his county was ignited when a man cut pipe with a metal grinder in high wind Sunday . Austin Lynn Stephens , 52 , was arrested and charged with criminal trespass because he was on private property when he was using the grinder . Firefighters battled blazes in a dozen other counties including a 35,000-acre fire in Matador West in Motley County , and a 21,000-acre fire in Andrews County . They also fought fires in the counties of Haskell , Tom Green , Randall , Howard , Midland , Scurry , Motley , Crockett , Mitchell and Eastland . Crews that worked through the night to douse the flames got a little help from the weather Monday . The wind that propelled the fires was somewhat calmer , although it was still breezy and parts of the area remained under a fire-weather watch . Kearney said Sunday 's high winds made it difficult for firefighters to use aircraft to battle the blaze . Interstate 20 was shut down for several hours Sunday after heavy smoke from the fires limited visibility . Authorities in Midland County responded to numerous accidents along the highway , including an eight-vehicle crash in which a little girl died , according to Sgt. Pete Cordova . One wildfire destroyed a dog kennel near Amarillo , said Capt. Wes Hall of the Amarillo Fire Department . Authorities were trying to account Monday for the animals missing or dead after the fire tore through the Willow Creek Kennel . Firefighters were able to open cages to free at least some of the dogs before the flames overtook the facility . As many as 27 homes were destroyed in the area and "  the fire was on the kennel in a matter of minutes , " employee Chance Smith said , adding he did not have an exact number of dogs lost . In the community of Matador , north of Lubbock , families could do nothing but watch as their homes burned to the ground . The Segovias had n't been gone 20 minutes when they returned to a panic-stricken neighborhood and found they had lost everything they owned . "  To know everything you worked so hard for , it 's all gone , " a tearful Juan Segovia told CNN affiliate KCBD . He and his wife , Rosemary , stared in disbelief at the blaze . The family of seven is without a home , but grateful for what was not lost . "  I 'm glad our family was n't home when it happened , " Rosemary Segovia said before falling into her husband 's arms . "  That 's all I care about is I have my family . " One firefighter sustained second-degree burns battling a blaze near Colorado City , where a nursing home had to be evacuated before the fast moving flames swept through . And a Potter County sheriff 's deputy narrowly escaped the flames while searching homes after a mandatory evacuation was ordered for the Mesilla Park area . Deputy Kevin Parvin entered a home as the flames were bearing down on the neighborhood , Thomas said , and by the time he left the home , the smoke was so thick he could n't find his patrol car . Parvin had left the car running , and he followed the sound of a squeaking engine belt to find it and radio for assistance , Thomas said . He was treated for minor smoke inhalation . No other injuries were reported . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	Man accused of sparking one fire with a metal grinder More than 130,000 acres have burned in 63 fires in Texas , the state forest service says At least one fatality is reported from fire , according to authorities Calmer winds may help firefighters , forestry officials say
CNN  -- Hours after a North Carolina police chief issued a tearful plea for help in locating a registered sex offender suspected in the death of his 23-year-old daughter , the man was arrested in upstate New York , authorities said Monday . Michael Neal Harvey , 34 , was arrested without incident by FBI agents and U.S. marshals in Niagara Falls , New York , on Monday morning in connection with the death of Valerie Hamilton , according to a statement issued by Charlotte-Mecklenburg , North Carolina , police . Detectives from Charlotte were on the way to New York to interview Harvey and "  work on the extradition process , " the statement said . Harvey was located inside a house in Niagara Falls , said Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe . The town was one of the places authorities thought he might flee , because he has relatives there , Monroe said . Warrants for Harvey were issued on murder and auto theft charges , police said . A stolen 1996 Chevy Blazer that police had said Harvey was last seen driving also was recovered in Niagara Falls , Charlotte-Mecklenburg police said . Authorities earlier had issued a description of the vehicle . Earlier Monday , Hamilton 's father , Merl Hamilton , the chief of police of Concord , North Carolina , about 30 miles northeast of Charlotte , issued a tearful plea on "  Good Morning America " for help locating the suspect . "  I just want to get this guy now , " he said . Valerie Hamilton , who lived in Charlotte , was last seen between 12:30 and 1:30 a.m. Wednesday at the Thomas Street Tavern in Charlotte with a man believed to be Harvey . Her friends and family became concerned when she failed to show up at the Little Otter Swim School , where she worked as a children 's swim coach , according to CNN affiliate WSOC . "  It 's not like her not to show up and let us know , " her boss , John Kirk , told the station . He described Valerie Hamilton as "  one of those bright , shining people that a kid ca n't cry around . " After several days of searching , Valerie Hamilton 's body was found in a Charlotte storage unit late Saturday . Monroe said repeated witness interviews and "  very aggressive investigation " led authorities to the storage unit . He said the cause and manner of death was not immediately known , but an autopsy was being conducted Monday . When the body was found , it was wrapped , he said , and authorities avoided disturbing it as much as possible , he said . The cause and manner of Valerie Hamilton 's death , when determined , could result in additional charges being filed or the modification of existing charges , he said . Investigators are focusing on several areas , including a hotel where media reports said Harvey was thought to have stayed and the storage unit where the body was found . Authorities are not sure whether Valerie Hamilton was abducted or left the tavern willingly with Harvey , Monroe said . "  Just trying to rehash Miss Hamilton 's steps ... led us to Mr. Harvey , " he said . Authorities believe Valerie Hamilton was killed shortly after she was last seen , and her body had been in the storage unit for a couple of days , Monroe said . When a reporter from CNN affiliate WVIB in Buffalo , New York , approached Harvey 's relatives over the weekend , they refused to go on camera . "  He has n't been here in six years , " an unidentified man told the station . "  Leave . That 's my comment . " Monroe said authorities had not found a connection between Harvey 's relatives and the house where he was located . "  I want to ask my law enforcement brothers and sisters across the country to help me with this , " Merl Hamilton said Monday on ABC . "  I 'm trying to stay strong , and they know what it means because the cameras are on -- but he took my daughter , guys . And play it right , play by the rules , but y' all get out there and find this guy for me , and when it comes my way , I 'll pay you back . " Harvey is a registered sex offender with a 1996 first-degree sex offense conviction out of New York , according to the state sex offender registry website . WIVB and the Charlotte Observer newspaper reported he had served time in prison . He also has a lengthy police record in North Carolina , including drug and weapons charges , Charlotte-Mecklenburg police spokeswoman Officer Rosalyn Harrington said . Monroe said police had gotten word that Harvey knew he was wanted . "  I do n't think it came as any real surprise to him that authorities were able to locate him , " he said . Neighbors of Harvey 's family described their Niagara Falls neighborhood as a quiet one , where families remain for a number of years , WIVB said . Concord is "  a very close-knit community , " Mayor Scott Padgett said on "  Good Morning America . " He said there had been a "  tremendous outpouring " of support for the chief and his family . Hamilton told ABC young women should remember the safety lessons they have been taught . "  It carries into when you 're in your 20s , " he said . " ... Make sure these men treat you with respect , and be safe . " Asked to describe his daughter , the chief said , "  She was a good kid . She was a wonderful kid . She lived her life to take care of children . That 's all she wanted to do . She was the perfect daughter , and I miss her , and I need justice for her and I need folks to be looking for this guy . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Police have recovered the vehicle the suspect was thought to be driving The suspect was arrested in Niagara Falls , New York The body of 23-year-old Valerie Hamilton was found Saturday Her father , a police chief , issued a tearful plea Monday
Almost half of boys and one in five girls in Jordan 's capital city , Amman , believe that killing a woman who has "  dishonored , " or shamed , her family is justifiable , a study of teenagers ' attitudes published Thursday revealed . A third of all teenagers involved in the study by researchers at Britain 's Cambridge University advocated so-called honor murders . Exclusive : How my brother tried to kill me in ` honor attack ' A key finding was that support for honor crimes was not connected to religious beliefs , but is far more likely in adolescent boys with low education backgrounds from traditional families . Professor Manuel Eisner and Cambridge graduate student Lana Ghuneim interviewed more than 850 teenagers , with an average age of 15 , for the study , published in the journal Aggressive Behavior . Disappearance , then discovery leads to ` honor killing ' outrage Honor crimes can include physical assaults , rape , acid attacks and disfigurement , as well as murder . They can be triggered by a range of acts thought to bring shame on the family , from premarital sex to adultery to pregnancy outside marriage , or even contact by the woman with a man who is not a relation . The researchers say their study is one of the first to attempt to gauge cultural attitudes about honor murders in the region . It found that attitudes in support of honor murders "  are anchored in a broader system of beliefs about patriarchal authority and dominance , and assumptions about female virginity and chastity . " This means that any attempt to change views would probably need to tackle the broader cultural support for patriarchal dominance , it said . ` Honor ' crime : Why just kissing a boy can trigger murder In total , 33.4 % of all those surveyed either "  agreed " or "  strongly agreed " with situations depicting honor killings . Boys were more than twice as likely to support honor killings : 46.1 % of boys and 22.1 % of girls agreed with at least two honor killing situations in the questionnaire . About six in 10 teenagers from the lowest level of educational background showed supportive attitudes towards honor killing , as opposed to about one in five where at least one family member has a university degree . Teenagers who had a large number of siblings were more likely to condone honor killings than those from smaller families , the study found . Belief Blog : Islam does n't justify ` honor murders , ' experts insist "  While we found the main demographic in support of HKA  honor killing attitudes  to be boys in traditional families with low levels of education , we noted substantial minorities of girls , well-educated and even irreligious teenagers who consider honor killing morally right , suggesting a persisting society-wide support for the tradition , " said Eisner . "  Any meaningful attempt to reduce attitudes in support of such practices requires a broader societal commitment , including coherent messages against honor-related violence from political and religious elites , and decisive action by the criminal justice system . " Jordan has a long traditional of honor crimes , the researchers note , although it has taken steps in recent years to pass stricter laws against the practice . Until 2001 , an article of the Jordanian Penal Code stated that a man who "  catches his wife , or one of his female close relatives committing adultery with another , and he kills wounds or injures one or both of them , is exempt from any penalty . " In line with new legislation passed since then , a special court was set up in 2009 to prosecute honor crimes , the researchers say . But their study indicates attitudes are not necessarily changing in line with new legislation , even in a younger generation .	Researchers look at attitudes about "  honor " murders among teenagers in Amman , Jordan A third of more than 850 teenagers surveyed believe honor killings are justifiable Study : Support is "  anchored in a broader system of beliefs about patriarchal authority " Teenage boys with low education backgrounds are more likely to condone honor killings
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- A few years ago , researchers at Cornell made a remarkable discovery : When unsuspecting diners were given self-refilling bowls , they consumed almost twice as much soup as those with normal bowls . In other words , it was the quantity in the bowl that determined how much they ate , not their appetite . While researchers are only recently discovering the power of serving sizes , manufacturers have been manipulating consumers in this way for years , from stealthily shrinking the size of yogurt containers to super-sizing sodas . Now it 's time for the government to take advantage of the power of portion size to save lives . We already know we should reduce the size of many of our food products -- not to mention our waistlines -- but there 's another item that needs to go on a diet : the pack of cigarettes . It 's time for the 10-cigarette pack . The government mandates 20 cigarettes per pack . But cigarette packs with fewer cigarettes could bolster willpower and help smokers quit . Let 's imagine that you are one of the 70 % of smokers who want to quit or cut back . Craving a cigarette , you have no option but to buy the full pack of 20 -- leaving 19 readily available to soon entice you . Would changing the pack size really help smokers quit ? Many smokers do n't purchase cartons , because they want to limit their smoking . They are willing to pay a higher price per cigarette to limit availability , fearing that easy access would increase their smoking . Now is the time to consider this move . Congress recently gave the Food and Drug Administration the jurisdiction to regulate tobacco products . Before this congressional act , the FDA could regulate nicotine replacement therapies such as the patch and gum , but not the far more toxic tobacco . Now , the FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate the manufacturing , marketing and sales of tobacco products . In fact , the FDA is developing new tobacco regulations ; it should consider portion size . Most smokers actually want fewer cigarettes . The average number of cigarettes smoked per day declined among daily smokers from almost 19.6 in 1993 to not quite 16.8 in 2004 , according to the National Center for Health Statistics . Nondaily smokers consume even fewer cigarettes per day . A smaller pack can nudge smokers to smoke even less , just as buying only a pint of ice cream is safer for a dieter than buying a gallon . Evidence suggests that those who cut back are more likely to quit . Think about it : We could change what it means to be a pack-a-day smoker . The reason that we have the 20-cigarette pack is to prevent youths from smoking by keeping the price high . While preventing teen smoking is critical , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , only about 14 % of youths who smoke buy their own cigarettes directly from a store . The rest get them from family and friends . Moreover , cigarette prices are higher than ever because of increased federal , state and even city excise taxes -- perhaps making friends and family less likely to share and teens even less likely to buy . We have other ways to prevent kids from picking up the habit . For example , under the latest FDA regulations , flavored cigarettes that appeal to youths are banned , as is all outdoor advertising within 1,000 feet of schools . And it is still illegal to sell to people younger than 18 . Now that most smokers are trying to quit or cut back , we should allow or require smaller packs . If the size of the bowl can determine how much soup you eat , imagine what the size of the pack could do in determining how many cigarettes you smoke . It 's time to find out how much size matters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jody Sindelar .	Cigarette packs with fewer cigarettes could bolster willpower , Jody Sindelar says If you 're craving a cigarette , the only buying option is the full pack of 20 , she says Sindelar : FDA can now regulate the manufacturing , marketing and sales of tobacco products "  Think about it : We could change what it means to be a pack-a-day smoker , " she says
CNN  These are good times for anti-smoking campaigners . But you would n't know it from listening to their rhetoric . At the urging of anti-tobacco activists , the Department of Transportation is proposing to ban electronic cigarette use aboard aircraft . This impending regulation not only defies medical evidence but makes a mockery of the law in the process . The use of e-cigarettes among U.S. adults more than doubled between 2010 and 2013 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The tobacco industry predicts e-cigarette sales will surpass traditional cigarettes in the coming decades . This signals great progress from a harm-reduction standpoint , since the best available scientific evidence suggests that while e-cigarettes may bring health risks , they are far smaller than those associated with tobacco smoking . Yet , anti-tobacco campaigners are increasingly agitating for strict rules against e-cigarette use , perversely threatening advances in public health . The risks associated with e-cigarettes are borne exclusively by the users , not the people around them . Unlike tobacco cigarettes , vaporizers do not produce harmful "  sidestream " emissions -- the smoke released directly into the air from the end of lit cigarettes , which produces 85 % of secondhand smoke and virtually all of its associated risks . As for the "  mainstream " smoke inhaled by smokers , many of its harmful compounds are partially retained within the smoker 's body , which acts as a filter before it is exhaled into the surrounding air . There is simply no evidence that secondhand aerosols exhaled by e-cigarette users endanger non-users . As Dr. Joel Nitzkin , a former co-chair of the Tobacco Control Task Force of the American Association of Public Health Physicians , said , " -LSB- T -RSB- here is no public health justification for banning e-cigarette use in no-smoking areas . " Anti-tobacco activists who disingenuously equate vapor and tobacco smoke may perversely convince smokers to reject far safer e-cigarette alternatives . Consumers should not be misled to believe e-cigarettes , which do not produce tobacco smoke and its many concentrated toxins , pose the same risks as smoked tobacco . To be sure , airlines should be free to ban e-cigarettes aboard their aircraft if they so choose . But just like the use of cell phones on planes  or a passenger 's odoriferous perfume , for that matter  , the risks posed by e-cigarettes do not justify federal regulation . In 2011 , the Department of Transportation initiated a regulatory proceeding to reinterpret "  smoke " and "  smoking , " in order to extend the existing federal ban on in-flight smoking to e-cigarettes . Now years delayed , the department quietly indicated in mid-January that it plans to finally issue a rule by the end of April to prohibit e-cigarette use aboard aircraft . Such an action runs counter to congressional intent and constitutes an illegal expansion of regulatory power . The DOT states that Congress ' intent in prohibiting smoking in the skies was to "  improve air quality within the aircraft , reduce the risk of adverse health effects on passengers and crewmembers , and enhance aviation safety and passenger comfort . " The law was intended to address secondhand smoke , and the department concedes "  a vapor , rather than smoke , is produced . " So how does the Department of Transportation justify its proposal ? By noting , that e-cigarettes "  require an inhalation and exhalation similar to smoking cigarettes . " So , by DOT 's logic , when Congress referred to "  smoke " and "  smoking , " it meant anything that might vaguely resemble smoke and smoking , rather than smoke itself and its resulting harms , even though Congress enacted a clear law in which the terms "  smoke " and "  smoking " are not ambiguous . The Department of Transportation has no authority to regulate vaping , an area over which it has no jurisdiction . It may claim that it is simply interpreting "  smoking " to cover the use of e-cigarettes , but as the Supreme Court has made it clear , an "  agency may not bootstrap itself into an area in which it has no jurisdiction " by stretching the language of a statute . Regardless of one 's views on whether airlines should permit e-cigarette use on their flights or not , the Department of Transportation 's attempt to rewrite a law passed by Congress is an unlawful abuse of power . The looming in-flight e-cigarette ban has far more to do with pushing a nanny-state agenda than promoting illusory public health benefits .	Department of Transportation has a proposal to ban e-cigarettes in planes Marc Scribner : This has more to do with pushing a nanny-state agenda than promoting public health benefits
CNN  -- South Korea launched an investigation Tuesday into reports of toxic chemicals being dumped at a former U.S. military base , the Defense Ministry said . The tests follow allegations of American soldiers burying chemicals on Korean soil . The first tests are being carried out by a joint military , government and civilian task force at the site of what was Camp Mercer , west of Seoul . "  Soil and underground water will be taken in the areas where toxic chemicals were allegedly buried , " said the statement from the South Korean Defense Ministry . Once testing is finished , the government will decide on how to test more than 80 other sites -- all former bases . The alarm was raised this month when a U.S. veteran alleged barrels of the toxic herbicide Agent Orange were buried at an American base in South Korea in the late 1970s . Two of his fellow soldiers corroborated his story about Camp Carroll , about 185 miles  300 kilometers  southeast of the capital , Seoul . "  We 've been working very closely with the Korean government since we had the initial claims , " said Lt. Gen. John Johnson , who is heading the Camp Carroll Task Force . "  If we get evidence that there is a risk to health , we are going to fix it . " A joint U.S. - South Korean investigation is being conducted at Camp Carroll to test the validity of allegations . The U.S. military sprayed Agent Orange from planes onto jungles in Vietnam to kill vegetation in an effort to expose guerrilla fighters . Exposure to the chemical has been blamed for a wide variety of ailments , including certain forms of cancer and nerve disorders . It has also been linked to birth defects , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs . Journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report .	U.S. and South Korea teams are searching for chemicals at former military bases Toxic chemicals were buried at a U.S. in the 1970s , a American veteran alleges Agent Orange has been linked to some cancers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor 's husband holds the title of prince but he may look more like a movie pirate for the next two weeks as he wears a patch over an eye . The patch protects an eye that Prince Frederic Von Anhalt accidentally glued shut Tuesday morning , publicist John Blanchette said . "  It was dark and he grabbed his wife 's nail glue instead of eye drops , " Blanchette said . "  It was stupid , " Von Anhalt said after a doctor repaired the damage at a Beverly Hills eye clinic . When Von Anhalt returned to his Bel Air , California , home later Tuesday morning he moved his wife 's nail glue from the couple 's bathroom . "  She does n't use it anymore , " Von Anhalt said . Von Anhalt , 68 , will have to wear the patch over his right eye for two weeks , he said . Gabor , 93 , suffered an eye injury years ago when she mistakenly used "  crazy glue " on her eyelashes , her daughter Francesca Hilton said . She has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , Von Anhalt said . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . Gabor underwent hip replacement surgery last summer after she fell from her bed . The Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " in 1952 , "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 , and Orson Welles ' 1958 cult classic , "  Touch of Evil . " Her sisters are deceased -- Eva in 1995 and Magda in 1997 .	Prince Frederic Von Anhalt accidently glued his right eye shut A Beverly Hills doctor repaired his eye Tuesday morning Von Anhalt has moved his actress-wife 's nail glue
New Delhi  CNN  In the final hours of a visit meant to demonstrate the deep societal ties between the U.S. and India , President Barack Obama briefly broke from his gushing praise for the new Prime Minister to make a soft but undisguised push toward gender equality and religious freedom . Speaking to an audience of students and activists in New Delhi on Tuesday , Obama declared the U.S. was India 's best-suited partner as it makes rapid economic advances and appears poised to overtake China to become the world 's most populous nation . But he did n't veil his take on recent attacks against women here , urging the country away from violence against women and religious minorities . Recent rapes in India have put a harsh focus on India 's gender politics . "  Every girl 's life matters , " Obama said in New Delhi . "  Every daughter deserves the same chance as our sons . And every woman should be able to go about her day -- to walk the street or ride the bus -- and be safe and be treated with the respect and dignity that she deserves . " Sexual assaults became a high-profile problem in India after a young woman was gang-raped on a bus in New Delhi in 2012 . The victim later died . Subsequent incidents of sexual violence -- including at the hands of an Uber driver -- placed global scrutiny on India 's laws and culture . Obama traveled to India in the hopes of capitalizing on the deep personal warmth he 's quickly developed with new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , whose effervescent welcome for the American President was covered enthusiastically and exhaustively by Indian media . That 's a distant cry from Modi 's arrival in the United States in September , which was marred by awkward questions over his visa status . Modi , a member of the right-wing Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party , had previously been denied entry to the U.S. for an alleged role in a massacre of Muslims . Obama said Tuesday that it was the responsibility of every citizen to uphold the freedom of religion that 's enshrined in India 's constitution . "  Every person has the right to practice their faith how they choose , or to practice no faith at all , and to do so free from persecution and fear , " Obama said . Obama 's parting speech Tuesday was one of his few moments apart from Modi during his stay in India . The pair hugged upon Obama 's arrival , sipped tea and meandered through a formal garden , and sat for hours behind rain-splattered bulletproof glass reviewing the annual Republic Day parade . White House officials say that the level of personal interaction between the leaders exceeded even their already high expectations , and that the relationship greased the way for progress on a civilian nuclear deal to allow U.S. firms to construct power plants in India . Both sides also moved toward more defense cooperation and trade pacts . But despite their talk of cooperation , obvious differences persist between the U.S. and India that could preclude cooperation on areas like combating climate change . During his remarks Tuesday , Obama said India must commit to reducing emissions that cause climate change , even as the manufacturing and power plants that produce that pollution drive India to new economic heights . "  Here 's the truth : Even if countries like the United States curb our emissions , if growing countries like India -- with soaring energy needs -- do n't also embrace cleaner fuels , then we do n't stand a chance against climate change , " Obama said .	"  Every girl 's life matters , " Obama says in New Delhi "  Every person has the right to practice their faith how they choose , or to practice no faith at all , " he says Sexual assaults became a high-profile problem in India after a 2012 rape on a New Delhi bus
Washington , D.C.  CNN  -- At a time when our nation 's top university is more diverse than ever before , Harvard 's recent decision to honor its former professor Marty Peretz on Friday for setting up an undergraduate research fund in his name comes as a big , disappointing surprise . The spotlight is finally shining on Peretz , editor-in-chief of The New Republic , and his history of racist comments against Muslims , Latinos , blacks and others . Here is the latest blog-post calumny : "  Muslim life is cheap , most notably to Muslims " and "  I wonder whether I need honor these people and pretend that they are worthy of the privileges of the First Amendment , which I have in my gut the sense that they will abuse . " I and other Muslim-Americans are accustomed to Peretz 's outlandish statements . But I felt betrayed that my alma mater would choose to honor someone with such views . I studied the U.S. Constitution and the civil rights movement in Harvard 's libraries . I learned about morality and tolerance from its professors . I felt accepted in its cosmopolitan student body . This decision to honor Peretz harks back to a chapter of Harvard 's and America 's history that we as a nation have wisely chosen to move past . Despite the voices raised against it , the university just reaffirmed its decision to recognize him -- although it appears he will no longer speak at the gathering -- citing Peretz 's apology . In fact , his carefully worded response to New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof 's criticism merely apologizes for his "  embarrassing " remarks on the First Amendment . To add salt to the wound , he adds that Muslim life being cheap "  is a statement of fact , not value . " This comes in the wake of his series of shockingly ignorant comments that have galvanized student groups on campus to protest Harvard 's decision to honor him . An example : In discussing Mexican-American relations , Peretz wrote of "  Latin society with all of its characteristic deficiencies : congenital corruption , authoritarian government , anarchic politics , near-tropical work habits , stifling social mores , Catholic dogma ... and increasingly violent modes of conflict . " In another display of ignorance , he claimed "  So many in the black population are afflicted by cultural deficiencies . " Ironically , Harvard University cites Peretz 's right to free speech as a justification for recognizing a man who says millions of Muslim-Americans are not worthy of the privilege . But the free speech defense appears to be obfuscation , diverting our attention from what is most troubling about this affair . As Abdelnasser Rashid , who began mobilizing Harvard students to respond , explained to me : "  The university lends legitimacy and gives a platform to his racist views by honoring him at this prestigious celebration . " The Harvard platform for Peretz gives racism an intellectual cast and authority and that is a very dangerous thing . When groups like the Tea Parties espouse bigoted views , they are more easily dismissed . But when Harvard chooses to distinguish a man who cloaks his prejudice in intellectual jargon , and then gives him additional credibility by choosing to recognize him out of thousands of its distinguished alumni , it makes scholarship a haven for prejudice . Peretz contends that certain qualities exist in cultures that do n't , in reality , and moreover he claims that these things are innate , a method of sophisticated racism that has existed wherever hatred has manifested itself -- most painfully during World War II Germany . Remember , not too long ago , even in American universities , disciplines from biology to psychology justified the inferiority of women , blacks , and Native Americans . Harvard would be wise to move forward and not backward . When a prominent intellectual promotes such racist ideology , it makes such views more palatable . Many people find it difficult to recognize that educated people can hold ignorant views , and it is even more difficult to challenge such scholarly authority . Indeed , Peretz 's elite background and lofty connections had several people mitigating his recent comments on Muslims as an "  oversimplification " instead of what it really is : untrue and odious . And the timing of the tribute to someone who rationalizes racism could n't have been more dismal . During the past holy month of Ramadan , we saw an outpouring of intolerance toward Muslim-Americans , from the ground zero mosque protests to the acts of vandalism and threats against mosques around the country that continue to this day . I do n't think the majority of Americans hate their Muslim neighbors , but when a group is being ostracized , it is easy to just be thankful it 's not you . But note that this mentality has always left an aching wound in our past . Last month , conscious individuals like New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg restored vision to many Americans ' blind eye , but someone who has a history of doing the opposite is being honored instead . The unintended consequence of Peretz 's recent comment is that it situates Islamophobia within the larger context of racism at large . As his diversely racist comments indicate , hatred is rarely faithful to one group . The Peretz affair is a small aftershock of the racial and religious tensions that have shaken our nation over the past couple of months . Its silver lining is that it has mobilized hundreds of students from different backgrounds to unite against bigotry -- something we can all learn from . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Nafees Syed .	Nafees Syed : Harvard is honoring Marty Peretz , who said "  Muslim life is cheap " She says she feels betrayed that alma mater would honor man who espouses such views As ex-Harvard prof and New Republic 's editor , Peretz lends legitimacy to bigotry , she says To honor him , she says , lends credibility to all his derogatory remarks about many groups
CNN  -- Old habits die hard . Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber will tell you that . The former emergency room doctor was on his way to dinner Monday evening when he noticed a woman in need of help in downtown Portland . So , of course , he did what any trained physician would . He ordered his driver to stop . And using medical equipment he had in his car , he performed CPR until the paramedics arrived . The woman had "  apparently overdosed " on heroin , the governor 's spokeswoman Nkenge Harmon Johnson said . She was taken to a local hospital , but her condition was n't immediately known . Not the first time Monday 's incident was n't the first time Kitzhaber has put his medical training to use , long after leaving the ER scrubs behind . During a gubernatorial debate in 2010 , someone in the audience suffered a heart seizure . The debate was interrupted for about 20 minutes as Kitzhaber rushed down the aisle and tended to the man -- making sure his airways were clear and he was breathing -- until medics arrived . In 2005 , Kitzhaber ran after an intruder and trapped him in a revolving door . Going for the record books The Democratic governor was first elected in 1994 and re-elected four years later . After eight years out of office , Kitzhaber won election in 2010 to a historic third term as Oregon governor . In December , he announced that he 'll run for re-election this year -- for an unprecedented fourth term as Oregon governor . Oregon limits governors to two consecutive terms in office . But there are no limits on the number of total terms . When a baby stops breathing , Florida motorists pitch in to help To perform CPR or not ?	Kitzhaber was on his way to dinner when he noticed the woman It is n't the first time he 's put his medical training to use During a debate in 2010 , he helped a man having a seizure He also once chased an intruder
New York  CNN  -- When chef and food aficionado Ali El Sayed opened the Kebab Caf in Astoria , New York City , some 24 years ago , few there had even heard of Egyptian cuisine . He was the first to open an Egyptian business on Steinway Street , a bustling neighborhood in the borough of Queens , and a small-business hub now known as "  Little Egypt . " It 's long been a home to immigrants -- first Germans , then Italians and Greeks , and most recently , Arabs . Almost half of Queens businesses are minority owned and together they bring in an average of $ 7 billion annually . While it typifies the growth of many American neighborhoods , Little Egypt also boasts one of the most diverse populations in the United States , according to recent census results . Foreign-born residents in the borough come from over 100 different nations . El Sayed embraces the new immigrants he 's seen settle here in his 40-plus years in Astoria . "  The  neighborhood it changes because if a neighborhood does n't change it means it 's a dead neighborhood , " he said . And this neighborhood has certainly changed . From selling hookah pipes , to selling Islamic clothes , recently arrived merchants from North Africa have found ways to set-up shop . The U.S. government estimates that 60,000 Egyptian Americans live in the tri-state area of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut , with more than 21,000 of them in New York City . Merchants here are n't just at the whim of shifting tastes and the demands of new arrivals . Like business owners everywhere , they 're also susceptible to changes in the national economy . El Sayed 's brother , Moustafa Abdel Rahman , is chef at the Mombar Restaurant across the road . He knows first hand the perils of change . "  You know the recession affects everybody -- the recession , 9/11 all these things ... the snow affects this business , " he said . For him , as for many of the immigrants who pass through here , less income has far-reaching consequences . Many merchants in Little Egypt work with one goal in mind -- to support the families they left behind . Nile Deli owner Hesam Makhlos has relatives in Egypt who depend on him . "  A lot of people support his family back home , " said Makhlos . "  At least if you send like $ 100 a month to support your family , if you have a wife over there or if you have a sister or a mother . A lot of people need help . " And they depend on each other here too , El Sayed explained . "  We believe that money goes around and we want to take care of our neighborhood and our merchants , " he said . El Sayed practices what he preaches , shopping daily in the local markets to stock his restaurant 's kitchen . Supporting the neighborhood is not his only impetus . Immigrants with common origins often have common ideals . Mohamed Zohny is the owner of the Islam Fashion store . He prefers doing business with other Muslims in Little Egypt . "  This is only Halal money , like for example , there is no liquor , no ham , no pork , nothing ; everything is 100 % . I know it is Halal , " he said .	Steinway Street , in Astoria , New York City , is known as "  Little Egypt " The area has long been a home to immigrants , including Germans , Italians and Greeks Many merchants there work to support their families in Egypt As in the rest of the United States , traders in Little Egypt have been hit by the recession
Leslie Sanchez is a Republican political strategist and co-chair of the Hispanic Alliance for Prosperity Institute  www.hapinstitute.net  , a pro-business advocacy organization . She was director of the Bush administration 's White House Initiative on Hispanic Education from 2001 to 2003 and is CEO of the Impacto Group , which specializes in market research about women and Hispanics . Leslie Sanchez says it remains to be seen if Sotomayor agrees with the broader Hispanic community 's values . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration has no intention of pushing comprehensive immigration reform any time soon , but with his nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court , the president may have found a suitable consolation prize for the Hispanic community . A prize is due . Hispanics gave 67 percent of their votes to President Obama , delivering key states like Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico to his electoral column , and sending him two new Democratic senators and three new House Democrats from those states alone . But the problem with identity politics is that not just any Hispanic will do . Obama made clear he wanted to pick a justice who would have empathy for those whose cases come before the court . As impressive as Sotomayor 's life story is , it remains to be seen whether she truly has the much-talked-about "  empathy " for Hispanic values and dreams . If Sotomayor is truly representative of our values , she will understand that the entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in the Hispanic community and is our best hope for moving Hispanic households solidly into the ranks of the American middle class . In a study earlier this year , HispanTelligence , the research arm of Hispanic Business magazine , confirmed that there are at least 2.2 million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. , generating about $ 388 billion in combined revenue . Empathy with the lives of millions of Hispanics today means that she must appreciate the impact of federal , state and municipal tax and regulatory schemes on individuals and small businesses alike . Her writings should reflect the view that access to the marketplace is a constitutional guarantee no less important than freedoms of speech , religion or assembly . If she understands the hopes and aspirations of the Hispanic community , she should have a record of interpreting the Commerce Clause of the Constitution in ways that encourage individual risk-taking , free enterprise and job creation , not in ways that discourage it . Likewise , Sotomayor should show evidence of being suspicious of government 's power . Many Hispanics are fresh from regimes where the rule of law has been crushed or never existed ; we know that with centralized power comes arrogance , and that bureaucracies inevitably become cold , callous , unyielding and corrupt . She should be imbued with a core appreciation that our Constitution establishes a government of limited , enumerated powers , and should have a record of writings and decisions that support the conclusion that she will err on the side of limiting , not expanding , the powers and influence of government . Like all other immigrants , Hispanics came here with the hope of acquiring property for themselves and their children . We treasure as sacred our own homes , farms and land , and we know there is often little practical difference between broad government restrictions on the use and enjoyment of that property and its being taken outright . As a Supreme Court justice , Sotomayor should believe , as we Hispanics do , that the Constitution affords us due process and just compensation in either case -- and that no property should be taken unless there is a legitimate public use . As everyone knows , at the core of the Hispanic experience are our families and the opportunity to freely exercise our religion . The next justice , if she is empathetic to our lives and values , will protect the sanctity of the family and of life itself . Obama 's nomination of the first Latina to the Supreme Court is a historic moment that has moved each of us , but our pride will be fleeting if she does n't really share Hispanic values . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Sanchez .	Leslie Sanchez : Obama sought a high-court nominee who would show empathy But , Sanchez asks , as a justice , who would Sotomayor empathize with ? Hispanic community places high value on entrepreneurship and family , she says Sanchez : Will Sotomayor share those values if confirmed to the court ?
CNN  The first major storm of 2015 is amounting to just about every kind of ornery mess by Old Man Winter . This weekend 's storms will threaten havoc everywhere east of the Rockies with possible record cold , rain , snow and even tornadoes . Even West Texas was receiving heavy flurries Saturday , with up to 6 inches near Amarillo , where vehicles struggled to gain traction on ice and packed snow . In all , 55 million people in 24 states were facing winter storm watches , warnings and advisories Saturday . Freezing rain and snow is falling or is expected to descend on a vast swath from the Northern Rockies to the Great Plains toward New England . Storms are to soak the Southeast and may produce a few tornadoes and hail affecting 10 million people on the Gulf Coast from Louisiana to Alabama , CNN meteorologist Michael Guy said . The Northern Plains and surrounding states are expected to feel "  the coldest outbreak of arctic air " since last winter , said another CNN meteorologist , Karen Maginnis . Wind-chill factors could become dangerous at minus-30 degrees in those plains . The National Weather Service predicted the storm "  will produce a variety of hazardous weather as it moves from the lower Mississippi Valley towards the Great Lakes this weekend . " "  A swath of wintry precipitation is forecast from the Plains to the Great Lakes and Mid-Atlantic on Saturday , while severe storms and heavy rain are possible in parts of the Gulf Coast into the mid-South , " the service added . More than half the country is to be whipsawed by a front moving up from the Gulf on Saturday and then by another down from Canada on Sunday , the service said . A Saturday storm is expected to deliver rain and thunderstorms from the lower Mississippi Valley to the Northeast . That moisture is expected to translate to snow in the upper Great Lakes and the Northeast . On Sunday , that rain is projected to intensify to a heavy downfall over the Mid-Atlantic coast and southern New England , the service said . Meanwhile , a Canadian cold front will drop over the Great Plains to the Gulf of Mexico by Sunday morning , the service projected . "  The system will produce snow over the Northern High Plains/Rockies to parts of the Upper Mississippi Valley that will move southward to the Central Rockies/Plains by Saturday evening , " the service said . Even the Northwest will be affected and could receive moderate to heavy rain along the coast and snow in the intermountain regions , forecasters say .	"  The coldest outbreak of arctic air " since last winter may threaten Northern Plains Snow , freezing rain will fall in Northern Rockies , Great Plains , toward New England Tornadoes could hit Gulf Coast as rains should soak Southeast
CNN  -- The capture over the weekend in Tripoli , Libya , of Abu Anas al Libi , a suspected terrorist on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , was clearly a triumph for the U.S. military and intelligence agencies . But was it a victory for the rule of law ? While senior administration officials have portrayed it as such , the jury is still out . If the government of Libya is to be believed  and there is reason to be skeptical  the United States did not inform Libya of its plan to capture al Libi , much less ask permission . In fact , they have referred to his capture and swift removal from Libya as a "  kidnapping . " The more proper legal term for what the United States did to al Libi is a "  rendition " -- the abduction or forced removal of someone from their home country without administrative or judicial process , followed by transfer to another country . Libya questions U.S. ambassador over al Libi capture If done without the consent of the host government , this is indeed a violation of that nation 's sovereignty , but a much less serious one than conducting a drone strike or other use of military force . As for the detained individual , there is no remedy for such a violation . According to a 1992 U.S. Supreme Court case , even an illegal rendition will not prevent a properly indicted defendant from being tried in federal court . And that is where al Libi should be delivered in the near future . Even if the United States did not inform Libya of its plans , if the United States had evidence of ongoing involvement with al Qaeda , the capture of al Libi was justified under the laws of war . Importantly , both Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel expressed the propriety of the capture under the laws of war and the importance of the rule of law in conducting counterterrorism operations . According to a Defense Department statement , al Libi is being "  lawfully detained under the law of war in a secure location outside of Libya " -- apparently a U.S. Navy warship in the Mediterranean -- where he is being interrogated . The United States appears to be following the hybrid approach to counterterrorism developed in the case of Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame . Warsame , a Somalian , was captured by military forces on April 19 , 2011 , then held and subjected to intelligence interrogation , with no Miranda warning , for more than two months aboard a U.S. Navy ship in the Indian Ocean , before being brought to the United States to face federal criminal charges . What the terror raids say about an ` Obama Doctrine ' Warsame pleaded guilty in December 2011 to nine charges and has provided extensive cooperation to federal authorities , in an effort to receive a reduced sentence . The Warsame case is an excellent example of how military , intelligence and law enforcement assets can be utilized to efficiently remove a terrorist threat from circulation in a legally supportable way while still eliciting valuable intelligence , and is a good template for the United States to follow in al Libi 's case . Al Libi was indicted in 2000 for his alleged role in the U.S. embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 and his involvement with al Qaeda . Interestingly , al Libi was charged in the same indictment as Ahmed Ghailani . The differential treatment of these two alleged co-conspirators demonstrates how U.S. counterterrorism efforts have evolved from the Bush administration to the Obama administration . Ghailani was captured in Pakistan in July 2004 . When Pakistani authorities transferred him to U.S. custody , he was not brought to New York to face the federal indictment . Rather , he was taken to a secret CIA internment camp where he was subjected to a harsh CIA interrogation regime for two years before being transferred to Guantanamo in 2006 . Ghailani was later charged before a military commission in Guantanamo in October 2008 , just weeks before President Obama was elected . These charges were dismissed in May 2009 when Ghailani was transferred to the United States to face the federal charges . He was convicted in November 2010 , 6 1/2 years after his capture . Ghailani was the only Guantanamo detainee to be transferred to the United States for trial . Although Ghailani received a life sentence for his role in the African embassy bombings , some key evidence against him was suppressed by the federal district court judge because it had been acquired through coercion . This decision may have contributed to Ghailani 's acquittal on all but one of the dozens of charges in the indictment . Ghailani 's "  near acquittal " played a significant role in Congress ' decision to block the transfer of any further Guantanamo detainees to the United States for any reason , including prosecution in federal court . Because of this ill-advised restriction , coupled with strict conditions imposed by Congress limiting the transfer of detainees to third countries , the Obama administration has wisely opted not to bring any new terrorism suspects to Guantanamo . Opinion : Good thing U.S. terrorist hunters were n't furloughed The president should resist calls , such as made in a recent Wall Street Journal op-ed , to bring al Libi to Guantanamo and try him before a military commission . Such suggestions ignore the impact of recent U.S. Court of Appeals rulings that have properly limited the charges that may be brought in military commissions , particularly for pre-2006 activity , to recognized international war crimes . Based on the offenses listed in al Libi 's indictment , it is not at all clear that prosecution in a military commission is a viable option . Secretary of Defense Hagel stated that the purpose of the targeted military operations this weekend in Somalia and Libya was "  to bring international terrorists to justice . " The best chance to accomplish this is to find out what al Libi knows through humane , noncoercive interrogation , then promptly bring him to trial in federal court in New York . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frakt .	David Frakt : Seizure of Abu Anas al Libi being hailed as triumph for rule of law He says the situation is n't clear and it appears Libya government might not have been told Putting al-Libi on trial in regular court would be a good thing for rule of law , he says Frakt : Obama should resist calls to send him to Guantanamo and try him in military court
CNN  -- It may have one of the fastest growing economies in the world -- but if you 're young and out of work in Africa , the future remains bleak . The search for employment is a daily struggle for 24-year-old Sherrif Mohamed . He 's one of millions of young unemployed Africans whose lives have stalled , despite economic growth across the continent . Sherrif lives in Egypt , where until recently he was pursuing a university education . The revolution that ousted Hosni Mubarak forced him out of school and into a job market , which has continued to worsen . The uprising kept tourists away and investors out -- and Egypt is yet to recover . Around 30 % of 18 to 29-year-olds are now out of work -- a figure that 's echoed across Africa . Sherrif 's lack of a qualification narrows his employment prospects further . "  Now there are no jobs whatsoever , " he said . "  I 've tried working in restaurants , coffee shops , clothing stores and lately worked at my brother 's store . But the wages are not sustainable at all . " Thousands of miles away in Kenya , more disillusioned young adults walk the corridors of the University of Nairobi . Unlike Sherrif , they 'll get to complete their studies and enter the job market as skilled professionals . But with Kenya 's youth unemployment rate standing at 40 % , they feel their prospects of work are equally slim . Eunice Kilonzo is a promising student on the campus . She said : "  I 'm competing with around 700 people to get the same job , probably in the same place . So the chance of getting a job is pretty thin . " She places the blame firmly at the feet of her government . Eunice feels the job market will not improve in line with economic growth until the education system is revamped . "  If the market is way beyond your education level , there wo n't be productivity . We need to change everything about the education system . I can not go into the library and study a book that was published in 1969 . We are in 2012 . " For Eunice and Sherriff , economic forecasts make for irrelevant reading . Africa 's economy is expected to grow by 4.5 % this year and by 4.8 % the next , and its youth population is set to double by 2045 , according to the African Economic Outlook report . But the headlines that herald a burgeoning economy are n't translating into the jobs they need . If jobless growth continues , they believe young Africans will continue to find themselves unemployed or , more frequently , underemployed in informal jobs . World Bank Chief Economist Shantayanan Devarajan agrees that creating employment is the biggest hurdle that African nations will have to overcome . "  In low income African countries people ca n't afford to be unemployed . They are working in the informal sector with very low earnings and very low productivity . "  One reason for that low productivity is that these people have had very little education . "  On the other hand it 's a huge opportunity because we can train them and can improve the quality of education . The other point is the rest of the world is aging , so Africa will become the place with all the young people . " The African Economic Outlook report also speaks of the importance of unlocking the potential offered by the region 's youth . But it says the continent must modernize its industries and develop sustainable private sectors , in order to do so . While , such harsh warnings are not relevant for all of Africa , the sentiment behind them is important . Devarajan agrees that private firms could provide an important source of jobs for the young and says African businessmen are taking advantage of the opportunities available now . "  Macroeconomic policies in Africa have improved inexorably in the last 10 to 15 years , " he added . "  We 've had commodity price booms in the past but those have n't translated to this kind of sustained growth before . And that means there is hope for a better future for Africa . This is not hype , this is real . "	Africa 's economy set to grow by 4.5 % this year , youth population to double by 2045 Almost one third of young Egyptians and one in four young Kenyans out of work Nairobi student says she 's studying with book published 40 years ago Young Egyptian struggles to secure work at his brother 's store
CNN  -- Type in "  French are " into Google , and one of the top auto-complete items that pops down is "  French are rude . " That exact phrase "  French are rude " comes back with 93,000 Google results . And France topped out a poll last year of rudest countries to travelers . It 's a common stereotype , but it could soon be inaccurate if a new ` charm-school ' initiative pays off . Tourists will no longer encounter surly waiters or boorish hotel staff , in Paris at least , if they apply the advice from a new tourist manual about befriending visitors , launched by the Paris tourist board and Paris Chamber of Commerce . doyouspeaktouriste.fr offers tips on how to assist Brits -- they want personalized advice and like to breakfast between 7.30 a.m. and 8.30 a.m. -- and look after Chinese -- they appreciate original luxury shopping suggestions and require nothing more than a smile and a "  ni hao " to consider you agreeably polite . Other nationalized tips include : Americans : Expect quick , personalized service ; fluency in English Germans : Enjoy cleanliness and a handshake Belgians : Prefer budget hotels and Wi-Fi Brazilians : Like physical contact and taxis Spanish : Look for free things ; eat dinner between 9 p.m. and 11 p.m. French : Enjoy sampling international food ; do n't want to be considered a "  tourist " Italians : Eager to explore ; welcome attention on their kids Japanese : Often need to be reassured ; never complain ; bow frequently Dutch : Look for free things ; enjoy digital information If it sounds like France is trying to overcome its own national stereotype by spreading others , that 's only partly true . "  You do n't welcome a Japanese tourist the same way as an Italian one . There are codes to take into account , so you have to adapt , " Jean-Pierre Blat , general director of the Paris area tourist board , told The Telegraph . France has had its share of bad publicity where tourism is concerned in recent months . In April the Louvre Museum closed after a spate of thefts , and in May a man shot himself in front of horrified tourists in the Notre Dame Cathedral . Officials are passing the new guide to taxi drivers , hotel and restaurant staff and others most frequently in contact with the city 's 29 million visitors each year . It 's not a new idea . China did something similar before the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , informing citizens that spitting , cutting queues and clearing your throat loudly may not be as tolerable to tourists as they are to locals . China has recently taken its politeness initiative outside its own borders too , launching campaigns to teach tourists how to behave while abroad .	New advice manual to be given to taxi drivers , waiters , hotel staff Provides tips : Brazilians , Dutch like freebies ; Chinese enjoy shopping Around 29 million visitors to Paris each year may benefit
New York  CNN  -- New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez , who received a 162-game doping suspension , Friday withdrew his lawsuits against Major League Baseball , Commissioner Bud Selig and the players ' union . In the lawsuits , Rodriguez had sought to get a Manhattan federal court to throw out the record-setting penalty . Notices of dismissal in the lawsuits were filed Friday in Manhattan , meaning the player will accept the suspension and sit out the 2014 season . There was no immediate comment from Rodriguez 's attorneys or his spokesman , Ron Berkowitz . In a statement , Major League Baseball said : "  We have been informed that Alex Rodriguez has reached the prudent decision to end all of the litigation related to the Biogenesis matter . We believe that Mr. Rodriguez 's actions show his desire to return the focus to the play of our great game on the field and to all of the positive attributes and actions of his fellow Major League Players . We share that desire . " The Major League Baseball Players Association said in a statement : "  Alex Rodriguez has done the right thing by withdrawing his lawsuit . His decision to move forward is in everyone 's best interest . " In one of the lawsuits , filed in October , Rodriguez had alleged that MLB and Selig "  engaged in tortious and egregious conduct with one and only one goal ... to destroy the reputation and career of Alex Rodriguez . " The lawsuit had claimed that in its investigation of Anthony Bosch and his Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami , MLB engaged in vigilante justice to prove that Rodriguez was using performance enhancing drugs . Rodriguez has said that the investigation , which was supposed to stay private , has permanently harmed his reputation and ensured that he will never again secure any endorsement contracts . Did Rodriguez expose doping secrets ? The lawsuit included had claimed that MLB went around collective bargain agreements to make an example of Rodriguez and to "  gloss over Selig 's past inaction and tacit approval of the use of performance enhancing substances in baseball and to secure his legacy as the savior of America 's pastime . " Major League Baseball arbitrator Fredric Horowitz last month upheld most of Rodriguez 's 211-game doping suspension , keeping him out of the 2014 regular season and the postseason . It was the most severe punishment in baseball history for doping and a highlight of baseball Commissioner Bud Selig 's recent high-profile crackdown on performance-enhancing drugs . The suspension will not only cost Rodriguez $ 25 million in salary , but it also further clouds the groundbreaking career of a player who 'll turn 40 in the 2015 season . Rodriguez , one of 14 players suspended in the Biogenesis scandal , was the only one who appealed his suspension . Though he was suspended in August , Rodriguez played out the 2013 season because of the appeal . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Alex Rodriguez withdraws federal lawsuits seeking to overturn doping suspension Notices of dismissal were filed Friday The Yankees slugger received a record 162-game suspension for alleged steroid use
Two years ago , an 8.9-magnitude earthquake generated a tsunami of historic proportions that waylaid Japan 's northeast coastline , including a nuclear power plant . As Fukushima Daiichi unraveled in global public view with fire , explosions and radioactive emissions for weeks , people living nearby were exposed to radiation and trauma . The trauma was worse , the World Health Organization said in a report released Thursday on the health effects of the "  Great East Japan Earthquake and Tsunami . " The lifetime risk of contracting certain types of cancer rose slightly for a small group of people because they were exposed to radiation from the nuclear disaster , the WHO said Thursday . The notable exception was young emergency workers at the plant , who inhaled high doses of radioactive iodine , probably raising their risk of developing thyroid cancer . But since the thyroid is relatively resistant to cancer , the overall risk for these people remains low , the report said . Otherwise , any increase in human disease after the partial meltdown triggered by the March 2011 tsunami is "  likely to remain below detectable levels , " the WHO said in its report . People exposed as children in towns close to the Daiichi power plant are slightly more likely to contract leukemia , breast or thyroid cancer in the course of their lives than the general population , the WHO said . The power plant deteriorated into a level 7 disaster , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency , the most dangerous ranking on its scale . It was the worst disaster since the 1986 nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl in the Ukraine . But the gradual unfolding of the calamity gave Japanese authorities time to evacuate many potential victims . The destruction from the tsunami also caused people to flee before the plant began to break down . The woman powering Japan 's nuclear hopes post-Fukushima High psychological damage The WHO report highlights the psychological effects of disaster -- fear , anxiety and depression , possibly to the point of psychosomatic illness and psychiatric disorders . Radiation emergencies can exacerbate these , the WHO said , because radiation is invisible , and people have a hard time understanding it and the magnitude -- whether large or small -- of its effects . Whole nations may stigmatize people hailing from affected areas , making life harder on them if they move , the WHO said . Opinion : What Japanese leaders can learn from Fukushima Stories of hardship A local woman in her late 80s , whom researchers interviewed for the report , was unconcerned about radiation exposure . "  For generations , my family has lived in a close relationship with this land , " she told them . "  I will feel accursed for losing the lands that my ancestors passed down to me . " The village of Iitate in Japan 's Fukushima prefecture was once home to 6,000 people . Plant operator : We were n't prepared Today , however , it is essentially a ghost town , evacuated after the nuclear accident just 25 miles  40 kilometers  away . For elderly couple Yukio and Masayo Nakano , life has not been easy . Yukio had lived in his home in the village for more than 60 years , moving in just after World War II . "  I ca n't describe it . It 's hard living in the temporary housing , and it 's very stressful mentally , " he said . The difficult situation has also taken its toll on his wife , Masayo . "  I 'm lonely . We 're getting old , " she said . "  I think every day how long I can survive in this situation . " The earthquake , tsunami and nuclear calamity have presented the population with three disasters at once , not to mention Japan 's economic doldrums . The WHO warns that the sum of these may give rise to complicated health problems . U.S. Navy sailors sue Japan over nuclear accident Direct radiation exposure Those living in hardest-hit areas of Fukushima prefecture were exposed to radiation levels of 12 to 25 milliseverts  mSv  in the first year since the disaster , the WHO reported . That 's equivalent to one or two CAT scans , according to the American College of Radiology . Even on the upper end of the scale , that barely raises the risk of dying from cancer , the college says . According to United Nations nuclear experts , exposure to less than 1,000 mSv annually causes no meaningful increase in the risk of getting cancer . Husband of Fukushima suicide victim demands justice Smoking is much more likely to . And coal-fired power plants kill more people than their nuclear counterparts do , according to the Clean Air Task Force . Resulting air pollution was expected to cause nearly 13,200 deaths in 2010 , not to mention 20,000 heart attacks per year . Radiation occurs naturally . We are exposed to it through some minerals and from the sun . "  The average person in the U.S. receives an effective dose of about 3 mSv per year , " the American College of Radiology says . The rest of Fukushima prefecture saw 3 to 5 mSv in the first year , the equivalent of an X-ray . Trying to revive a Fukushima ` ghost town ' Discomforting signs Although that may be less upsetting to know , after the Daiichi catastrophe , there have been discomforting signs -- and wonders . Scientist found butterflies with a variety of mutations in Fukushima prefecture and beyond . Radioactive iodine poured into the ocean at the reactor site , spiking at 1,250 times normal levels . Offshore monitoring stations also detected high levels of cesium , a radioactive element . More than a year after the disaster , fish caught off the coast of Fukushima exhibited levels of cesium up to 250 times the amount the Japanese government approves for consumption . Isolated tests have revealed higher than normal concentrations of radioactive elements in other agricultural products in surrounding areas in the past . Though the WHO sees no significant danger of radioactivity in the food chain raising the cancer risk , who wants to be the unlucky person to eat the wrong fish ? And although the cancer risk has risen only slightly in a very small area , this will be little comfort to the few additional people who get cancer after having been exposed to radiation near the Daiichi plant as little girls or young men . The WHO 's report stresses that although its research has been thorough , the final effects of the radiation disaster wo n't be known until sometime in the future , when scientists will have the benefit of hindsight . It 's 20/20 . Radioactive levels staying high off Fukushima Daiichi	March 11 is the second anniversary of the great quake and tsunami The cancer risk rose only slightly in very small areas near the reactors , the WHO says Young men , who battled the plant disaster , may see a rise in thyroid cancer People exposed as children have a slightly elevated risk of certain cancers in their lifetimes
CNN  -- The Supreme Court tried mightily to come together . Last week brought tantalizing hints the nine justices could speak as one on the thorniest of issues -- on cellphone privacy and presidential recess appointments . But in the end came a familiar conservative-liberal split on the last , and perhaps most-watched case of the term ending this week . That was an Obamacare challenge over religious liberty and reproductive choice . When the stakes are highest , especially on cases with a distinct political bent , old habits die hard . "  There 's no doubt this is a closely divided Supreme Court . That 's been true for decades , and it 's no less true now , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  You have five sold conservative votes in the majority , but Justice  Anthony  Kennedy , who is the least conservative among them , does on occasion switch sides and join his more liberal colleagues . There 's a constant battle going on in these ideological fights . " All together now From affirmative action , campaign spending , public prayers , and labor union power -- the justices continue to stack their docket with cases spanning a range of constitutional and legal questions . What was surprising was how often they agreed to agree . Two-thirds of the 72 cases fully decided this term were unanimous , the highest percentage in years . Most were low-profile disputes , but did include : * A shockingly united rebuke of law enforcement discretion to search for incriminating data in cellphones and smartphones , when suspects are first arrested . The simple answer : "  get a warrant . " * A narrowly-drawn defeat for the Obama administration on recess appointments , those named to temporarily fill high government positions without Senate confirmation . Congress must define when it 's in recess , not the administration . Also amazing was that only 14 percent of the court 's decisions were 5-4 , with just four of those 10 splits along the liberal-conservative marker . But that included four of the most contentious of petitions : * The big one on Obamacare gave some for-profit businesses discretion to deny certain birth control insurance based on religious objections centered around anti-abortion beliefs . * Allowing civic prayers in local town meetings , even if the ceremonies are predominantly offered by Christian citizens . * Another setback for campaign finance reform , this time giving individual political donors the power to throw more money to more candidates in a federal elections . * A defeat for public sector labor unions over dues for non-members . The swing vote As usual , Kennedy was the swing vote in the majority in those cases . Chief Justice John Roberts has made no secret of his desire to foster as much unanimity among his benchmates as possible . "  There are clear benefits to a greater degree of consensus on the court , " he said just months after joining in 2005 . "  Unanimity or near unanimity promote clarity and guidance for the lawyers and for the lower courts trying to figure out what the Supreme Court meant . " The key , said Roberts is to rule on the narrowest grounds possible , to do only "  what 's necessary to decide the case . " It has been a most elusive goal , and has attracted a measure of bipartisan criticism . Ruling narrowly means both sides may have reason to complain about the outcome . Many legal observers believe the idea of consensus sounds good on paper , but is not practical given the current court 's makeup , and the sharply held views of its members , led by Roberts himself . Harmonic principles will be tested mightily in coming months , as the justices begin preparing for their next term in October and what promises to be a more contentious session . Same-sex marriage upcoming ? The justices by this time next year could be tackling the constitutionality of same-sex marriages , and whether gay and lesbians have an "  equal protection " right to legally wed. . Federal courts around the country in the past eight months have been all but unanimous those couple do enjoy such a right . It seems all but inevitable the justices will have to answer the question , in what could be the defining civil rights ruling of this generation . But wait , there is more . "  Not only are the justices likely to get the equal protection question over same sex marriage , " said Goldstein . "  But next term , they are very likely to return to the abortion question , in a case from Texas involving restrictions over where clinics can be located . And that will be a monumental fight , because Roe v. Wade is never settled in the Supreme Court . " Another Obamacare challenge , perhaps over when some Americans can get tax breaks and subsidies when buying insurance on the federal health exchange , may also be put on the he docket . Confidence low A Gallup survey released Monday found Americans ' confidence in the Supreme Court is at just 30 percent , the lowest since 1973 . It was as high as 56 percent in the mid-1980s . The numbers reflect an overall drop in confidence in the all branches of government . But members of the court hold fast to their belief they operate independently of public opinion , and politics . "  I do n't think any of my colleagues , on any cases , vote the way they do for political reasons . They vote the way they do because they have their own judicial philosophy , " Justice Antonin Scalia told CNN recently . The five mostly conservative justices were named by Republican presidents , the four more liberal members by Democratic presidents . That dynamic more than anything explains why the court is perceived -- rightly or wrongly -- as hopelessly divided and ideological . Social media , the proliferation of partisan legal advocacy groups , and a corrosive political atmosphere in Washington all have helped to punch holes in the record and reputation of the Roberts Court . Are they completely powerless to change hearts and minds ? The court 's members will tell you they ignore all that outside noise -- or try to -- and focus instead on the work . "  People think in fixing things , that there 's a magic bullet to every problem . It does n't work that way , " Justice Sonia Sotomayor told CNN last year . "  We 're trying to convince . And we 're trying to convince  the public  what we 're doing is the right thing . " What the Supreme Court 's Hobby Lobby decision means Justices strike down abortion clinic buffer zone Court slows EPA on emissions , but largely backs its rules	There were signs the court could speak with a unanimous voice in key cases But then came Monday 's ruling on Obamacare and contraception There were 10 cases overall where decisions came down 5-4
Pot is n't at the top of the Transportation Security Administration 's most-wanted list . They 're more interested in keeping explosives off airplanes . But if you pack your suitcases with 81 pounds of marijuana , TSA officers screening your checked baggage are very likely to notice . On Friday , a 26-year-old woman was arrested at Oakland International Airport after the TSA allegedly discovered marijuana in her three checked bags , according to the TSA . The Jackson , Mississippi , resident was attempting to fly from Oakland to Jackson , Mississippi , via Phoenix and Dallas . "  TSA screens every bag placed on an airplane , whether taken as carry-on or checked with an airline , " said TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein , via e-mail . If officers find something that 's probably a crime , they refer it to local authorities , who can decide whether to arrest and prosecute travelers . "  As is common practice , TSA notified the Alameda County Sheriff 's Office of the discovery , who responded and took possession of the marijuana , " said Feinstein . "  The passenger was subsequently arrested on criminal charges . " A small bit of pot might not get you in trouble , according to some security officials . Some 81 pounds of marijuana in three separate checked bags ? That 's going to cause some trouble . Can I take my pot on a plane ?	Although not a TSA priority , marijuana is illegal under federal law A woman was arrested Friday with 81 pounds of pot in her luggage She was trying to fly from Oakland , California to Jackson , Mississippi
CNN  -- Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos began their "  supervised release " Friday after President Bush commuted their sentences in January for convictions related to the shooting of a Mexican drug smuggler . Ignacio Ramos has been out of prison since Febrary after serving time in the shooting of an illegal immigrant . Ramos and Compean were able to remove their electronic monitoring devices and leave their homes in El Paso , Texas , on Friday for the first time since they left prison in February . After spending two "  hard , long , lonely " years in prison , the two said they were looking forward to spending time with their families and putting this chapter of their lives behind them . "  There are more important things than the people that have done this to us or what we have gone through and I am not going to sit here and dwell on that , " Ramos said in an interview with CNN 's "  Lou Dobbs Tonight . " "  We are looking ahead . We 're optimistic for a very good future and that 's what 's more important , " Ramos said . Their release in February marked a significant turning point in a case that served as a flash point in the debate over immigration and border security . The two were sentenced in 2006 to 11 - and 12-year sentences stemming from the February 2005 shooting of Osvaldo Aldrete-Davila near the U.S.-Mexico border south of El Paso , Texas . Critics of U.S. immigration policy rushed to the agents ' defense , saying they were merely doing their jobs . Civil liberties advocates argued that Compean and Ramos used excessive force . Ramos credited the outside support with helping him win clemency and keeping his spirits up during his imprisonment . "  Members from Congress were speaking about us , people writing us constantly , it felt so good to know that people did n't give up on us and that people constantly believed in us , " he said . "  How can you give up when people are n't giving up on you ? " Compean echoed his sentiments , saying he was shocked to this day over the support he received . "  I did n't expect it . I expected people to really forget all about us once we turned ourselves in , " he said . Like Ramos , Compean said the most difficult part of going to prison was leaving behind his wife and children . "  I think that 's been the hardest . When I turned myself in , my son was 4 months old , " he said . "  There 's really nothing special I want to do . The only thing I 'm really looking forward to is getting out of the house and going out to dinner with my wife and going to the park with my sons , " Compean said . Their legal cases are far from over . The convictions still stand and the two remain felons while appeals are pending , which means they can not contact one another or reapply for their jobs , something Ramos said he would like to do . Ramos shot Aldrete-Davila in the buttocks after he ditched a vehicle carrying more than 700 pounds of marijuana and fled on foot toward Mexico . The agents said during trial that Aldrete-Davila had brandished a gun while resisting arrest , but Aldrete-Davila said he was unarmed and trying to surrender when Compean attempted to beat him with a shotgun . "  In exchange for immunity , Aldrete-Davila agreed to cooperate with the investigation of the shooting , and he returned to the United States so that the bullet could be removed from his body , " according to court documents . Ramos and Compean were convicted of assault with a dangerous weapon , lying about the incident and violating Aldrete-Davila 's Fourth Amendment right against illegal search and seizure . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , a vocal critic of the decision to grant Aldrete-Davila immunity , said several key pieces of evidence were withheld from the jury that convicted Ramos and Compean . The jury , for instance , never learned that Aldrete-Davila was running drugs at the time of the shooting . Nor did jurors learn that Aldrete-Davila breached his immunity agreement by continuing to smuggle drugs into the United States , Cornyn has said . "  Several jurors have since come forward to state that if they had been told about the excluded evidence , they would have changed their verdict , " Cornyn wrote in a January plea to Bush , requesting clemency for the agents . Despite Ramos ' and Compean 's appeals for clemency , a senior Bush administration official said the men were "  convicted felons who violated their oaths to uphold the law . " Leading Democrats and Republicans , however , supported Bush 's commutation , the official said . "  The president has reviewed the circumstances of this case as a whole and the conditions of confinement and believes the sentences they received are too harsh and that they and their families have suffered enough for their crimes , " the official said .	Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean begin their supervised release Friday Men say they look forward to being with family , putting incident behind them "  There are more important things than the people that have done this , " Ramos says President Bush in January commuted their sentences for shooting drug smuggler
It is n't that the man had done anything wrong to infuriate Elytte Barbour and his wife . The couple - married three weeks -- just wanted to kill someone together , police said . And Troy LaFerrara , 42 , happened to be the unlucky one . The Barbours are accused of luring LaFerrara through a "  companionship " ad on Craigslist , and stabbing and strangling him to death . Barbour told police he and his wife had tried to kill others . But the plans did n't work out . "  This , " said Sunbury Police Chief Steve Mazzeo , "  happened to be one that worked . " The ad LaFerrara 's body was found in the backyard of a home in Sunbury , a small city about 100 miles northwest of Philadelphia , on November 12 . He had been stabbed 20 times and strangled , police said . The last number dialed on his cell phone led police to the Barbours . At first , the wife , Miranda Barbour , 18 , denied knowing the victim . But presented with more and more evidence that police had gathered , she confessed . According to the police affidavit , this is what happened : Miranda Barbour told police she would use Craigslist to meet men -- "  men who wanted companionship , " and were willing to pay her for it . On November 11 , she met LaFerrara at a mall , picked him up in her red Honda CR-V and drove to Sunbury . Elytte Barbour was hiding under a blanket in the back seat , he said . The couple had agreed on a pre-arranged signal so that he would know when "  it was time to kill the victim . " The death After driving for a while , Miranda Barbour pulled over . LaFerrara reached over and began touching her , she said . She then took a knife from between the front seats and stabbed him , she said . Once , twice , three times . She told police she does n't remember how long she went on . LaFerrara tried to fight her , but could n't . Elytte Barbour had tied a cable cord around his neck to hold his head back . As LaFerrara fought , Elytte Barbour said he held tight . The discovery While they drove around looking for an an out-of-the-way spot to dump the victim , LaFerrara was still alive . He was "  choking and gasping for air , " Miranda Barbour told police . But soon , his breathing stopped . The couple dumped LaFerrara 's body by the back garage of a house in Sunbury -- which is where resident Brittany Settler discovered it the next morning . "  I was making myself a cup of coffee and when I opened the fridge to get the creamer out , " the Sunbury resident told CNN affiliate WHP . "  I looked out and was like , ` What is that ? ' " She walked over to the garage behind her house and saw the body . LaFerrara 's face was purple . He had his keys in his hand . And there was blood everywhere . The cleanup With the body gone , the Barbours ' stopped at a Wal-Mart , bought garbage bags , carpet cleaner , paper towels and seat covers . They needed to clean up the sports utility vehicle . "  She related that there was a lot of blood and she was n't able to get it all , " police said . After they were done , they went to a strip club . It was Elytte Barbour 's 22nd birthday . The reaction In Sunbury , violent crime is rare , Chief Mazzeo said . "  We do n't usually have homicides up here . This is a relatively peaceful town , " he said . "  We average a homicide maybe every 18 months to two years , so this is unusual . " The killing was the talk of the town over the weekend . "  It 's surprising , and it 's shocking , and it 's unfair , " Sunbury resident John Mickey told affiliate WNEP . "  The man had a family . It 's devastating . It really is . " Nancy Sholley was LaFerrara 's neighbor . He was married . "  I just really feel sorry for  his mother  , " Sholley told the affiliate . "  She 's a nice woman . We have always thought a lot of her . Just really , my heart goes out to her . " "  Evil is all over , " she added . "  It is . " The charges The Barbours were married October 22 , the husband told the Daily Item newspaper . The pair moved to Sunbury from North Carolina , where he worked as a dishwasher . Strapped for cash , his wife would meet "  unhappy men " online and charge up to $ 850 for "  delightful conversation , " he said . It 's believed that Miranda Barbour had Craigslist encounters with at least 30 different men , according to a source close to the investigation . Police are trying to find those men , the source said . The couple face a host of charges including criminal homicide , which is similar to first-degree murder . "  The defendant stated that they committed the murder because they just wanted to murder someone together , " police said , referring to Elytte Barbour . Miranda Barbour was denied bail and has a court hearing set for December 20 . CNN 's calls to her public defender were not returned Saturday night . Elytte Barbour has a court date set for December 17 . He is not yet represented by an attorney . "  We started with nothing , " Mazzeo told CNN on Saturday . "  We started with a dead body with no ID on it , dumped in somebody 's backyard , no relation to anything in the area or the people who lived there . "  To close out this particular homicide in three to four weeks , that 's pretty impressive . " But their work is far from over . In the coming days , "  we are going to try to resolve some of the loose ends , " he said . Among them is this : Miranda Barbour has a 1-year-old child . The couple has told police the child 's father is deceased . That death is now a part of the investigation . Ohio man convicted for three murders in Craigslist job ad killings Craigslist killer sentenced to death Facebook ` stalkers ' face trial for model 's murder	Chief says town has one homicide every 18 months Police say the couple tried others , but LaFerrara 's the only one who fell for it The wife is accused of repeatedly stabbing the victim The husband tells police he tied a cord around LaFerrara 's neck
CNN  One of Tokyo 's most prominent districts has taken a small , but potentially significant step to recognizing same-sex unions in Japan . The government of Shibuya ward , one of the capital 's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts , passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "  partnership certificates " for same-sex couples , allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . Same-sex partners who are registered with the district 's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements . Other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy , such as joint filing of taxes , are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities . The measure was proposed in February by Shibuya 's mayor , Toshitake Kuwahara . While the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding , proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward 's decision is a step in the right direction . "  It is not a marriage license and advantages will be limited but still better than nothing , " Gon Matsunaka , a gay rights activist , told CNN . While Shibuya 's decision does not yet equate to heterosexual marriage , the hope is that the move will be the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities . "  What is important for the LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community in Shibuya is the ruling will make us visible in society , " Matsunaka said "  It could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn and know what kind of problems LGBT people are facing . " Taiga Ishikawa , Tokyo councillor and the first male gay local assembly member in Japan , told CNN the ordinance was a "  big first step for the protection of human rights . " He called the decision "  happy " but said that it must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles . He said that the most important part of today 's announcement is that it "  should be actually put into practice , as should education for understanding  LGBT individuals  especially they suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young . " Neighboring Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya 's lead . However , former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement 's momentum for granted . "  To realize equal rights for gay couples , a national law has to be made , " he said . While outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan , its effects can be hidden and gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage . Many hide their sexuality from their employers , co-workers , families and friends . But the tide may be turning . A recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4 % oppose gay marriage , but support amongst young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70 % . An editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper , which commissioned the poll , welcomed the Shibuya decision , calling it "  a bold and important step forward . " Only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan 's constitution , but the wording is vague enough to open it to interpretation , according to Mari Miura , a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo . "  The constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage , so an interpretation can be made that it is constitutional , " Miura told Bloomberg Business . While Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party "  do n't like the idea of same-sex marriage , but at the same time the issue is gaining momentum . " Conservative groups were vocal in their opposition , with one , known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education , telling the Japan Times that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the "  familial system and practice that heterosexual unions have long preserved in human history . " While Shibuya 's registration system will be a first for Japan , Yodogawa ward in the western Japanese city of Osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the LGBT community . In 2013 the ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the community faced , and to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals . Journalist Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo	Shibuya ward in Tokyo passes an ordinance that gives same-sex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples Activists welcome the decision ; hope that it will lead to greater equality for LGBT people in Japan Recent poll finds most young Japanese open to the idea of gay marriage
CNN  -- When Dzhokhar Tsarnaev got a text from a friend asking him if he was one of the two men shown in FBI-released photos of Boston bombing suspects , his reply was short and light : LOL . Other messages from the teenager followed , including "  You better not text me " and "  Come to my room and take whatever you want , " according to an FBI affidavit released Wednesday . His friend took the texts as jokes , as if Tsarnaev found humor in the mere idea that he could be responsible for such horror . But when Dias Kadyrbayev showed one of their mutual friends that last text , the friend was n't laughing . "  He believed he would never see Tsarnaev alive again , " the affidavit said of Azamat Tazhayakov . What Kadyrbayev , Tazhayakov and another friend , Robel Phillipos , did next is the subject of a detailed , sometimes complex FBI affidavit released on Wednesday . That document lays out the federal case as to why the three young men , like their friend Tsarnaev , are now in federal custody . Read the criminal complaint The charges levied Wednesday do not accuse the three friends of having any involvement in the April 15 attack . Lawyers for two of the men insist that their clients are cooperating and deny any such role . Did they suspect Tsarnaev could be responsible for such bloodshed ? According to Tazhayakov 's account in the affidavit , while they were eating together about a month before the bombing , Tsarnaev told them he knew how to make a bomb . Less clear , and more critical to their case , was when they concluded Tsarnaev was possibly involved in the Boston attacks , and what they did afterward . And were their actions -- both in tossing a backpack belonging to Tsarnaev and how they dealt with federal investigators -- criminal ? That may be decided by a jury , unless the charges are dropped or plea agreements are reached . Suspect 's friends face years in prison if convicted What is known is that the four young men -- Tsarnaev , Phillipos , Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov -- enrolled in fall 2011 at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth and became friends . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov were in the United States on student visas from Kazakhstan , and spoke Russian as did Tsarnaev . Phillipos , a high school classmate of Tsarnaev , called Cambridge , Massachusetts , his home , as did Tsarnaev . They hung out together , went out together -- including to New York 's Times Square , as a 2012 photo with Kadyrbayev , Tazhayakov and Tsarnaev showed . Kadyrbayev told investigators that he 'd gotten to know Tsarnaev 's family and had repeatedly gone to his home when the family lived in Cambridge . And they spent time together after the deadly Boston Marathon blasts . Two days after that attack , on April 17 , Kadyrbayev told law enforcement officers that he drove to Tsarnaev 's dormitory room on the campus of their southern Massachusetts school and texted to his friend to come down to meet him . Tsarnaev -- who had noticeably shorter hair at the time , Kadyrbayev recalled -- came down , the two chatted , and that was that . Tsarnaev spent that night , until around midnight , at the New Bedford apartment of Tazhayakov . The next afternoon , Tazhayakov went to class on campus and got a ride home from Tsarnaev , the federal affidavit states . That happened not long before 5 p.m. , when the FBI released its first photos of the two Boston bombing suspects . One wore a dark baseball cap , a light collarless shirt and a dark-colored jacket . The other had a hooded sweatshirt , black jacket and a white baseball cap turned backward . Sources : Tamerlan Tsarnaev spoke to widow after photos released It was the latter suspect that caught Phillipos ' eye . And it also got the attention of Kadyrbayev , when he got home that night and turned on the TV . Could that be Dzhokhar ? The night of Thursday , April 18 , authorities say that Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev were on the run -- allegedly responsible for killing a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer , carjacking a Mercedes SUV , then tossing explosives and trading gunfire with authorities on a high-speed chase through Boston suburbs . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends were active that night as well , some 60 miles south . While the three 19-year-olds offered slightly different details and time frames , a common chain of events emerges from their remarks to investigators as laid out in the FBI affidavit . At some point , they exchanged texts about the "  news " and agreed to meet at Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room in Dartmouth . Tsarnaev 's roommate let them in , saying Tsarnaev had left a few hours earlier , according to Kadyrbayev . It was around then that Tazhayakov says that Kadyrbayev showed them a text message from Tsarnaev that they could take whatever they needed from his room -- which Tazhayakov interpreted as meaning he 'd never be back . While watching a movie , one or more of them spotted a backpack . Phillipos -- who at first denied to investigators ever going to the dorm room , then later changed his story , the affidavit states -- said Kadyrbayev found it when he "  went through  Tsarnaev 's  belongings . " Inside , Phillipos noticed about seven tubular fireworks , each between 6 to 8 inches long . The fireworks ' powder had been taken out . That was n't all they found . Kadyrbayev also came across a jar of Vaseline that he thought Dzhokhar Tsarnaev used "  to make bombs , " according to the affidavit . By then , the same document states , Kadyrbayev knew Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was involved in the Marathon bombing -- a judgment that his lawyer , Robert Stahl , disputed Wednesday , saying "  his first inkling came much later . " Who are Tazhayakov , Kadyrbayev and Phillipos ? Whatever their rationale -- be it to help a friend or cover up for him -- the three men left with the backpack . Kadyrbayev said he took Tsarnaev 's laptop computer too , because he felt Tsarnaev 's roommate might get suspicious if they left with the backpack alone , the affidavit states . They all ended up at Kadyrbayev 's and Tazhayakov 's New Bedford apartment . There they saw the news coverage on the bombings , wallpapered with photos of the two suspects . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov "  started to freak out , because it became clear from a CNN report that we were watching that  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev  was one of the Boston Marathon bombers , " Phillipos told investigators . The Cambridge resident said he did n't understand much of what Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov said afterward because they talked mostly in Russian . At some point though -- Kadyrbayev said it was later that night , Tazhayakov thought it was early the following morning -- Tsarnaev 's backpack was put in a black garbage bag , lugged outside , and thrown in a dumpster . This came after all three friends talked about what to do first , according to the affidavit . Phillipos ' response , for instance , to Kadyrbayev : "  Do what you have to do . " A garbage truck emptied that dumpster that Friday -- the same day that Tsarnaev was finally captured , hurting from apparent gunshot wounds to his head , neck and legs and hand , in the back of a boat parked in a Watertown , Massachusetts , backyard . His friends were n't far behind in following him into federal custody . After 10 hours of questioning that Friday , Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov were detained the next day on alleged visa violations , according to Stahl . Six days later , the backpack they 'd thrown away was found -- this time in a New Bedford landfil . Inside was an assortment of fireworks , a jar of Vaseline and a homework assignment sheet from the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , among other items . And on Wednesday , Kadyrbayev , Tazhayakov and Phillipos were in court accused of covering up for their friend , and hampering an investigation into the bloody attacks that jarred a city and a nation . Timeline : Boston Marathon bombing , manhunt and investigation	Three friends of Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are charged in federal court Affidavit shows actions , communications after Boston suspects ' photos went out The friends went to Tsarnaev 's dorm , found a backpack with fireworks with the powder out They took this backpack and threw it away , the affidavit released Wednesday states
Travel + Leisure  -- Stockholm has a reputation for being one of Europe 's most expensive cities . T+L hits the streets of the fashionable capital and proves otherwise . Stockholm 's Strommen River 9:00 a.m. I plot my day over a complimentary breakfast of homemade yogurt and knckebrd  crispy bread  at Hotel Anno 1647  3 Mariagrnd ; 46-8/442 -1680  , housed in a former tobacco and clothing factory in the hip island neighborhood of Sdermalm . My room  $ 170  , No. 21 , is small and peaceful , with rustic pine floors , an antique crystal chandelier , and , thankfully , blackout drapes -- essential in a city that gets 18 hours of sunlight a day in the summer . 10:00 a.m. . The hotel is around the corner from Gtgatan , one of Stockholm 's most seductive shopping strips . Though it feels a little early to start spending , I ca n't resist a jar of cloudberry honey  $ 6  from Iris Hantverk  37 Gtgatan ; 46-8/641 -9190  , a store that specializes in handmade items by visually impaired artisans . I crave almost everything I see in DesignTorget  31 Gtgatan , 46-8/462 -3520  , which carries an eclectic range of accessories by Swedish designers , including hand-printed dish towels and colorful kids ' toys . But I force myself to move along . 12:00 p.m. For lunch , I circle back to busy Slussen square -- Stockholm 's answer to Grand Central . The main attraction here  besides a major subway stop  is the humble Nystekt Strmming  fried herring  wagon , encircled by picnic tables crowded with locals on their lunch breaks . I sidle up and order the signature dish  $ 6.25  topped with a dollop of crme frache . From my bench , I can see the silhouette of Gamla Stan , the old section of the city just across the bridge . 1:00 p.m. Down along the harbor , a freckled blond girl at a candy cart snips off a sample of her salt licorice  free  , a delicious flavor called Hxvrl -- "  scream of the witch , " she translates . After a short stroll past the steamboats and Baroque mansions of stermalm , I arrive at the Vasamuseet  14 Galrvarvsvgen ; 46-8/5195 -4800  , a maritime museum built around a meticulously reconstructed boat that was shipwrecked in the 17th century . I buy a ticket  $ 15  and explore the gigantic ship , feeling a little like an extra on the set of "  Pirates of the Caribbean . " 3:30 p.m. Risking museum burnout , I head to the galleries  $ 12.50 admission  of the Moderna Museet  Skeppsholmen ; 46-8/5195 -5200  , designed by the Spanish architect Rafael Moneo , to see its collection of 20th-century European and American art . Here , I discover the contemporary Swedish painter Karin Mamma Andersson , whose lush , layered paintings look like dreamscapes . I also find one of the city 's best photo ops -- the panoramic view of the port from the glass-walled museum caf . 5:00 p.m. I forgo a pricey taxi ride across the city in favor of an infinitely more charming and scenic walk toward Gamla Stan , which is touristy but irresistible once I 'm weaving through a knot of cobblestoned streets and storybook 17th-century houses . My reward is a hot chocolate  $ 4.70  at Kaffekoppen  18-20 Stortorget ; 46-8/203 -170  , a candlelit cellar with tea-stained walls and low vaulted ceilings . 7:00 p.m. . While wandering the alleys of Gamla Stan , I stumble upon what may be the city 's top bargain : a classical music concert  $ 11  at Storkyrkan , Stockholm 's central cathedral  1 Trangsund , Gamla Stan ; 46-8/723 -3016  . I take a seat in a wooden pew as a local pianist fills the space with the music of Chopin . Dusky evening light filters in through leaded glass windows and shimmers off the golden angels on the high brick ceiling . Divine . 9:30 p.m. . The lingering sunlight has affected my eating schedule , but I 'm finally hungry again . On the patio of Babylon  4 Bjrns Trdgrdsgrnd ; 46-8/640 -8083  , surrounded by chattering clusters of young fashion plates and artist types , I wrap myself in one of the restaurant 's green fleece blankets and gobble down a late dinner of potatoes and rding  $ 25.80  , a local fish . From my barstool , I watch skinny blond skateboarders dip and sail around a cement half-pipe in the adjacent park , and revel in a priceless travel high : the giddy feeling of having discovered the coolest place in town . TOTAL SPENT : $ 251.25 E-mail to a friend Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Hotel Anno is located in the hip island neighborhood of Sdermalm Locals crowd around the fried herring wagon in Slussen square Moderna Museet features a collection of 20th-century European and American art
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Several years ago , in honor of the new millennium , Playboy magazine asked musicians for lists of their top 10 songs of the previous 1,000 years . The Beatles placed six albums in Tom Moon 's "  1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die . " Most of them stuck to the era of recorded sound , but guitarist Richard Thompson cheekily took Playboy 's request seriously and submitted a list that included such songs as "  Sumer Is Icumen In , " a hit from the 13th century , and "  Blackleg Miner , " a folk ballad of the 1800s . Playboy was not amused , and did not print Thompson 's list . Such is the fate that awaits many people who compile expansive lists of the greatest or most influential songs , movies , TV shows , romantic getaways or baseball players shorter than 5 feet 9 . Everybody 's a critic . At best , your list will inspire furious discussion ; at worst , it will be ignored by your prospective debaters and sink as forlornly as a pebble in the Atlantic Ocean . Which has n't stopped a slew of new entries in the list-making business -- and not just simple top 10s , either . A handful of authors and publications have released , or are planning to release , works with up to 1,001 suggestions you should know about right now . Tom Moon , author of "  1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die "  Workman  , knew what a daunting task he had been assigned . "  Could one person be counted on to do all kinds of music ? " says Moon , the former music critic for The Philadelphia Inquirer and a regular contributor to NPR , describing himself as apprehensive about the project . But he found himself warming to the idea . As a music journalist , he prides himself on being a generalist , though he admits he 's mostly stayed close to the pop realms . A book such as "  1,000 Recordings , " he says , can help people see past their particular favorite artists or genres and tap into the whole world of recorded music . "  It 's like having a tour guide with a flashlight shining into unknown places , " he says in a recent interview at CNN Center . "  It 's someone saying , ` This is cool . Check this out . ' " Watch Moon defend the inclusion of Britney Spears ' "  Toxic " " Moon is n't the only one marking time by making lists this season . Movie critic David Thomson put out " ` Have You Seen ... ? ' : A Personal Introduction to 1,000 Films "  Knopf  in October . The January issue of Blender magazine blares "  1,001 Greatest Songs to Download Right Now " on its cover . The minds behind the music Web site Pitchfork have "  The Pitchfork 500 : Our Guide to the Greatest Songs from Punk to the Present "  Simon and Schuster  . And then there are the other big lists , past and future , including Dave Marsh 's 1989 singles compendium "  The Heart of Rock and Soul "  Marsh chose 1,001 influential singles  and Robert Hofler 's forthcoming "  Variety 's ` The Movie That Changed My Life ' "  120 notables pick their favorites  . So where does one start ? Thomson and Moon wanted references that included well-known titles and obscurities , often cheek by jowl . "  I wanted a ` bumper ' book for your laps , " writes Thomson in his introduction . "  I wanted old favorites to be neighbors with films you 've never heard of . I wanted you to entertain the unlikely possibility that ` everything ' is here . Of course , it is not -- everything remains out in our scattered ` there . ' " So "  Have You Seen ... ? " , which is organized in alphabetical order by title , includes some interesting juxtapositions . The laconic Humphrey Bogart film "  The Big Sleep , " directed by the no-nonsense Howard Hawks , precedes Alfred Hitchcock 's "  The Birds . " The Frank Capra-directed "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , " starring an earnest James Stewart , resides next to David Lynch 's loopily creepy "  Mulholland Dr. " Thomson picks some films for their artistry , others because ... well , because he wanted to , and it 's his book . Moon says he set some ground rules . He wanted to stick with albums , not singles or specific cuts . He knew he 'd have to include certain essential recordings , but wanted room to roam . "  There 's no way to be definitive about music , " he says . "  My thought was , let me find some of the best of the best ... then find stuff as thrilling , but perhaps not as accessible . " So "  1,000 Recordings " includes the Jimi Hendrix Experience 's "  Are You Experienced " and Glenn Gould 's two albums of Bach 's Goldberg Variations , but also Guided By Voices ' "  Bee Thousand " and Toumani Diabate and Ballake Sissoko 's "  New Ancient Strings . " "  Born to Run " makes the list ; so does Henry Mancini 's score for "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's . " But like Thomson 's film book , it has some idiosyncracies . The Beatles get six selections ; the Rolling Stones get two , and one is a singles collection . There 's a Beau Brummels album , but only a Dion single  yes , Moon breaks his own rules occasionally  . And the curmudgeonly listeners at Pitchfork , Down Beat and the classical magazine Gramophone no doubt are wondering where some of their favorites are . For Moon -- as with probably anyone who 's ever tried to make a comprehensive list of anything -- that 's all part of the fun . Go ahead and argue ; passion is better than indifference . "  These are starting points , " he says .	Critics offering mega-lists of albums , films , other things to know about Critic Tom Moon on his "  1,000 Recordings " : "  It 's someone saying , ` This is cool ' " Moon says he 's not providing be-all and end-all : "  These are starting points "
CNN  -- Back in 1971 , I was present as top leaders of two political organizations met to negotiate common actions they could take despite their differences . One of those leaders was a woman . Over and over , she raised points for consideration , only to be ignored by both sides . When someone of the other team did agree with a proposal she made , he would wait a few minutes and then say so to one of her male colleagues , as though the suggestion had been his . "  As you said , Jerry , " or "  That 's probably the way to go , Sam . " No one on her team corrected the misattribution , though they laughed about it afterward . As the woman matter-of-factly explained to me , "  He could n't admit anything we said was right if he also had to admit that it had come from a woman . " How far have we come in 40 years ? According to a new book on the the Obama administration , many of the president 's advisers initially showed similar disregard for women . For the first two years , senior female aides complained that male colleagues ignored them , excluded them from key policy meetings , dismissed their opinions and limited their access to the president . It is clear , however , that we have come a long way . When told of the women 's concerns , President Barack Obama convened a dinner with the female staff and took steps to make the atmosphere more inclusive and empowering . Our nation now has three women on the Supreme Court , all of whom out-talk at least one of their male colleagues . And we have a female secretary of state who by all accounts does not get muscled aside by anyone , male or female . Assessing the extent and impact of gender stereotypes is more complex today than it was in the early 1960s . Back then , "  head and master " laws gave husbands the final say in most family decisions . Quotas limited the number of women who could be admitted to law or dental school . "  Help wanted " ads for men only excluded women from even applying for most highly paid and challenging jobs . And of course , men and women in the same jobs were treated differently in salary and promotions . Women now earn more B.A. 's and M.A. 's than men do , and they have pulled even in Ph.D 's . Today , education trumps gender in determining pay , with the result that in most metropolitan regions women in their 20s tend to out-earn men in the same age group because of their greater educational achievement . By contrast , in 1970 , a female college graduate who worked full-time year-round earned less than a white male high school graduate . As President Obama 's senior staff discovered , gender stereotypes still encourage men to dominate and females to defer , perpetuating women 's second-class status in the workforce . Yet these same stereotypes can also penalize males in ways that were not obvious in the past , when male privilege had so many more legal and administrative supports . The mystique of masculinity , for example , encourages many men to view studying hard as "  a girl thing . " It also leads many to seek work in the unstable , seasonal construction sector or in other "  manly " jobs , many of which are concentrated in declining industries , rather than preparing themselves for "  traditionally female " jobs in health care , child care , teaching , and social work . "  Manly " males bully other males who show interest in such work , accusing them of acting "  gay " or being "  girlie-men . " And when men defy these stereotypes to seek such work , they often encounter gender discrimination from employers who believe that a man can not be as good a nurturer or helper as a woman . But at the top of the educational , economic , and political pyramid -- in what were traditionally "  male " kinds of work -- gender stereotypes continue to penalize women . Catalyst , an organization formed in 1962 to help women enter the workplace , titled its 2007 report on the attitudes of more than 1,200 senior executives in the United States and Europe toward female employees : "  Damned If You Do , Damned If You Do n't . " According to their report , when women "  act assertively , focus on work tasks , display ambition , " or engage in other behaviors that receive high praise when done by men , they are perceived as "  too tough " and "  unfeminine . " But when women pay attention to work relationships and express "  concern for other people 's perspective , " they are considered less competent than men . In the television news industry , two-thirds of the news producers , but only 20 percent of the news directors , are female . Men make up more than three-quarters of all workers earning more than $ 100,000 a year , and only 2 percent of Fortune 500 companies are run by women . Part of this pattern may stem from women 's socialization not to put themselves forward too much . Young women are four times less likely than young men to negotiate their first salary , and economists estimate that this unwillingness to assert their own worth as workers ends up costing women $ 500,000 in earnings by the time they reach 60 . But part of the problem is that women 's worth is consistently undervalued by others . A March 2010 study by the American Association of University Women found that among postdoctoral applicants , women had to publish three more papers in the most prestigious journals , or 20 more in the less-prestigious ones , to be considered as productive as male applicants . And it remains true that many men are still socialized to put themselves forward too much , and literally can not hear women who ask for what they want . A wise executive -- in a school , a business , or a nation -- must help his or her team learn to respect all styles of self-presentation and to listen to all views , as Obama evidently did when it was brought to his attention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	Stephanie Coontz : In 1971 she watched as a man took credit for a woman 's idea at a meeting She says a book says high-level women in Obama 's White House complained of being marginalized But reports say Obama met with them to fix problem , she says ; powerful women are no longer rare Coontz : Stereotypes still thwart progress ; smart bosses step in , as Obama apparently did
CNN  -- A Pakistani teenager nearly killed by Taliban gunmen for advocating that all girls should have the right to go to school gave her first formal public remarks Friday at the United Nations . It also happened to be Malala Yousafzai 's 16th birthday . "  Today , it is an honor for me to be speaking again after a long time , " she said . "  Being here with such honorable people is a great moment in my life . " Read more : After Malala , Pakistan 's girls pursue education mission She looked out at an audience of hundreds of children from around the world and U.N. members , including Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , and told them that she was wearing a pink shawl that once belonged to Benazir Bhutto , the two-time prime minister of Pakistan who was killed in 2007 in a suicide attack at a political rally . "  I do n't know where to begin my speech , " she said . "  I do n't know what people would be expecting me to say . But first of all , thank you to God for whom we all are equal and thank you to every person who has prayed for my fast recovery and a new life . I can not believe how much love people have shown me . " Read more : Malala , a global symbol but still just a kid She went on to give a rousing speech , saying that she held no contempt in her heart for the masked gunmen who , on October 9 , 2012 , jumped on her school bus and shouted her name , scaring other girls into identifying her . The gunmen shot and injured two other girls as well as Yousafzai . "  They thought that the bullets would silence us , but they failed , " she said . "  And then , out of that silence , came thousands of voices . " Yousafzai said she does n't want revenge against the Taliban , who have threatened to hunt her down again and end her life . Read more : Malala 's global voice stronger than ever "  Dear sisters and brothers , I am not against anyone , " she said . "  Neither am I here to speak in terms of personal revenge against the Taliban or any other terrorist group . I am here to speak up for the right of education of every child . I want education for the sons and the daughters of all the extremists , especially the Taliban . "  I do n't even hate the Talib who shot me . Even if there is a gun in my hand and he stands in front of me , I would not shoot him . " That is the legacy of nonviolence she has been taught , she said , naming , among others , Martin Luther King Jr. , Jesus Christ , Nelson Mandela and Mother Teresa . "  This is the forgiveness that I have learned from my father and from my mother , " Yousafzai said . "  This is what my soul is telling me . Be peaceful and love everyone . " Read more : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery Yousafzai took up the mantle of defending equal access to education when she was 11 . She and her family were living in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , where the Taliban had issued an edict in 2009 banning all girls from school . Writing anonymously in a blog for the BBC at the time , she praised her father for continuing to operate a school that defied that order . Gordon Brown : The story of Malala 's friend She wrote of the constant , terrifying reminder that war lurked outside her door , and that her books offered peace . "  The night was filled with the noise of artillery fire and I woke up three times , " she blogged . "  But since there was no school I got up later at 10 a.m. Afterwards , my friend came over and we discussed our homework . " Her blog attracted the attention of media everywhere , particularly journalists in the West . For years , this small girl with a big voice made it clear that she was n't going to be intimidated . In interviews , she spoke without her face covered . "  I have the right of education , " she said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Her speech Friday had that same , if not stronger , tone of determination . "  The terrorists thought that they would change our aims and stop our ambitions , " she said , "  but nothing changed in my life except this : Weakness , fear and hopelessness died . Strength , power and courage was born . " Speaking for children across the world , she told world leaders : "  We are really tired of these wars . " Yousafzai went on to address specific attacks in Pakistan on teachers and schoolchildren . Earlier this summer , a teacher was gunned down in front of her son as she drove into her all-girl school . A school principal was killed and his students severely injured when a bomb was tossed onto a school playground at an all-girl school in Karachi in March . In January , five teachers were killed near the town of Swabi in the volatile northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , the United Nations says . And , in June , a suicide bomber blew up a bus carrying 40 schoolgirls as it made its way to an all-girl campus in Quetta . Fourteen female students were killed . "  Dear sisters and brothers , " she said , "  we realize the importance of light when we see darkness . We realize the importance of our voice when we are silenced . In the same way when we were in Swat , we realized the importance of pens and books when we saw the guns . "  The extremists were and they are afraid of books and pens , " she said . "  The power of education frightens them . They are afraid of women . The power of the voice of women frightens them . " This fear is partly based on the Taliban 's own lack of education , Yousafzai said . And , she said , world leaders should "  change their strategic policies " to press for peace and ensure that children 's and women 's rights are protected . "  We call upon all governments to ensure free , compulsory education -- all around the world for every child . " Yousafzai presented Ban , the U.N. secretary-general , with a petition signed by nearly 4 million people in support of the 57 million girls and boys around the world who are denied education . In October , six men were arrested in connection with the attack on Malala and the other schoolchildren who were on the bus as they headed home from school . All of the men were released from jail because of a lack of evidence against them . The one named as the primary suspect , identified by police as Atta Ullah Khan , a 23-year-old man from the Swat district , remains on the run , authorities told CNN . Khan was studying for a master 's degree in chemistry . CNN 's Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	Malala Yousafzai : After the bullets , "  out of that silence came thousands of voices " She addresses the U.N. Youth Assembly , a gathering of more than 500 youth leaders "  I do n't even hate the Talib who shot me , " she said Friday , her 16th birthday "  This is what my soul is telling me , " she said . "  Be peaceful and love everyone "
CNN  -- Mansour Daou is known as the "  Black Box " of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime -- like an aircraft 's data recorder , he knows some of Libya 's darkest secrets . And as one of Gadhafi 's top security officials , who remained at his side until the final hours , Daou has a unique insight into the astonishing downfall of Africa 's longest-serving leader . Now in an interview with CNN he describes how the dictator , who was once of the world 's most feared leaders , was forced to scavenge for food and hide in abandoned houses in the coastal city of Sirte . "  He was very worried and erratic -- this could be because he was afraid , " Daou said . According to Daou , Gadhafi became desperate to travel to his birthplace , the village of Jaref , 20 kilometers west of Sirte , a journey that Daou feared was "  suicide . " "  He wanted to go to his village , maybe he wanted to die there or spend his last moments there , " he said . Finally , after NATO jets attacked his convoy , Gadhafi tried to escape on foot through drainage pipes , but was caught . He was later killed in circumstances that are still far from clear . Gadhafi 's autopsy reveals he was shot in head Daou spoke as he awaited trial at a detention facility in the city of Misrata , which bore the brunt of the regime 's most brutal assault during the conflict . The most significant charges he faces relate to his alleged role in the Abu Salim prison massacre in 1996 , and his role in the alleged hiring of African mercenaries by the regime during the conflict . He told CNN he had no role in those events . The interview was initially delayed by a few hours -- officials said Daou was being interrogated and asked CNN to return in the evening to speak to him . The CNN crew was taken to the bottom floor of the building and led into a conference room where Daou sat at a long table with his interrogator -- a tall , tough-looking Libyan man . Daou , in his late 50s , wore a traditional Arabic gray dishdasha robe and seemed to be in good health . During the hour-long interview , Daou described how he had been in the same car as Gadhafi as they made their chaotic escape from the former leader 's hometown of Sirte . Gadhafi left Tripoli for Sirte on August 18 , according to Daou -- just two days before fighters seeking to oust him entered the capital . Daou said he remained in Tripoli until it became clear the city was no longer safe for the regime 's top tier . He then fled to the city of Bani Walid on August 22 , along with Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam and intelligence chief Abdullah al-Senussi . He stayed with them for four days before joining the former dictator in Sirte . Daou said their living conditions went from bad to worse as the rebels tightened their siege of the city . They moved around abandoned houses every three to four days , he said , surviving on the little food they could find . Towards the end , they had no power , water or communication with the outside world . "  Our lives had turned by about 180 degrees . " Gadhafi spent his final days writing and reading books he had stacked in suitcases , Daou said , but his behavior became more unpredictable . As fighters surrounded Sirte , Gadhafi 's group wanted to leave the city . Daou said he and others knew that if they did not leave before the siege there would be no way out . But Gadhafi refused to leave -- until October 20 -- when he and his son Mutassem decided to make the move to the former dictator 's birthplace . Their group of about 350 men had dropped to fewer than 200 , according to Daou . "  It started dropping daily with some killed , others wounded and those who had left with their families , " he said . Daou described their force as a mostly undisciplined civilian one under the command of Mutassem . They had no plan -- not for fleeing and certainly not for fighting . Their convoy of more than 40 vehicles was supposed to head out before dawn when they thought anti-Gadhafi forces would be resting -- but they were too late . At about 8 a.m. they set out to Gadhafi 's birthplace but NATO jets quickly struck one of the vehicles in the convoy . The impact of the explosion triggered the airbags in the car and Gadhafi sustained a slight injury to his head or chest . Daou remembered a scene of chaos , confusion and horror . As they tried to escape he says anti-Gadhafi fighters opened fire on their cars as they attempted to flee . Then a second airstrike by NATO followed . "  That is when we had the most casualties and destroyed vehicles , our car was hit after we got out of it . Here were many injured : someone lost an arm , another a leg , some were dead . It was terrifying , " Daou recalled . They had no option but to run ; their escape on foot ended with heavy fire from fighters who surrounded them by the drainage pipes they were using to escape through . Daou said he lost consciousness after he was hit by shrapnel in his back and does not know how Gadhafi died . The death of Gadhafi ended the possibility of an insurgency that his loyalists could have mounted , he believes . "  The regime and any power it may have had died with Gadhafi , " he said . The legacy of Libya 's former dictator is now being debated . "  It will be up to the historians , everyone has their opinion , some see him as a dictator who killed his own people , and there is an opposite view . History is usually written by the more powerful , " he said . Gadhafi believed he could remain in power , Daou said , adding that he and other members of the inner circle tried to convince the former strongman to leave the country since March "  to leave with respect ... to save face . " His sons rejected the idea , especially Saif : "  It is not easy for someone who had been in power for 42 years , to believe that it is over in a minute , " Daou said . Daou said he had no idea where the former regime 's most wanted men -- Saif and al-Senussi -- were . But with the International Criminal Court pursuing them , he believes they are probably still in Libya as no country will take them . ICC : Mercenaries may try to help Gadhafi son escape When asked if he thought Saif , who during the conflict vowed to fight until the end , was a fighter , Daou laughed quietly and said : "  I do n't know -- I do n't think so . " As unrest broke out in the region in January , officials in Libya were worried , Daou recalled . "  There was fear and there was concern that this wave could reach Libya and the feeling was right , " he said . Daou said he was in a car with Gadhafi and al-Senussi driving back to Tripoli from Sabha in the south when news reached them about the ousting of the president of neighboring Tunisia . He said they had a serious discussion , but the threat was not taken seriously . According to Daou , Gadhafi felt betrayed by world leaders he considered allies . "  He spoke of friends he said let him down , and did not stand by him , like  Italian Prime Minister Silvio  Berlusconi ,  former British prime minister  Tony Blair , the French president  Nicolas Sarkozy  and  Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip  Erdogan , " Daou said . But a bigger betrayal came from within . Daou says there was a defense plan in place for the capital , but it was treason among the ranks of those who were tasked with securing Tripoli that led to the fall of the capital in a few days . He said more than 3,800 troops were supposed to guard Tripoli 's gates , but on the night anti-Gadhafi fighters entered the capital , fewer than 200 troops were on duty . "  There was big betrayal by the general who was in charge -- it was his brigade that was in charge . Tanks and military vehicles had no crews , watch towers were abandoned , security forces withdrew from the streets because this brigade was not present , " Daou said . With the regime he served for decades now history , Daou awaits trial by Libya 's new rulers . He told us in the presence of his interrogators he is being treated well -- but has yet to see a lawyer whom he has requested . Daou has not visited Tripoli since August . He has no TV and does not know what it looks like now , with his former regime 's green flags replaced by the new national flags and walls covered with anti-Gadhafi graffiti . He says the revolution was the people 's will and they won -- now he says they have to preserve it -- and Libya 's unity . Asked if he regretted being part of the regime , he sighed and chuckled . "  Sometimes I regret everything , I have even regretted being alive , of course a person has regrets at a time in his life and looks back but unfortunately you sometimes regret when it is too late . " CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	Mansour Daou was one of Moammar Gadhafi 's top security officials Daou describes how the former Libyan dictator was forced to scavenge for food Gadhafi spent his final days writing and reading books he had packed in suitcases Daou : Gadhafi became desperate to travel to his birthplace , the village of Jaref
CNN  -- Raul Gonzalez became the leading scorer in Real Madrid history after scoring twice in the 4-0 Primera Liga victory at Sporting Gijon on Sunday . Raul celebrates in familiar style after breaking Di Stefano 's Real Madrid record against Sporting Gijon . The 31-year-old moved two goals ahead of the legendary Alfredo Di Stefano with his 308th and 309th strikes in the famous white shirt . Raul is also the all-time leading scorer in the Champions League and has helped the capital club claim six Primera Liga crowns during almost 15 years ' service at the Bernabeu . His first goal , in the 15th minute , came when Sergio Ramos found space down the right before crossing for Raul to volley home . Dutch forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar had not scored for Real since his 20 million euro move from Ajax , but finally broke his duck with a neat finish on 37 minutes to double Real 's advantage . Brazilian Marcelo skilfully slotted home the third goal to wrap the game up early in the second half before Raul netted again to complete a comfortable victory . The win was Real 's eighth consecutive Premier Liga success and ensured the defending champions closed the gap to runaway leaders Barcelona to 10 points . On Saturday , Barca had to come from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Real Betis with Samuel Eto'o scoring both goals to take his tally to 23 goals for the season .	Raul Gonzalez scores two as Real Madrid beat Sporting Gijon 4-0 on Sunday The goals ensure the 31-year-old breaks Aldfredo Di Stefano 's scoring record Real 's eighth consecutive win closes gap on leaders Barcelona to 10 points
EW.com  -- EW has confirmed that "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " star Sheree Whitfield will no longer be with the show after this season . The news first broke yesterday when Whitfield tweeted , "  Yes it is official I 'm leaving ` Real Housewives of Atlanta . ' I enjoyed my time working with everyone affiliated with the show . " Whitfield explained to Wetpaint , "  The direction the show is going in is no longer a fit for my lifestyle . I 'm tired of the fighting and the cattiness . " She added , "  I want to be part of something that empowers and inspires women to not only be healthy , but to treat themselves with respect . I wish the rest of the women the best of luck . " A rep for Bravo said of Whitfield 's departure , "  We have enjoyed working with Sheree as part of The Real Housewives of Atlanta . We wish her all the best in the future . " That future will include working on her clothing line She by Sheree and launching a fitness brand . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sheree Whitfield tweeted , "  Yes it is official I 'm leaving ` Real Housewives of Atlanta . ' "  I 'm tired of the fighting and the cattiness , " Whitfield told WetPaint Whitfield is working on her clothing line She by Sheree
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Henry Ford once described history as "  one damned thing after another . " And he did n't even live in Louisiana . Much has been made of my "  outburst " toward the Obama administration on May 26 , with George Stephanopoulos on "  Good Morning America , " when I exclaimed , "  Man , you got to get down here and take control of this ! Put somebody in charge of this thing and get this moving . We 're about to die down here ! " But those emotions had been percolating below the surface like the crude that threatens our way of life today . While it is important to note that both BP 's and the administration 's tepid responses to this catastrophe are unacceptable , it is also essential that the rest of the country understand that this feeling of neglect has festered amongst South Louisianians for generations . It 's just one damned thing after another , so the anger rising out of the Gulf is not new . For too long , the federal government and industry alike have simultaneously abused and neglected , patronized and plundered , and now polluted the people of Louisiana . And our plight now is a national emergency . We felt the effects of this neglect for the past five years , after rebuilding a city which was 80 percent flooded due to shoddy construction of flood control systems and levees by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . And we feel ourselves ever more vulnerable due to the nonstop degradation of our wetlands , which serve as our first line of defense against hurricanes and powerful storm surge . For decades , massive engineering projects across the country have made us more vulnerable . We lose a chunk of land the size of a football field every 38 minutes . Since World War II , we 've lost wetlands the size of the state of Delaware . I bet Joe Biden would be screaming on national television too if it was happening on his turf . Or if the Hamptons lost 16,000 acres a year , you bet there 'd be a Million Hedge-Fund Managers March on Washington to demand action . And the loss of coastal wetlands has everything to do with activities across the rest of the country , starting with the deprivation of natural sediment that the Mississippi River should carry to its mouth and dump at the Gulf of Mexico to nourish our barrier islands . The Mississippi River system drains more than 30 states . Part of the sediment is lost by the damming of rivers in the system in the 1950s to provide electricity as well as flood protection for states like North Dakota and Missouri . According to historian John Barry , our sediment level is only 30 to 40 percent of the natural amount , which is why we are losing such valuable land so quickly . Then the oil companies dredged canals in the marshlands in an attempt to grow an industry which now provides the country with more than 30 percent of its domestic oil and natural gas . Saltwater intrusion is killing the marsh . These marshlands provide jobs for tens of thousands of fisherman in an industry that provides over 30 percent of this country 's domestic seafood supply . Canals were also dredged for shipping . Five of the nation 's top 15 ports are located in South Louisiana . So in essence , we are the gateway of commerce to much of the lower 48 states . Add that to the fact that we have not seen a single penny of royalties for oil produced more than six miles off our coast . We assume all of the risk , produce seafood and oil and gas , with none of the reward . Royalties totaling $ 165 billion have gone to the federal treasury when they could go to help repair this pressing issue . But there 's more . In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , federal judge Stanwood Duval Jr. found that the Army Corps of Engineers had displayed "  gross negligence ... insouciance , myopia , and shortsightedness . " He continued , "  The Corps not only knew , but admitted by 1988 , that the -LSB- Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet Project -RSB- threatened human life . " And yet , nothing was done about it until recently . And then BP 's Deepwater Horizon disaster hits , which is the deadliest combination imaginable of corporate greed and governmental malfeasance . We 've been lied to by BP at every turn , from oil-flow estimates to the existence of plumes to health effects . There 's also the blatant malpractice and corruption in the Minerals Management Service . Free meals , cushy seats at sporting events , and other gifts from the folks they were trying to regulate seemed to cloud the judgment of too many MMS officials to be bothered with protecting the interests of our residents and our way of life . In case anyone misses the point here , let me state it bluntly : There is nothing natural about the great engineering failure of 2005 in Orleans and Saint Bernard Parishes . There is nothing natural about the environmental catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico today . Both were the result of shoddy engineering on the part of private industry , which was in both cases supposed to be regulated and overseen by the federal government . Every penny that has been allocated to the hurricane recovery in Orleans and Saint Bernard is owed to us , and every penny in the future that will be allocated as a result of this current catastrophe is owed to us . We do not seek charity , but we do demand justice . So we 've had two monumental , mostly preventable man-made disasters in five years , which brings us to the moment where I said on television the thing that every person who lives south of the Interstate 10/Interstate 12 corridor agrees with . We 've been abused , neglected and exploited for too long . And to be brutally honest , part of my frustration is a sense of personal shame that I have known this was going on for a long time , and I was ineffective in making Louisiana 's case in my years in Washington . But let me say that it 's now time to draw a line in the alluvial mud . We want our fair share of oil revenues now so that we can protect ourselves . And we want to be treated like we matter . And we 're not whiners . We produce oil and gas and produce seafood and allow goods to flow freely to the heartland . We assume the risks with little reward . Jobs and livelihoods are at stake . In the end , whatever past transgressions by the country toward us or whatever our failures to articulate our plight have been , we should be reminded of the words of Admiral Lord Nelson just before the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 : "  England expects that every man will do his duty . " And in this , the most critical hour in our region 's long , tortured , and yet glorious history , let 's remind ourselves that Louisiana expects every person to do his or her duty . This is a struggle for the preservation of our culture , way of life , and the land we love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville : Louisiana has been abused and neglected too long He says the region 's oil industry and ports have served the nation Marshlands have been harmed by industry , hurting fishing , he says Flooding from Katrina , BP leak were mostly-preventable man-made disasters , he says
CNN  -- In just a few months , Syria 's rebels have transformed themselves from ragtag village defense forces into an armed movement capable of attacking the country 's two largest cities , Aleppo and Damascus . Now they are bracing themselves for what one Syrian newspaper has called "  the mother of all battles . " Both the rebels and the regime are building up their manpower in and around Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , where the rebels have made inroads this past week . Fighting has already begun . Syrian rebels seize military base outside Aleppo Several world leaders have expressed deep concern about a "  devastating " government counterattack in Aleppo . But the rebels , encouraged by the progress they 've made , remain undeterred . War crimes in Aleppo , Arab League chief says "  We will fight this dictator and all of his aircraft , tanks and rockets , " said Ahmed Afash , a rebel squad leader based in Anadan , a rebel-controlled town just six miles north of Aleppo . "  We started out this struggle with rocks . " Now they have rocket-propelled grenades , mortars , assault rifles and other powerful weapons . Afash and other rebels in Anadan proudly showed off the artillery they had seized from Syrian forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . "  I 've fired this gun about 2,000 times , " said rebel Jamal Awar , referring to a double-barreled , anti-aircraft gun on top of a truck . Awar , a former bus driver , said he shot down a helicopter several weeks ago with the gun . "  I was ecstatic , I was very happy , " Awar said . But even with all the new weapons , can the rebels fend off an air assault ? Mustafa Abdullah , a major rebel commander , told CNN there simply is n't enough ammunition to withstand a government siege . He said it will "  be just like Homs " and wept at the thought of a similar massacre . World leaders and outside experts have also expressed doubt that the rebels have the weaponry to counter the regime 's aerial threat . While they might lack firepower , however , the rebels have plenty of commitment and passion for their cause . "  I go to war for my family , for my country , " said Soukrot Amin , a 23-year-old Aleppo native who recently volunteered to be in the Free Syrian Army . "  Because  al-Assad  has killed everyone . He killed my cousin . He destroyed my village . He destroyed my home . " The rebel militias are composed in large part of defector soldiers . But there are also many civilians , including students , shopkeepers , real-estate agents , and even members of al-Assad 's ruling party . More : Faces of the Free Syrian Army Ahmed Habib spent a decade working as a bureaucrat with the Aleppo branch of the Ba'ath party . But eight months after joining the rebels , he was dressed in improvised military fatigues , carrying a Belgian-made Fabrique Nationale assault rifle slung over his shoulder . "  We wished to have a new democracy when Bashar al-Assad became president , " he said . "  We wished to have freedom for the people . But that never happened . We just got new cars and computers . It 's ... nothing . "  We tell Bashar al-Assad , very soon we will be in Damascus , in the president 's palace , we promise that . " Last week , a bombing in Damascus killed several of the regime 's top defense officials , including al-Assad 's brother-in-law . But the rebels ' progress into the Syrian capital seems to have faded as a result of a strong government counterattack . Q&A : A bloody mess could get messier The rebels now see Aleppo , the country 's economic hub and its most populous city , as crucial to their cause . And they 're throwing much of their manpower in the north of the country to fight for it . Some other nearby cities have been abandoned . In Atareb , Bashar al-Assad 's troops left behind a bullet-riddled ghost town patrolled by rebels and a handful of shell-shocked residents . The Bab el Hawa highway , which ran through the center of the town , was renamed the "  Street of Death " by rebels . Until recently , they said , anyone who dared set foot on the highway became a target . Now it 's a mini-graveyard of burned-out armored personnel carriers . "  This used to be a very classy area . ... The Turks would come here to see our village , " said a fighter named Abdullah Behri , who lost his left eye to shrapnel during a battle there in May . "  Now it has all turned to hell , " he said , pointing at the town 's deserted streets . Is a similar fate in store for Aleppo ? In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters that U.S. officials are concerned "  that we will see a massacre in Aleppo -- and that 's what the regime appears to be lining up for . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the escalation could lead to a "  devastating loss of civilian life and a humanitarian disaster . " But the rebels know the risks and they are ready to fight . One veteran fighter named Khorshid had no illusions that the battle for Aleppo would be easy . He choked back tears Tuesday after burying his slain friend Housam Abdul Rashid . Then he swore to return to the front lines . "  Tonight , " Khorshid said . "  We must fight Bashar al-Assad , because if not , he will kill us . " CNN 's Ivan Watson inside Syria : Rebels attack army base Tense Syria prisoner exchange turns into sitcom Clock ticks for ` mother of all battles ' in Aleppo CNN 's Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Aleppo , Syria 's second-largest city , is now the flashpoint of the country 's civil war There are widespread concerns about a "  devastating " government counterattack The rebels have gotten stronger in the past few months and built up their arsenal But it might not be enough to withstand the regime 's aerial firepower
CNN  -- It 's another case of horse meat being found in products that are not supposed to contain it . Furniture giant Ikea said Thursday it pulled hotdogs from its stores in Russia after tests revealed they contained rogue horse meat . Dozens of processed meat products have been pulled by European suppliers , retailers and food outlets in the past several weeks after the discovery of unauthorized horse meat in them . Opinion : Scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade Ikea said in a statement Thursday it had undertaken wide-scale testing of its meat products from different suppliers in all its markets . "  The vast majority of these tests show no indication of horse meat . However , there are also a few tests that do . In those cases we remove the product from sales , " the company said . "  IKEA Group is committed to serving and selling high quality food that is safe , healthy and produced with care for the environment . " The test result from Russia concerns locally produced hotdogs and only affects the Russian market , Ikea said . The alert over the hotdogs has added to what has been a difficult couple of weeks for Ikea . What 's behind the horsemeat contamination scandal ? Ten days ago , the company suspended sales of its Swedish meatballs after testing in the Czech Republic revealed traces of horse DNA . Testing since has revealed the presence of horse meat in a few samples of Ikea meatballs from a supplier in Sweden , the firm said Thursday . Ikea also said Tuesday it was withdrawing its almond cake with chocolate and butterscotch from sale in 23 countries after traces of coliform bacteria -- organisms found in the environment and in the feces of warm-blooded animals and humans -- were found in two batches . The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe , with questions raised over slaughterhouses and food suppliers in a number of countries . The UK Food Standards Agency released the results Friday of the latest round of testing ordered on products labeled beef across the UK food industry . Horse : Coming soon to a meat case near you ? So far , more than 99 % of tests continue to show no horse DNA at or above the level of 1 % , it said . Horse meat is not harmful in itself but authorities are concerned by its unauthorized presence in case it is tainted with a veterinary drug used to treat horses . Phenylbutazone , also known as bute , is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can pose a risk to humans . The European Union said last month it intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states .	Ikea says horse meat has been found in hotdogs produced for sale in Russia The company says testing has shown the vast majority of its products are not affected The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe in recent weeks
JACKSONVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Police believe they have found the remains of a missing Marine buried in the backyard of the prime suspect in the case and blood spatter evidence inside his home , authorities said Friday evening . Investigators search for the body of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach Friday . Tests found the "  trace of violent activity in the house " and "  evidence of an attempted cleanup , " said Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown . Investigators are treating the death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach as a murder , Brown added . Lauterbach , 20 -- who was eight months pregnant -- was reported missing from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , by her mother December 19 . Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean , whom Lauterbach had accused of rape , is the suspected killer , and is being sought , Brown said . He confirmed that Laurean had left a note , but did not divulge what it said . Investigators told CNN , however , that Laurean left a note to his wife saying Lauterbach had committed suicide and that he buried the body . "  Evidence now is saying what he 's claiming happened did not happen like he said it happened , " Brown said . Authorities searching Laurean 's home found a cavity in his backyard earlier Friday . A preliminary investigation indicated a "  suspicious situation , " prompting police to secure the scene and wait for daylight Saturday . Watch authorities search for a grave " "  We think that we have found what would be the skeletal remains -LSB- of Lauterbach -RSB- , " Onslow County District Attorney Dewey Hudson told reporters . While authorities will not know for sure until Saturday , "  there are certainly some strong indicators that there are human remains " buried in the cavity , he said . "  It does n't take a rocket scientist to understand if there 's a cavity out back and blood on the inside , that 's probably going to be a key location for where this crime may have taken place , " Brown said . He also hinted that investigators have uncovered more twists in the case . "  I do think this case is going to be a bizarre ending , and when I say bizarre , more than just a death and a burial . " Brown stunned reporters earlier in the day by opening a press conference with the announcement : "  She is dead , and she is buried . " Watch Brown describe the cavity " Laurean , a 21-year-old from Nevada , is believed to have left the Marine base about 4 a.m. Friday , driving a black Dodge pickup with North Carolina license plate TRR1522 , Brown said . He repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney would n't let him . The sheriff was downcast at a midday news conference . "  These cases , investigations , become personal . I just want to cry , " he said . "  I 'm telling you , at this point , I 'm down , way down . " Watch sheriff announce that Marine is dead " Mary Lauterbach reported her daughter missing after being unable to contact her . She said she last spoke to her December 14 . In a handwritten note , the Lauterbach family in Vandalia , Ohio , mourned their loss . "  We would like to thank everyone for their prayers in this time of grieving , " the note said . "  Maria has been a gift for her family and friends . The outpouring of love from family , friends , neighbors and the general community has been very touching . "  Please understand that the family needs time alone to deal with this tragedy . We wish to thank everyone for their love and concern . " "  They 're having a very difficult time dealing with this , " said Peter Steiner , a Kentucky psychiatrist who is Maria Lauterbach 's uncle and Mary Lauterbach 's brother . "  They remained hopeful , and really , although everyone knew it was a possibility , it was very difficult when it became apparent . " Brown said a witness came forward Friday morning with a statement and evidence that convinced authorities Lauterbach was dead . Brown would n't name the witness , or describe Lauterbach 's cause of death , except to say she died "  from an injury . " Asked whether the witness was in protective custody , Brown said the person does not feel the need for protective custody , as Laurean likely left the county and possibly the state . A source close to the investigation told CNN the witness is Laurean 's wife . Lauterbach 's relatives believe the pregnancy was the result of the alleged rape , Steiner said . A reporter who asked military officials why Laurean had n't been taken into custody after Lauterbach reported the alleged rape was told there were indications that Lauterbach and Laurean carried on "  some sort of friendly relationship " after she filed the complaint against him . "  The information developed over the last 24 hours leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact " with him , said Paul Ciccarelli , agent in charge of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service at Camp Lejeune . Because of that , Laurean was n't considered a flight risk , he said . Steiner disputed that , saying his niece had no relationship with Laurean . Ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active . Watch police face unanswered questions " Lauterbach disappeared before she was able to testify at an Article 32 hearing -- a kind of military grand jury -- about the sexual assault . Earlier Friday , Brown said a Marine who returned to North Carolina from California -- Sgt. Daniel Durham , 20 , in whose home Lauterbach had been living for a short time -- was questioned , but does not appear to have any link to the death . Lauterbach had rented a room in Durham 's home , off the base , because she had been subjected to repeated harassment by the Marines after reporting the alleged rape , Steiner said . Her car had been keyed and an anonymous person had "  slugged " her in the face , he said . Lauterbach 's cell phone was found on a roadside near Camp Lejeune on December 20 . Her car was found Monday in the parking lot of a fast-food restaurant and had apparently been there since December 15 , Brown said . A bus ticket to El Paso , Texas , was bought in Lauterbach 's name on the same day , but Brown said it was never used . See a timeline of the case " Investigators have said a withdrawal from Lauterbach 's bank account was made on December 14 , and there was "  suspicious activity " on the account 10 days later . Lauterbach and her mother last spoke about 2:30 p.m. the day Lauterbach disappeared , Steiner said . At the time , she had experienced some contractions . "  She was ready to have that baby . " His niece "  was an energetic , very athletic , beautiful young lady . She was a person that we 're all dearly , dearly going to miss , " he said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Tests find "  trace of violent activity in the house , " sheriff says NEW : Investigators : Suspect left a note saying Marine had committed suicide NEW : Source : Witness who came forward Friday is suspect 's wife Official : We think we have found Lauterbach 's skeletal remains
CNN  -- The United States is urging Turkey to show restraint after Kurdish rebels attacked its forces on Sunday , killing at least 17 Turkish soldiers and wounding 16 others near Turkey 's border with Iraq and Iran , according to Turkey 's defense minister . A Turkish soldier walks through the village of Senoba , Turkey , near the border with Iraq . The initial response by Turkish forces was to hit back by killing 32 rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , in southern Turkey , according to a statement on an official government Web site . Sunday 's deadly attack on Turkish soldiers prompted outrage among citizens in Istanbul , Turkey , who took to the streets in protest . Defense Minister Vecdi Gonul said that , in addition to the 17 killed , 10 Turkish soldiers were missing after the ambush in southern Turkey . He denied reports they had been abducted by PKK rebels . Shortly after the attack , a wedding convoy tripped a landmine in Daglica , Turkey , near the ambush site , a Turkish government source said . The attack wounded 12 people and is believed to have been the work of PKK rebels , the source said . Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the attack " After an emergency meeting Sunday of Turkey 's military and political leaders President Abdullah Gul issued a statement saying : "  We will continue on our path of determination in fighting the terrorist organization . We respect Iraq 's national borders . But -LSB- we -RSB- will not tolerate those who help and harbor terrorists . " There are fears that the escalation in fighting could spill into northern Iraq 's Kurdish region , where Turkey insists the PKK leadership is based . But Iraq denies that , saying PKK leaders are hiding out in rugged mountain areas along the Turkish border that are not controlled by Iraq . Cross-border shelling between Turkish forces and PKK rebels in northern Iraq continued Sunday . Iraqi leaders fear Turkish ground forces could make a major push into northern Iraq after Turkey 's parliament approved such an incursion in an overwhelming vote last week . Gonul on Sunday assured U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates that Ankara would not to carry out an imminent ground incursion , but he did not abandon the possibility of sending Turkish troops into northern Iraq , which Gonul called "  a safe haven " for PKK rebels . Gonul and Gates met in Kiev , Ukraine . Gates said : "  A major cross-border operation would be contrary to Turkey 's interests as well as to our own and that of Iraq . " Iraq 's President Jalal Talabani , who is Kurdish , addressed the rising tensions with Turkey during a meeting with Kurdish regional leader Massoud Barzani in Irbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Talabani reiterated Iraq 's demand that PKK rebels lay down their arms , and restated calls for a diplomatic solution . He also said Sunday that Iraqi forces are unable to find the rebel leaders because of the difficult landscape . "  The Turkish military , with its mightiness , could not annihilate them or arrest them , so how could we arrest them and hand them to Turkey ? " Talabani said at a news conference following his meeting with Barzani . Turkey 's parliament last week passed a measure that enables its military to launch an incursion into northern Iraq and chase down Kurdish rebels . Although Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the vote in his parliament last week would n't necessarily trigger immediate military action against the PKK , the United States and Iraqi officials have been in high diplomatic gear for days in efforts to keep Turkey from carrying out the proposed cross-border assaults against the rebels . The United States fears a large-scale military operation by Turkey in northern Iraq would undermine the stability of the U.S.-backed government in Baghdad and jeopardize supply lines that support U.S. troops in Iraq . Tariq al-Hashimi , one of Iraq 's two vice presidents and a top Sunni Arab leader , met with Turkish leaders last week about the tensions along the Iraq-Turkish border , and said the talks "  ended in good results , " his office said in a statement . Iraq 's Kurdish region -- which consists of Duhuk , Irbil and Sulaimaniya provinces -- has had a close economic relationship with Turkey , and the passage of the Turkish measure has stoked anger there . When asked how Iraq 's government would respond to the possibility of Turkish ground forces in northern Iraq , Barzani urged dialogue with Turkey but said Iraqi forces would act "  in self-defense . " "  We will not be a part of any such conflict , " Barzani said . "  But if we are targeted directly we will defend ourselves . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad and Talia Kayali in Atlanta contributed to this report	Kurdish rebels kill at least 12 Turkish soldiers , Turkish government says Turkish forces respond by killing 32 PKK rebels , government says Fighting taking place inside Turkey near border with Iraq and Iran NEW : Turkey holds emergency cabinet meeting ; U.S. urges restraint
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Four massive explosions -- at least one set off by a suicide bomber -- rocked a busy area of Baghdad on Thursday . The blasts came in quick succession around 1 p.m. not far from the fortified area known as the Green Zone , where international and government employees work . Black smoke filled the sky as fires raged for nearly two hours and frantic Iraqis shouted out for their loved ones . One woman screamed , "  My son ! " At least 18 people were killed and 53 were wounded , police officials in Baghdad told CNN . In one of the attacks , a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vest inside the Justice Ministry building , Iraqi security officials told CNN . Iraqi state television reported that three gunmen rushed into the building , but Iraqi forces killed them . Iraqi forces continued to search the building to make sure employees were safe , the government-run news outlet said . It 's unclear at this time how the bomber and gunmen were able to get to the Justice Ministry , considering there are multiple checkpoints and other security measures in place to help keep the high-traffic area secure . A two-year college nearby was also damaged . Three hours after the blasts , Iraqi military helicopters were still hovering over the Justice Ministry as the sounds of sirens wailed . The attacks come as the 10th anniversary of the start of the Iraq war nears . The invasion began on March 20 , 2003 . iReport Special : 10 years on , the war through your eyes	Eighteen are dead after four blasts hit a high-traffic area in central Baghdad In one blast , a suicide bomber detonated explosives inside the Justice Ministry building Iraqi state TV : Gunmen stormed the building but were killed by Iraqi security forces The blasts happened near the fortified area known as the Green Zone
Could your cell phone be bad for your health ? Maybe . But not because it 's zapping your brain . More homes are using just the cell phones , which limits the CDC 's ability to collect health data . According to a report released this week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , as many as one-quarter of homes in certain areas , such as Oklahoma and Utah , lack a landline and are completely reliant on cell phones . While that 's terrific news for reducing the cost of phone bills , it may not be so great in terms of health -- or at least health care in general . The CDC often relies solely on landline phones when conducting large , state-based health surveys , conducted every year to determine sexual habits , childhood immunizations rates , and dozens of others factors related to American health . "  It does n't affect health per se , rather it has implications for how well the CDC and others can track the health of the nation , " said Stephen Blumberg , senior scientist at the CDC 's National Center for Health Statistics . The federal government and states often use the survey information to set national health policies aimed at reducing the number of people who lack health insurance , decreasing high-risk behavior and determining immunization rates for children and teens , Blumberg said . The CDC 's report is the first to compare wireless phone -- only homes on a state-by-state basis . The new report is based on 2007 data , which found that Oklahoma had the highest percentage of cell phone -- only homes  at 26 percent  and Vermont has the lowest  5 percent  . There are probably more landline-free homes now , as the rate has increased by 3 percentage points each year , said Blumberg . Health.com : Cell phone study suggests people are losing their wanderlust "  I 'd expect today in 2009 the rate is probably 5 percentage points higher , perhaps even more , " he said . Overall , about one in six American homes or about 18 percent , rely solely on wireless phones . The high rates of cell phone -- only homes were not that surprising , said Blumberg . What was surprising , he noted , was the wide variation from state to state . The rates of cell phone -- only homes are generally low in the Northeast ; for example , Connecticut  5.6 percent  , New Jersey  8.0 percent  and Delaware  5.7 percent  have low rates . In other areas , it 's a different story - in Nebraska the rate is 23.2 percent , and in Arkansas it 's 22.6 percent . Check your state 's percentage of wireless phone -- only homes . The wide variation is due to factors such as income and age . Young adults living on their own in rentals , for instance , are less likely to have landlines . "  Households in poverty or near poverty are also more likely to be wireless-only , " said Blumberg . While missing a pesky phone call from a CDC researcher asking probing questions about your private health information may seem like a good thing , it 's not , said Blumberg . "  As a result of missing all of these wireless-only households , those surveys can be biased , " he explained . "  The potential for bias in Oklahoma is greater than the potential for bias in Vermont . " Some major , national CDC surveys are done door-to-door , but many state surveys rely on landline phones . The CDC does n't use cell phones for a number of reasons , said Blumberg . Most callers are n't happy about using cell phone minutes to chat about a survey , and participants might want compensation for taking part in the survey . The Telephone Consumer Protection Act forbids the use of automated or computer-generated dialing to cell phone numbers . Researchers can do it by hand , but it costs more money . Researchers are considering finding ways to call cell phones or going back to an older method , in which surveys are mailed to specific addresses . It seems unlikely that Americans will be adding landlines back into the mix any time soon or ever , particularly given the added expense in a weak economy . Health.com : 10 ways to go from tired to terrific "  All of the major surveys are already experimenting with methods of contacting the wireless only population , " said Blumberg . "  It has to be done , but it requires additional money and experimentation to determine the best way to do it . " Health.com : How exercise can help fibromyalgia Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	CDC relies on landline phones for health surveys , conducted every year Survey used for national health policies for health insurance , immunization and etc. . 26 percent of Oklahoma were cell phone-only homes ; Vermont had 5 percent
New York  CNN  -- A Bronx middle school principal 's job is in jeopardy after investigators say she failed to report student allegations of inappropriate conduct by a teacher who was later arrested and charged with sexually assaulting a female student . A report released Thursday alleges that Angelyn Donald , principal at PS 386 , was told by a number of students about note passing and even kissing between their 10-year-old classmate and her 40-year-old special education teacher , Anthony Criscuolo . Criscuolo was arrested in June after the alleged victim 's mother called police , according to NYPD Detective Marc Nell . He is currently jailed on charges of predatory sexual assault against a child . The investigation was conducted by Richard Condon , special commissioner of investigation for the New York City School District . When one student reported to Donald 's office after witnessing the alleged victim and Criscuolo kissing and another told her about reading an allegedly sexually explicit note passed between the two , Donald told the students not to spread rumors and that she would look into the allegations , according to the report . Another student told investigators that Donald demanded proof of the alleged conduct . In an interview with investigators , Donald denied being notified of any inappropriate conduct by students . CNN 's efforts to reach Donald for a statement were unsuccessful . She told the New York Daily News on Thursday morning , "  I do n't know anything about that " when asked about the alleged Criscuolo incidents . "  I have no comment . " Donald has been at PS 386 since November 2011 and the principal there since June 2012 , according to David Pena , deputy press secretary for the New York City Department of Education . "  We take these matters very seriously . Department of Education employees have an obligation to report any suspected incident of sexual misconduct . The principal will be reassigned away from the school and we will be seeking her termination , " Pena said in a statement . Investigators have turned their findings over to the Bronx County District Attorney 's office , according to the report . The charge against Criscuolo stemmed from an purported incident in June in the teacher 's car , according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Criscuolo , who taught 5th grade special education , was immediately reassigned away from the school and any students , Connie Pankratz , a spokeswoman for the Department of Education , told CNN . Criscuolo began working in the New York City school system in 2002 as a substitute teacher in the Bronx . In his most recent position at PS 386 , he was paid $ 72,990 , Pankratz said . Criscuolo 's next court appearance will be January 24 , 2014 . CNN 's Chris Boyette and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report	New York schools says principal failed to act on student concerns They allegedly told principal about inappropriate behavior by teacher That teacher faces sexual assault charges Principal could face dismissal
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A sweet sadness blankets Hector Mendez 's face , appropriate , perhaps , for a middle-age man who has seen suffering and miracles at once . Many other rescuers have left the Haitian capital , no hope left in their hearts 15 long days after the massive earthquake that ravaged this country and entombed so many in the rubble . But not Mendez . Every day for more than a week , he has stepped down into the dark crevices of a destroyed building to look for two people : Daniel Varese and his 4-year-old son Mateo . Mateo 's mother , Marylinda Gonzalez Davi , a United Nations employee from Guatemala who has been living in Haiti for four years , was at work when the earth shook violently on January 12 . Rescuers pulled her 1-year-old daughter Fabiana alive from the rubble , but there was no sign of her husband and son . She refused to believe they were dead . Word of her plight reached Mendez , who had arrived in Port-au-Prince with a team of 25 Mexican rescue workers . "  We told her we wo n't leave . We will stay by her side , " Mendez said . He has a grandchild the same age as Mateo . His orange jumpsuit dulled by dust , Mendez and his crew made camp adjacent to the rubble of the landmark Hotel Montana . They slept out in the open , with Gonzalez and her friend . They took short naps to re-energize . Then they went back in to search . Each day , they pulled things from the place that Gonzalez called home : a stuffed animal , her husband 's computer , a piece of carpet . It helped Mendez to know what room of the apartment they had entered . He kept moving , deeper and deeper . In search of smell . In search of the slightest sound . Of an infant 's whimper , a man 's weak cry for help . Mendez became convinced father and son might be alive . He knows well the science of rescue after doing it for a quarter century . "  There is no smell , " he said . And that could mean they were alive . Even two weeks after the earth shook , people were being rescued . Each gave Gonzalez hope . And that propelled Mendez . He believes in the power of love . The strong bonds between a man and his child , trapped together . That link , he thought , could be enough to sustain them . A veteran of many disasters After a killer earthquake struck his hometown of Mexico City in 1985 , Mendez , 46 , felt a need to give back the humanitarian gestures extended to his own people . He joined a team called the Topos , or moles , named so because the rescuers wriggled through the deepest darkest corners in search of life . He volunteered to rush to disasters : to Indonesian quakes , five times ; to Latin American countries ; to Iran , Turkey , India and Egypt ; to New Orleans , Louisiana , after Hurricane Katrina and to New York after the 2001 terror attacks . Haiti , he said , is one of the worst situations he has seen . "  People are very , very poor here . " Much of the infrastructure and construction was so shoddy . This was the first time government officials paid for his flight . Usually , he finds his own way . And that has left him penniless and jobless . "  Who will hire this old man now ? " he asked . "  People tell me I am mad . " He does the work because he loves to help people . "  It 's worth it to find one person alive . " Behind him , the incessant sound of a jackhammer deafened the ear . Above him , the roar of jets taking off from the airport . But it was below where Mendez belonged . Time was ticking . Sometimes , in the darkness , when he was crawling like a mole , the earth trembled . "  Replica ! Replica ! " some of his men shouted . There was always the fear that whatever was left standing would tumble in the many aftershocks this city has felt . "  We laugh , " he said . "  We do n't scream like ladies . There is nothing you can do inside . You only die once . It would be an honor to die in the rubble . " From other people , the statement might seem trite . But Mendez 's eyes make you believe . He is called Chino because people say he looks Chinese . He says he has the look of a fierce Mexican Indian . After so many days , Mendez was running on two hours sleep -- and hope . But late Wednesday his search finally ended . His men found two bodies buried deep in the apartment . Mateo was in his father 's arms . In Haiti , Mendez had hoped for a miracle . Instead , he saw more suffering . This , too , will define the curves of his face .	Rescuer searched every day for a woman 's husband and 4-year-old son in Haiti He believed father and son could be alive , that their bond could sustain them The response to a quake in his own country inspired him to assist in disasters His efforts ended not as he had hoped , but with the sight of more suffering
CNN  -- President Obama will deliver a eulogy on Sunday for the 29 workers killed in a mine explosion in West Virginia . Before the service in Beckley , the president and Vice President Joe Biden will meet privately with the miners ' relatives . "  All the hard work . All the hardship . All the time spent underground . It was all for their families . For a car in the driveway . For a roof overhead . For a chance to give their kids opportunities they never knew ; and enjoy retirement with their wives , " Obama will say in his eulogy , according to excerpts that the White House made available . "  It was all in the hopes of something better . These miners lived -- as they died -- in pursuit of the American dream . " The April 5 blast at the Upper Big Branch Mine was the worst U.S. mine disaster since 1972 , when 91 miners died in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . Obama ordered a review , saying the mine explosion was due in part to failures by both the management and loopholes in existing laws and regulations . "  We can not bring back the men we lost . What we can do , in their memory , is thoroughly investigate this tragedy and demand accountability , " the president said soon after the explosion . Obama called Massey Energy Co. , the coal producer that owns the mine , a "  safety violator " and described the safety record at the mine as "  troubled . " Massey Energy later called Obama 's criticism "  regrettable " and defended its safety record . "  We fear that the president has been misinformed about our record and the mining industry in general , " the company said .	President Obama to attend memorial service for West Virginia miners killed in explosion April 5 blast was worst U.S. mine tragedy in nearly 40 years Obama has ordered review into cause of explosion
CNN  -- Both Massachusetts governor candidates have suspended campaign activity Thursday to honor former Boston Mayor Tom Menino , who died this morning , as politicians across the state and D.C. remember the city 's longest serving mayor . President Barack Obama said he and First Lady Michelle Obama were saddened to learn of Menino 's passing in a statement . "  Bold , big-hearted , and Boston strong , Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led for more than two decades , " the White House statement said . "  His legacy lives on in every neighborhood he helped revitalize , every school he helped turn around , and every community he helped make a safer , better place to live . " Democratic governor candidate and Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley called the fellow Democrat the "  greatest mayor in -LSB- Boston 's -RSB- history . " "  What made Tom Menino so remarkable was his connection to the people he represented -- he understood their lives , their hopes , and their dreams , " she said in a statement . "  And he fought for them every day . " Coakley 's opponent , Republican Charlie Baker , has cancelled public events Thursday and Friday "  out of respect for the passing of Mayor Menino , " according to a campaign statement on Twitter . Statements of condolences from other well-known politicians continue to pour in , including one from Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren , of Massachusetts . "  The City of Boston lost a great fighter today . Mayor Tom Menino used his big heart , his strong voice , and his fierce determination to shape every corner of the city . " Warren said . "  Our mayor is gone , but he lives on in every neighborhood in Boston . " Secretary of State John Kerry weighed in with an emotional statement this morning . "  Tom Menino was Boston . In fact , if you just look around the city , you 'll see with your own eyes that he is Boston today , " said Kerry , a former Massachusetts senator , highlighting Menino 's folksy appeal and down-to-earth attitude . "  People came up to the Mayor and asked him to fix things , and he followed up and fixed them , whether it was streetlights or parks or getting the snow plowed so people could get to work on time . He knew what built community . He felt the city and the neighborhoods in his bones . " Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick called Menino a "  political giant . " " -LSB- My wife -RSB- Diane and I have lost a friend , " he said . Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who led the city for three terms , highlighted his partnership with Menino on gun control . "  Tom Menino was a terrific mayor and a close partner for me , " Bloomberg wrote in a statement . "  In 2006 , we formed Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- and what began as a meeting of 15 mayors ultimately became a coalition of more than 1,000 mayors from around the country . Whether it was tackling illegal guns or reviving neighborhoods , Tom was never afraid to take on tough issues . " Menino , who emerged as a leader on environmental issues , economic development and LGBT rights , announced he would step down in 2013 because of persistent health issues . A few weeks later , he famously left his own hospital bed during the Boston Marathon bombing to appear at a televised memorial service for victims . He died Thursday at 71 after a long battle with cancer .	Both candidates for governor in Massachusetts cancel campaign activity They 're responding to the passing of former Boston Mayor Tom Menino Other top politicians have offered their condolences
She was supposed to be facing Roberta Vinci at a tennis tournament in Carlsbad , California but Bojana Jovanovski instead landed 1,500 km short -- in Carlsbad , New Mexico . The Serbian player had mistakenly flown to the wrong town after a travel mix-up and only arrived at the correct destination half an hour before her first round match after an early morning flight . Things went from bad to worse when she finally made it on court at the Mercury Insurance Open as she lost 3-6 6-4 6-1 to her Italian opponent . The 19-year-old took part in a tournament in Maryland the week before and then flew from Washington to Dallas and then via Albuquerque to the wrong Carlsbad . After arriving at a near-empty airport Jovanovski called tournament organizers who said they had officials looking for her in the arrivals hall at the Californian destination . "  They said they were at the airport and looking for me , " she was quoted as saying by AFP . "  I said I was the only person here . " After the mix-up was discovered , Jovanovski spent the night in the New Mexico town before her early morning scramble to the right Carlsbad the following day .	Serbian tennis star Bojana Jovanovski flies to wrong town for tennis tournament Jovanovski went to Carlsbad , California instead of Carlsbad , New Mexico The 19-year-old got to her match with 30 minutes to spare and promptly lost
CNN  -- A Canadian teenage girl has been found guilty of distributing child pornography in connection with "  sexting " pictures of her boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend , the youth crown prosecutor for Victoria said Friday . The British Columbia case of the then 16-year-old , who is not identified because she is a minor , is believed to be one of the first cases in Canada where a teenager has been convicted of child pornography charges related to "  sexting . " The teenager , who also was convicted of uttering threats , is out on bail while awaiting sentencing , Crown Prosecutor Chandra Fisher said . She declined to speculate on what sentence the teen might face . Calling the case "  precedent-setting , " Fisher said the case should serve as a warning to teens about what they text and post online . The case began in November 2012 when the teen learned that her 17-year-old boyfriend was still in contact with his former girlfriend . "  The accused was not at all happy that he was still in touch with his ex , " Fisher told CNN . The teenager initially threatened the ex-girlfriend on Facebook , the prosecutor said . She then texted five explicit pictures of the ex-girlfriend that she found on her boyfriend 's phone to a group of people , Fisher said . The teen 's attorney , Christopher Mackie , said the charges were inappropriate . "  Our sights have always been set on the constitutional question . ... She never denied that she did this , " he told CNN . "  Online bullying , yes . Child pornography , no . " When bullying goes high-tech 10 % of tweens , teens have ` sexted '	In November 2012 , the teen " sexted " photos of her boyfriend 's ex She was convicted of distribution of pornography Crown prosecutor Chandra Fisher calls it a "  precedent-setting " case The sentence is pending
Think the $ 18 martini you ordered at the hotel bar was steep ? That was peanuts . As in , the little dish of complimentary germ-infested peanuts on the bar . From California to New York and everywhere in between , ritzy bars are playing a crazy game of "  Who Can Make the Costliest Cocktail ? " -- and the competition is as stiff as the product . We scoured the country for examples of the most over-the-top pours we could find , excluding those accompanied by crown jewels or crystal goblets . Even still , you may need to skip a mortgage payment or two to enjoy a night of these extravagant cocktails . The World Cocktail  World Bar , New York City Price : $ 50 If you want to grab the attention of The Donald , ordering the priciest drink in all of Trump Tower is a place to start . That drink would be the World Bar 's aptly named World Cocktail , a blend of grape juice , lemon juice , simple syrup , 23k edible liquid gold , Pineau des Charentes and bitters , topped with Veuve Clicquot champagne . When the cocktail debuted in 2002 , it was considered the most expensive in the world . Oh , how times have changed . 8 best beer towns in the U.S. . The Benjamin  Red O Restaurant , Los Angeles Price : $ 100 Mexican cuisine master Rick Bayless made noise in 2011 when his L.A. spot Red O debuted its $ 100 margarita , dubbed The Benjamin . So what makes a marg worth a C note ? To start , it uses three exquisite , extra aejo  or "  ultra-aged "  tequilas : Patron Burdelos , Herradura Selection Suprema and Partida Elegante . Add some Grand Marnier Cuvee du Cent Cinquentanaire , 100 % organic agave syrup , fresh lime juice and Louis XIII cognac to float and you 're almost there . Ca n't forget the blood orange caviar and edible-gold-and-kosher-salt rim ! The Daiquiri 1981  The Breadfruit , Phoenix Price : $ 150 This decadent daiquiri was created just last year by Breadfruit co-owner Dwayne Allen to commemorate National Daiquiri Day  which is July 19 , so mark your calendars  . The key ingredient is English Harbour 1981 , a rare rum aged for a minimum of 25 years in old whiskey and bourbon barrels . The still on which this rum was originally produced is gone , meaning English Harbour 1981 will eventually run out . Get it while you can in this drink , which also includes hand-squeezed key lime juice , demerara syrup and house-made cherry bitters . Best eats at 20 busiest U.S. airports St. John  Osteria 177 , Annapolis , Maryland Price : $ 200 The baby of the list , the St. John made its debut mere months ago in Maryland 's capital . Osteria 177 mixologist Lucien Smith , riffing on the classic sidecar recipe , mixed up a cocktail consisting of Louis XIII cognac , Grand Marnier Cuvee du Centenaire , Meyer lemon juice , syrup made from Meyer lemon and Grade 1 saffron and 23k edible gold flakes for garnish . So far , Smith says they 've sold two of 'em . El Series  El Gaucho , Portland , Oregon Price : $ 220 The bar staff at El Gaucho Portland first made its name in the extravagant cocktails game with The Josephine , a $ 500 cocktail featuring L'Esprit de Courvoisier and Grand Marnier 150 . Once the bar 's stash of L'Esprit de Courvoisier ran out , The Josephine was retired , but its siblings in the "  El Series " have carried on the mantle . A collection of four $ 220 cocktails , the El Series uses Louis XIII cognac as its base . Entries include the Louis Smash  add fresh mint and a splash of soda  and Louis Sidecar  add Grand Marnier , lemon and orange juices  . Most amazing hotel pools in the U.S. . The JW 1800  The Lily Bar & Lounge at The Bellagio , Las Vegas Price : $ 480 You 've probably come across some member of the Johnnie Walker family in your lifetime , but have you ever met the Johnnie Walker ? You will if you order The Lily Bar 's JW 1800 . This cocktail includes "  The John Walker , " an incredibly rare vintage whiskey that dates to the 1800s . When we say incredibly rare , we mean it : only 180 bottles exist and once they run out , that 's it . In case you 're interested in sipping this endangered species , the JW 1800 also includes sweet vermouth , whiskey-barrel-aged bitters and a Maraschino cherry . Drinking the Stars  The Starlight Room , San Francisco Price : $ 735 You could easily buy a whole constellation of stars for the price of The Starlight Room 's "  Drinking the Stars " cocktail . Originally created by mixologist Jacques Bezuidenhout , the concoction takes 1979 Chateau de Ravignan Bas Armagnac brandy and infuses it with Madagascar vanilla bean , orange peel and raisins . It 's topped off with Dom Perignon , and they 'll even leave the bottle with you . Order a 750 ml version of this drink for $ 365 , or play high roller with the $ 735 1.5 L . If vanilla bean is n't your bag , the Starlight Room has three more so-called "  million dollar cocktails , " ranging from $ 90 to $ 200 . How to be a New York local : 11 tips for faking it The $ 1K and Over Club All the flashy cocktails above are built on nothing but booze and edible garnishes , but if you 're looking for something that comes with a keepsake , there are plenty of even pricier contenders . The Kentucky Derby has offered a $ 1,000 mint julep served in a complimentary sterling silver cup for almost a decade , while $ 3,000 to $ 40,000 martinis with actual jewelry have sprung up in places like the Foxwoods Resort in Connecticut and the White Barn Inn of Kennebuck , Maine . The most cocktail Happy-Meal-heavy city is Las Vegas . In the last few years , Vegas has seen drinks ranging from the Gotham and High Roller martinis at The Capital Grille  perks : necklace or ring  to the Ono at the XS Nightclub  perks : necklace for ladies , cufflinks for gentlemen  . Then there 's the Menage a Trois , $ 3,000 at the Tryst Nightclub in Wynn Resort . The drink itself consists of Cristal Rose champagne , Hennessey Ellipse , Grand Marnier 150 , liquid gold syrup and 23k gold flakes . But you get to sip it out of a complimentary 24k gold-plated straw with its own diamond , making for a trinket that puts all your crazy straws to shame . Remember , folks , tip that waitstaff well . America 's most luxurious hotel suites	Across the U.S. bars are playing a ritzy game of "  Who Can Make the Spendiest Cocktail ? " Red O Restaurant in Los Angeles serves a $ 100 margarita At Lily Bar & Lounge in Vegas , $ 480 gets you drink with a super-rare Johnnie Walker vintage
CNN  -- Poachers have decimated elephant populations across Africa and parts of Asia , killing thousands of animals for their revered ivory . Yet in Sri Lanka , home to some 7,000 wild Asian elephants , a different , more hopeful story is playing out . It 's a story that 's attracting truckloads of tourists from around the world to witness a stunning wildlife spectacle , simultaneously raising concerns among conservationists about how increasing numbers of visitors may be impacting the large mammals . In north-central Sri Lanka 's Minneriya National Park , hundreds of elephants travel each year to the shores of an ancient reservoir built by a king more than 1,700 years ago . They 've made the trip for centuries , coming from across the region to bathe , mate , socialize and , most importantly , to feed as part of an annual event known as "  The Gathering . " During the dry season  July through early November  , the water in the reservoir recedes . In its place , lush green grasses grow , providing a veritable feast for the hungry pachyderms . Between meals , the elephants head into the reservoir , spraying themselves with the shallow , muddy waters to create one of the world 's biggest pool parties . "  Where else you can get so close to so many wild elephants at once ? " asks James Thomas , a lawyer visiting The Gathering from Melbourne . "  Watching massive herds of elephants bathe as the sun sets over the nearby mountains is an experience I 'll never forget . " Would you pay US$ 50 for a cup of elephant dung coffee ? Conservation concerns If you have n't heard of The Gathering or ever seriously considered visiting Sri Lanka , you 're not alone . The island nation 's prolonged civil war , which ended in May 2009 , kept the country off most people 's itineraries . Since then , however , word of Sri Lanka 's diverse wildlife , spectacular beaches and myriad cultural activities has spread : in 2012 , tourist arrivals grew 17.5 percent over 2011 , hitting 1,055,605 , according to government officials . While the growth has boosted tourism-related revenue , the volume of visitors to Minneriya -- and the 4WDs required to transport them through the park -- has caught the attention of wildlife conservationists . They worry added traffic is negatively impacting not only the fragile reserve , but also the health and behavior of the animals the visitors are traveling to see . "  The increasing number of vehicles in the park and the unruly behavior of most are cause for much concern , " says Ravi Corea , president of the Sri Lankan Wildlife Conservation Society  SLWCS  . "  Vehicles approach elephants too closely and disrupt them from feeding , mating , nursing and socializing . In addition , they are habituating elephants to charge vehicles , which they will continue to do once they leave the national park with the beginning of the rains . " On a safari I joined earlier this year , I experienced these issues firsthand . During our trip , the tour driver inadvertently parked in the path of a mother and baby elephant , obstructing their way to a watering hole . When a nearby bull elephant took notice , he quickly moved in to protect them , charging our vehicle in the process . Our driver reacted quickly and moved us to safety . Corea and others fear it 's only a matter of time before someone 's luck runs out and an elephant or tourists are seriously injured . Conservationists are pushing government and park officials to ensure animals , humans and the local environment are better protected . Recommendations include implementing stringent policies to govern how visitors and guides behave in the park , as well as providing training for rangers and drivers on how to conduct themselves while in the presence of wild elephants . Drivers would need certification to take visitors to the park , and they could face fines if caught violating park regulations . Tracking the elephants Additional proposals include documenting the movement of the elephants beyond Minneriya 's unfenced borders . Environmental organizations also hope to map the entire ecological cycle of the animals as part of efforts to ensure the slaughters occurring in places like Africa and Vietnam do n't happen in Sri Lanka . Meanwhile , the Sri Lankan Tourism Development Authority is pinning its hopes on the continued success of The Gathering , even building specific marketing activities around the annual event in an effort to attract more visitors to Minneriya . In 2011 , officials christened September "  Wildlife Month , " distributing full-color brochures that proclaimed The Gathering "  one of the most unforgettable and fantastic events in the international wildlife calendar . " As word about Minneriya 's main attraction spreads , the hope is that massive herds of elephants will continue migrating to the park each dry season , as they have for hundreds of years . As long as they do , it 's a safe bet that more and more tourists will travel to Sri Lanka to experience what truly is one of the world 's greatest wildlife events . Minneriya National Park is about 180 kilometers from Colombo International Airport , a four-hour drive . The best time to see The Gathering is during the dry season , from June to September . A number of local operators offer day trips to the area , which can be arranged from your hotel . Accommodation options include resorts and bungalows just a few kilometers outside the national park . At the high end of the price stick is luxury tented camp Mahoora . For those who would rather have the whole trip arranged for them , tour companies like Asialuxe offer multi-day packages including airfare . Residents of Canada , the United States and the United Kingdom are required to apply for a tourist visa before arrival in Sri Lanka . Applications can be made online .	Each year , hundreds of elephants travel to an ancient reservoir Wildlife conservationists worry about impact of tourism In 2012 , Sri Lanka tourist arrivals grew 17.5 percent
CNN  -- Manuela Testolini and her colleagues had just sat down to dinner at the Oberoi hotel restaurant in Mumbai , India , on Wednesday when the sound of gunfire erupted outside . Manuela Testolini was in Mumbai on business when a series of brazen attacks broke out . At first , they did n't know what it was . Then , one of Testolini 's colleagues saw a man get shot to death outside the restaurant 's front door , and everyone started to run . "  We left everything behind , including purses and phones , " said Testolini , the ex-wife of music icon Prince and founder of In A Perfect World children 's foundation . "  There was a lot of panic . " Testolini said gunfire followed her as she and dozens more fled through the kitchen and down to the ballroom , where they found temporary refuge from the gunfire and grenades raining outside . Testolini , a Canadian in Mumbai for business , was at the center of a brazen series of coordinated attacks in the southern part of the city overnight Wednesday . Watch Testolini describe running from gunfire " Gunmen rampaged through a series of targets in the commercial capital of India , killing indiscriminately and taking hostages at two luxury hotels . Testolini said she and 200 others waited in the dark ballroom for several hours , listening to the intensifying sounds of gunfire and grenades . Eventually , the hotel staff began evacuating guests 10 at a time , women and children first , to the street . For a moment , she thought she was safe . But then , the gunfire returned . "  They were pursing us , and we ran , and we could hear them shooting at us , " Testolini said . Testolini and her colleagues eventually found shelter in an undisclosed location , where they are keeping up with the news on their BlackBerrys , waiting for signs that it 's safe to move . "  We are far enough away to feel safe but close enough to feel what 's going on , " said Testolini , who was scheduled to leave Mumbai on Thursday afternoon . "  We 'll lay low till at least the daylight . " There 's no telling where Testolini would be had she been in her room at the Taj Mahal Hotel , where gunmen were holding hostages on multiple floors . One witness told local reporters that gunmen stormed the lobby , demanding to know who had U.S. or British passports , and took about 15 people hostage . Yasmin Wong , a CNN employee who was staying in the Taj , said she hid under her bed for several hours after she was awoken by gunfire . Wong said she received a phone call from the hotel telling her to turn her light off , put a wet towel by the door and stay in her room until she was told otherwise . Watch Wong describe the chaos in the hotel " She complied , but then she went to her window and saw smoke and debris . "  I saw a guy outside the window above me who had smashed the window and was hanging out , " Wong said . "  At that point , authorities told us to run out of the hotel . " Wong said she passed dead bodies in the hotel 's halls as she searched for an exit , finally leaving through the pool entrance . "  The main thing I thought was , was it going to end ? And it just never ended , " Wong said .	Manuela Testolini says colleague saw man killed outside restaurant Prince 's ex-wife says gunmen pursued her , diners as they fled Nearby , CNN employee hid from gunfire under bed at Taj Yasmin Wong ran past bodies in hotel 's halls as she sought exit
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Drug traffickers are throwing everything they 've got at getting drugs into the United States any way they can . U.S. border agents discovered marijuana hidden inside a spool of industrial wire . At the San Ysidro crossing near the Mexican border , officials have found drugs smuggled in things such as tables , toys , furniture , holiday candles , even tennis shoes . "  Their bottom line is to make money , and they are going to do whatever they can to ensure that that happens , " said Mike Unzueta , the special agent in charge for Immigration and Customs Enforcement in San Diego . "  They 've become very , very creative . " Drugs also are brought in underground through tunnels ; some 100 have been discovered since 1990 along the 1,950-mile U.S.-Mexico border . The most sophisticated tunnels have lights , air systems and hydraulics . While drugs flow north into the United States , weapons and cash flow south into Mexico . The smuggling organizations are well-established and sophisticated . They have a recognized hierarchy and employ the latest technology , said Rafael Reyes , chief of global enforcement operations for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Watch the creative techniques drug smugglers are using " Border agents have found radios , cells phones and global positioning system tracking devices , leading officials to believe drug cartels positioned on or close to the border are in constant contact with drug runners . "  These guys are very ingenious , " Reyes said . "  They will exploit any vulnerability that they can . " Reyes said that means factoring in the possibility a certain percentage of drugs will be seized by federal agents : "  They 'll line up 10 loads , and if you pick off two or three , well , that 's the cost of doing business , ' I got seven across . ' So it 's that shotgun mentality . " The same thinking applies to drugs smuggled in the waters of the eastern Pacific off the coasts of Central and South America . U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Vincent DeLaurentis and his crew on the cutter Hamilton came back from three months of searching for drugs inbound to Mexico . They covered an area of ocean about the size of the Southeastern United States . They captured six hard-to-detect boats that travel at night and seized 30,000 pounds of pure cocaine . DeLaurentis said drug traffickers have become much more aggressive in their smuggling tactics . Among the new trends , he said , "  They 're using vessels that are less and less detectable , whether it 's these go-fast boats that travel at night or the new self-propelled semi-submersible vessels . " Click here for photos of the ways in which drugs are moved into the U.S. " Known as SPSS , self-propelled semi-submersibles are something like submarines , but they can not fully submerge . Anywhere from several inches to a couple of feet remain above the water line ; they are painted a blue or gray for camouflage , and they are flat on top with valves and air holes . They are difficult to detect and have become increasingly sophisticated . Some can travel up to 5,000 miles and use fuel tanks for ballast . They can carry some seven to 10 tons of drugs , and because of their low profiles and low radar signatures , the vessels are popular , DeLaurentis said . The submersibles are built in the rebel-controlled jungles of Colombia , and the U.S. Coast Guard said cartels pay for construction . The craft rendezvous with fishing vessels or "  go-fasts " -- boats that are typically 40 feet long , go 40 knots and can carry several tons of heroin or cocaine . The drugs then go to Mexico , where the cargo is offloaded and transported across the border into the U.S. "  The fact they 're developing semi-subs that can carry huge amounts of drugs and running those vessels for thousands of miles tells me that it 's a very sophisticated operation , " said Capt. Tom Farris , commander of Coast Guard Sector San Diego . The Coast Guard tries to engage and board these vessels before they get to Mexico . But evidence of drug smuggling needed for prosecution is hard to come by -- because traffickers on these crafts easily can escape by opening a hatch , tossing out a life raft and then scuttling the vessel to the bottom of the ocean along with its cargo . A U.S. law signed in January makes it illegal to operate a stateless SPSS and will allow the Coast Guard to arrest people it used to have to release because drug evidence was on the bottom of the ocean . Mexico produces three out of the four major abused drugs in the United States -- marijuana , heroin and methamphetamines , according to the DEA . Cocaine , however , comes from South America , but it and the other three drugs are all shipped through Mexico into the United States . "  Mexico has become a vital hub , " Reyes said . According to the DEA , 90 percent of all cocaine destined for the U.S. comes through the Mexican-Central American corridor , with 47 percent not stopping in Central America but going to Mexico . The primary transit routes from Mexico into the U.S. are : Tijuana to San Diego , Sonora to Phoenix , Arizona ; Chihuahua to El Paso , Texas ; and the states of Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas , which will cover the remaining south of the border , to the Texas cities of Laredo and Brownsville . "  Those are the principal lucrative corridors , " Reyes said . They are "  controlled by separate organizations because of the market they have in the United States , and it is a profit-minded approach they take in securing these corridors for themselves . " The San Ysidro port of entry is the busiest border crossing with Mexico and the United States . More than 110,000 people pass through every day , making it fertile ground for drug cartels looking for new ways to ship drugs . Port Director Oscar Preciado oversees the San Ysidro crossing . On any given day , he said agents seize five to 10 loads -- about 50 to 500 pounds of marijuana , cocaine , heroin or methamphetamines . Recent seizures include marijuana in tires and heroin in phony fuel tanks , some with secret levers . "  They 'll put it anywhere they can , and they 're very creative in creating their own compartments and concealing them , " Preciado said . With border security tighter than ever , Preciado said drug traffickers are paying kids as young as 14 to smuggle dope -- mostly marijuana . Drug traffickers who frequently bribe Mexican police are now trying to bribe U.S. agents . While rare , officials said , it is serious . "  Corruption is one of our major concerns . We do everything we can to stop corruption , " Preciado said . With billions of dollars at stake , cartels will try anything , officials said . "  If we ca n't catch the drugs , what we want to do is make them spend more resources in order to get the drugs across the border , " said the Coast Guard 's Farris .	Smuggling organizations use latest technology to move drugs into U.S. , officials say Drug runners taking to seas in vessels that look like submarines Most drugs from Central and South America funneled through Mexico Port of entry at San Ysidro , California , is busiest border crossing for agents to watch
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . When Twitter asks "  What are you doing , " maybe you should be following tweets on job advice . When microblogging and social networking site Twitter debuted three years ago , plenty of people wrote it off as yet another pointless addition in the overcrowded networking world . Considering the site only allows people to post , or Tweet , messages of 140 characters or less , you ca n't blame early skeptics . But little by little , users proved the site 's worth to nonbelievers . Last year , student James Karl Buck was traveling in Egypt and wound up in jail . He Tweeted "  arrested " to notify his friends of what was going on and ultimately get out of jail . During the 2008 presidential election , candidates reached out to voters using the service . When a plane crashed into the Hudson River in January , a Twitter user posted the first photograph from the scene . Although we 're in the nascent stage of Twitter 's existence and therefore have no idea how long it will be around , we do know it has more growing to do . If you 're not yet certain you want to start posting your own daily activities for everyone to read , you can still use the service as a resource for tips on finding a job and keeping up with industry news . Job seekers can follow people who will make your job search process easier , from the interviewing stage to the salary negotiations . I follow many people whom I think give great advice , post informative articles and know what they 're talking about . Seeing as the Twitter feed refreshes constantly so that I see new posts instantly , it 's like having a scrolling news ticker about only the subjects I want to read . I suggest you do the same to improve your job search . Here are the 10 job Tweeters you should be following . @adriennewaldo About the author : Adrienne Waldo , a New York-based writer , consultant and blogger , made a name for herself when she began blogging about Generation Y . Why you should follow her : Waldo , a Generation Y-er herself , offers advice as someone who 's in the same shoes as many of her equally young Twitter followers , but she also uses her experience to let followers know what employers are thinking . @AlisonDoyle About the author : Alison Doyle regularly writes articles on job-seeking issues , ranging from interview advice to using social media appropriately . Why you should follow her : She 's prolific , so you always have something to read , and she knows her stuff . @AnitaBruzzese About the author : Anita Bruzzese is the author of "  45 Things You Do That Drive Your Boss Crazy " and also writes a workplace blog full of tips and advice for employees . Why you should follow her : She lets you know when she 's updated her blog , which is full of helpful advice . She also shares quirky , sometimes off-topic links that lighten the day 's mood . @CAREEREALISM About the authors : Careerealism.com founder J.T. O'Donnell and a group of job experts let you know when they 've posted new advice for job seekers . They also respond to job seekers with career questions -- in 140 characters or less , of course . Why you should follow them : As a follower , you get to read advice from several experts who know what they 're talking about and give their own perspectives . @careerdiva About the author : Eve Tahmincioglu blogs , publishes articles and Tweets on career issues . Why you should follow her : Her advice is excellent and she often brings up issues you might not have otherwise considered . @CBforJobSeekers About the authors : CareerBuilder 's team of experts writes for the job seeking blog TheWorkBuzz.com and workplace articles , such as the one you 're reading right now . Why you should follow them : The team 's Tweets are a mix of tips , news stories , helpful articles and blog posts to keep you informed of what 's going on in the world of job seekers . @heatherhuhman About the author : Heather Huhman is an expert on helping Generation Y job seekers and recent graduates navigate the professional world . Why you should follow her : Huhman Tweets when she writes a new article , directs followers to other helpful experts and offers her own tips from time to time . @InterviewCoach About the author : Lewis Lin is a Seattle-based interview coach who prepares clients for the difficult questions that will come their way during a job search . Why you should follow him : Lin Tweets his own interview tips , as well as other experts ' advice and news articles . @Keppie_Careers About the author : Atlanta-based Miriam Salpeter is a career coach and rsum writer for Keppie Careers . She helps job seekers spice up their rsums , prepare for interviews and achieve their career goals . Why you should follow her : In addition to posting links to the day 's job seeker headlines and news , she also offers career advice and lets you know where she 'll be giving presentations . @Writerbabe About the author : Chicago-based Raven Moore authors The Writerbabe Series , a blog that explores professional , pop-culture and newsworthy topics . Why you should follow her : Moore directs you both to her own writings and to other writers ' works , as well as interesting news items she comes across . Plus , some of her personal Tweets are entertaining enough to make you forget about the current economy . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Twitter is becoming a good tool to use for your career @heatherhuhman : Helps Gen Y , recent grads navigate professional world @careerdiva : Often brings up issues you might not have otherwise considered @InterviewCoach : Interview tips , also posts other experts ' advice and news articles
CNN  Silicon Valley was once the only place to be for the world 's hippest tech firms . It 's the region that gave birth to all-conquering behemoths like Google and Apple , after all . But fast forward to 2015 and the playground of global technology has moved roughly 60 kilometers  37 miles  north to San Francisco . "  Information is the new currency and that currency is gushing through the streets of San Francisco , " said Alan Collenette , regional managing director of real estate firm Colliers International . According to Collenette , firms like Twitter are relocating to the City by the Bay because it offers a more attractive lifestyle to talented employees . "  If you 're in your 20s  or  30s , you want to live in a vibrant environment where you 're surrounded by like-minded people . Where there 's a lot of interesting cultural stuff to do , " Collenette said . "  And with the great respect to the suburbs where Apple was born , there 's a lot more cultural diversity and a lot more to do  in San Francisco  than there is there . Last year , commercial real estate in San Francisco was snapped up in large parcels . As many as 14 different companies signed leases for more than 9,000 square meters  97,000 square feet  worth of space and property . Among those leasing were tech heavyweights like Pinterest and Trulia . "  Now in 2015 , 60 % of all leases done in San Francisco are for technology companies , " Collenette said . "  28 % of the top space users who occupy more than 250 , 000 square feet are technology users . That 's up from 8 % in the dotcom boom . That 's how dramatic the shift 's been . " These cash-rich tech firms are also changing the game by shying away from the offices of yesterday . Beer taps , foosball tables , and bike racks are now the norm at offices in the city . Primo Orpilla has seen the change first hand while designing spaces for the likes of crowd-sourced company review platform , Yelp , and taxi app , Uber . "  The offices of just three or four years ago , they 're definitely more hierarchically set up , " Orpilla said . "  You had fewer conference rooms , a lot of the work stations went to the middle . What we 're seeing now , we 're basically wanting to share that space . Share the light , flatten the organization . " Orpilla adds that old warehouses with high ceilings in the South of Market District have become particularly popular . But demand has driven prices up with rates climbing for both commercial and residential properties . In a city that spans just seven by seven square miles space will eventually run out . For now though , the outlook is rosy for those riding the tech wave . "  There has never been a time when the world 's economy depended so much on the ideas and the work product that come out of one location , " said Collenette . "  It 's the golden age , this is an era that 's just beginning and the light is n't just shining on San Francisco for a brief moment in time . I firmly believe this is going to last long into the future . "	Some of the world 's biggest tech firms are moving into San Francisco 14 different companies signed leases for more than 97,000 square feet worth of space and property in 2014 Real estate firms say San Francisco has more to offer the employees of tech firms
CNN  -- For the son of a math teacher , rallying legend Sebastien Loeb is not too concerned by numbers . Age was no barrier when the Frenchman decided to pursue his motor racing career at 22 years old . The "  late starter " went on to win a record nine world rally titles . Now , after conquering the ice-packed slopes , desert dunes and rocky roads in the globetrotting world of elite rally driving , Loeb says he feels like a kid again as he moves from rally 's all-terrain adventures to the uncharted territory of the smooth asphalt of the racetrack . "  Rally driving is the most fun driving you can have , because you slide , you drive on every surface , you jump , " Loeb told CNN 's Human to Hero series , with a twinkle in his cool , blue eyes . "  But I needed to see something else . I needed to change . "  I 'm like a young boy , even if I 'm 39 ! I 'm like a young driver again coming into a series and trying to improve . " After a decade of dominating the rally circuit , Loeb has now set his sights on winning the 2014 World Touring Car Championship with his longtime team Citroen . This championship for racing road cars is the third elite series , in addition to Formula One and the World Rally Championship , which is rubber-stamped by motorsport 's governing body the FIA . It will test Loeb on classic circuits from Sonoma in the United States to Suzuka in Japan , and he has already been tuning up for his new driving challenge by racing a McLaren sports car in the 2013 GT Series , where his team is second overall ahead of this weekend 's race in Slovakia . "  There are different types of racetracks : some are really fast , some are really twisty , some have more or less grip , so you always have to adapt , " explains Loeb , who has also tested a Red Bull Formula One car but failed to get a race license with feeder team Toro Rosso in late 2009 and later said he was "  too old " to start an F1 career . "  It 's not easy to get used to the tracks , to get used to a different car , to another driving style , but I enjoy it . "  It 's not like when I 'm in the rallies and everyone is waiting for me to win and if I do n't win they say , ` Oh it 's terrible , he did n't win ! ' " Loeb retired from fulltime rallying at the end of the 2012 season -- the championship already in the bag , of course -- while still at the top of his game . He chose to compete in just four rounds of the WRC this year , saying he had no interest in reaching a "  perfect 10 " of world titles . "  A lot of people ask me , ` Why not 10 ? ' " said Loeb , who won consecutive titles between 2004 and 2012 . "  The answer is because I do n't count ! "  When I won my first championship it was the achievement of something , a realization . After that I said , ` OK , the rest is a bonus . ' "  It became less about pressure and just driving for passion . It 's not a question of numbers . " Loeb was something of a late starter when he began plotting his career growing up in the Alsace region of France on the border with Germany . He first flexed his muscles as a champion gymnast . At three years old he was following in the gym shoes of his late father Guy Loeb , himself a champion athlete as well as a gymnastics instructor . One year later , the junior Loeb was the proud owner of a red racing bike and soon showed signs of a competitive instinct , never missing any opportunity to go riding on the streets with his school friends . But Loeb did not get behind the wheel of a car until , like any other teenager in France , he began driving lessons . "  In my family there was no links to motorsport or even being fans of motorsport , " he explained . "  So it was only when I had my driving license that I got to enjoy driving a car . Then I started car racing when I was 22 -- not so young . " At that time Loeb was earning his living as an electrician , a pursuit he describes as "  not my passion , just my job . " On the side , he twice entered the Youth Rally , an event for up-and-coming drivers organized by the French Motor Racing Federation . Although he narrowly missed out on the title , his performances attracted the attention of former amateur racer Dominique Heintz , who , in 1996 , decided to help Loeb turn rallying from a hobby into a profession . "  The person that helped me most in my career is Dominique , " said Loeb , who now runs his eponymous race team with Heintz . "  He gave me the opportunity to start in rallies and is someone who is now my friend . " If Loeb came to motorsport a little later -- most racing success stories are built on a junior karting career -- he soon recognized that he had a natural talent for driving . "  Since the start I was just natural , " said Loeb , who now flies a helicopter as a hobby . "  For me , it 's been more about talent than work . "  The first thing you need is to get a feeling with the car . You need to feel when you have to brake and what speed to enter the corner . "  In rally you need to try to be as close as possible to 100 % without knowing the roads really well , so you need a lot of improvisation in your driving . "  The feeling in the car when you reach your limits , when you pull everything together to be the fastest , to beat the others , to be first , this is mainly the feeling I have driving the car and this was just my passion . I love it . " The combination of passion and raw talent attracted interest from French car manufacturer Citroen , and in 2001 Loeb stormed to the junior WRC title . Two years later , he competed in a full season of the senior WRC for Citroen , losing out on the title by a single point . Loeb had made his mark , and his unprecedented era of dominance began the following year . Numbers may not matter to the rallying superstar but , after nearly a decade at the top of the tree , Loeb concedes this time age did play a part in his decision to quit while he was ahead . "  I have other things to do in my life , " said Loeb . "  It 's not like when you start and you 're 24 or 25 and you just want to do your passion . "  Now I have a daughter  Valentine  and a wife  Severine  . I have a good life , I have everything I need . It 's time to enjoy it and rest a bit . "  I never have a fear when I drive but I know it 's dangerous , it 's one of the reasons I decided to stop rallies . "  When you are in Finland , jumping at 200 kph  125 mph  in the middle of the trees , it 's dangerous ! " Loeb may be happy to settle for nine WRC titles , but his driving ambition remains undimmed . Talk of retirement is for a distant time in the future -- a date to which Loeb has no intention of counting down . "  I do n't know ,  I 'll keep driving  as long as I feel able to go fast , to fight for the win and as long as I enjoy it , " he said . "  It will be a few years . "  I think I will retire from all rallies soon . I 've really tried to prepare for the future to find something to do as a driver -- and now I think I 've found it . "  Rallying is difficult but racing  on the track  needs other skills and I still have a lot to improve and a lot to learn . " For now , the son of a math teacher and gymnastics instructor is going back to racing school .	Sebastien Loeb is the benchmark in rally driving , winning nine world titles The Frenchman only started racing at the age of 22 but discovered a natural talent Loeb has semiretired from rallying and has switched to racing touring cars The 39-year-old says the new challenge makes him feel young
CNN  Iraqi forces say they 've captured key areas in their offensive to take back Tikrit , which has been under ISIS control since June . The security forces , backed by Shia militias , raised the Iraqi flag over the governorate and the main hospital buildings in the city Monday night , a security official with the forces in Tikrit told CNN . The gains , according to the official , came after a slow advance into the city as the forces dealt with more than 300 improvised explosive devices planted in the city 's streets . At least 26 militants were killed in the operation , the official said . Earlier Monday , Iraqi federal police said in a statement aired on Iraqi television that the forces had liberated four neighborhoods in southern Tikrit . The renewed push into Tikrit comes days after a series of U.S.-led airstrikes aimed at ISIS targets around the city . The goal of those airstrikes was to pave the way for Iraqi forces to go in . Now security forces and fighters from Hashd Al-Shaabi , a predominantly Shia paramilitary force that has doing much of the fighting in the critical battle to take Tikrit back from ISIS , say they 're gaining ground . Iraqi forces have tried multiple times to win back Tikrit since ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , conquered the city in June as part of its campaign to amass an expansive Islamic caliphate . And each time , so far , they 've failed . The latest push began after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on March 1 ordered Iraqi forces to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province . Militants have been under pressure ever since in the battleground city , which is the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein and located about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Baghdad . ISIS responded by adjusting its positions in and around the city , hiding in buildings and other key infrastructure , said Saad al-Hadithi , a spokesman for al-Abadi . This movement led Iraq 's military to pause its operation , out of growing worries that a full-on invasion could produce heavy Iraqi military and some civilian casualties . The situation spurred the Iraqi Prime Minister to request help from the U.S.-led coalition , which conducted airstrikes around Tikrit last week . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ashley Fantz , Ben Wedeman and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A push to retake Tikrit stalled as ISIS repositioned its forces around the city Spokesman : Iraq 's leader requested help because coalition has "  advanced " capabilities Leaders of predominantly Shiite militia fighting in area had resisted such intervention
No , you 're not looking at an idyllic scene from pre-Death Star Alderaan . This futuristic building is the plan for George Lucas ' $ 300-million art museum on Chicago 's lakefront . Beijing-based MAD Architects and Chicago firm Studio Gang have released artist renderings of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art that would n't look out of place in its namesake 's "  Star Wars " franchise . The avant garde structure , set to open in 2018 , will have three levels of exhibition space topped by an observation deck with panoramic views of the city and Lake Michigan . Inspired by the works of Frank Lloyd Wright and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe  both of whom designed buildings in Chicago  , it 's meant to evoke a disc floating above the surrounding harbor . "  Its uninterrupted stone surfaces are as primitive as it is futuristic , evoking the great achievements of architectural history , " MAD wrote on its website . "  More than a building , it is an urban vista for social interaction , bringing people closer to each other and to nature . " The building was conceived by MAD founder Ma Yansong , who is best known for the curvy Absolute Towers -- nicknamed the Marilyn Monroe towers -- built just outside of Toronto , Canada . Studio Gang have designed the 17 acre plot 's landscape , and will design a bridge connecting the plot to nearby Northerly Island . VOA Associates , also from Chicago , will lead the building 's implementation . The Lucas Museum will showcase images that are used for storytelling , from comics and children 's books to digital art and film . The permanent collection will feature works from Lucas ' personal collection , which is estimated to be worth $ 600 million and includes Norman Rockwell paintings , Alberto Vargas pin-ups and , yes , original props from "  Star Wars . " The museum will also host temporary exhibitions , lectures and educational programming . It joins a series of other Chicago institutions in the area , including the Alder Planetarium and Field Museum of Natural History . Is this the end of ambitious Chinese architecture ? Europe 's forgotten treasure chest : Inside Germany 's Green Vault ` Time-slice ' photos capture landmarks from sunrise to sunset The lost art of the American pin-up	Architects have released the first images of George Lucas ' upcoming Chicago museum The Lucas Museum of Narrative Art 's avant garde design is meant to evoke a disc floating on the harbor The museum will house pieces from Lucas ' personal collection , including Star Wars props
Prescott , Arizona  CNN  The days pass one after the other in Prescott , Arizona , without bringing any real answer about Kayla Mueller . For a year and half , Mueller 's family in this idyllic town has lived with the knowledge that the Islamic militant group ISIS is holding the 26-year-old American aid worker . Publicly , they kept silent about her plight , with her captors threatening to execute her if the family spoke out . But on Friday , ISIS claimed that Mueller had been killed in a building that was hit during a Jordanian airstrike on Raqqa , the militants ' de facto capital in Syria . "  Friday was a dark day , " said Todd Geiler , a longtime friend of the family . "  Punched a hole through you . A big hole . " But ISIS offered no proof to back up its claim , other than an image of a building in rubble . The Muellers are holding out hope that she 's still alive , imploring the militant group to contact them . "  We have sent you a private message and ask that you respond to us privately , " her parents , Carl and Marsha Mueller , said in a statement Friday . "  You told us that you treated Kayla as your guest , " they said . "  As your guest her safety and well-being remains your responsibility . " Jordan is openly disputing ISIS ' claim about Mueller 's fate . "  What we know about this terrorist organization is that they are liars when it comes to these things , " said Jordanian government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani . He questioned the extremist group 's ability to identify Jordanian warplanes flying at high altitudes . But in Prescott , Mueller 's family are staying out of the claims and counterclaims of what happened . "  At this time , they just want contact through the original channels , " said Geiler . "  This is such a fluid situation , going hour to hour , " he told CNN . Some observers have questioned why no militants died in the collapsed building , and why , if the building had just been struck , there was no smoke from smoldering debris . But others say they fear ISIS may have killed her previously and been waiting for an opportunity to announce the death . Jordan says it believes the militants killed one of its fighter pilots weeks before they released a video of him being burned to death . ISIS has made a big show of its barbaric killings of international hostages , including three Americans , two Britons and two Japanese citizens . The militants had threatened to kill Mueller last summer . They set a deadline of August 13 , for a ransom of nearly $ 7 million to be paid to prevent her execution , according to a source close to the family . U.S. officials are investigating the theory that she may have died weeks or months ago and that ISIS was possibly ashamed to announce that they had killed a woman . But retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. James Reese says it 's plausible a hostage may have been inadvertently killed in Syria . "  We all know that intelligence ... in Syria is not as good as we have in Iraq now , " Reese said . "  So it is plausible , and it could be unfortunate . But sometimes ... that happens in these wars . " Like some of the other ISIS hostages , Mueller went to the Middle East to help the flood of refugees affected by Syria 's grinding civil war . Since her teenage years , she had thrown herself into international causes . In high school , her local paper showed her marching through town as part of the Save Darfur coalition , lobbying members of Congress and staging silent protests against the genocide in western Sudan . As a student at Northern Arizona University , Mueller was president of a group called Stand , a student-led movement to end mass atrocities . After graduating , she joined aid agencies that took her to India , Israel and the Palestinian territories . She came home briefly in 2011 , volunteering at a women 's shelter and an AIDS clinic . But she could n't ignore the unfolding crisis in Syria . "  I am in solidarity with the Syrian people . I reject the brutality and killing that the Syrian authorities are committing against the Syrian people , " she said in a video posted online . In 2012 , Mueller went to Syria with the Danish Refugee Council and Support to Life humanitarian agency . She fell into the hands of hostage takers in August 2013 in Aleppo , Syria , her family said , after leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital . Her family heard nothing until 10 months later , when ISIS got in touch with its ransom demand . "  You have no control . You have to abide by the rules , " Geiler said of the situation . "  It was a living hell , and it has been a living hell for the family , and it is today . " CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed from Prescott , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	"  It has been a living hell , " a longtime friend of the family tells CNN ISIS claims Kayla Mueller , an American woman , was killed in a Jordanian airstrike Her family asks the militants , who previously demanded a ransom , to get in touch
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's judicial system faced an uproar this week after one of the country 's highest courts upheld a decision to reduce sentences against 26 men convicted of having sex with a 13-year old girl . Public outrage stemmed from a court ruling that the 13-year old girl had willingly engaged in "  consensual " sexual relations with the 26 men . Among the growing chorus of critics was Turkey 's President Abdullah Gul . "  I take particular care not to make any direct statements on issues that are in the judicial process , " Gul wrote in a series of statements on his Twitter account on Friday . " -LSB- But -RSB- the decision about reducing the punishment related with what happened to a young child of ours made me deeply uncomfortable ... there is still the possibility for an appeal . I am hoping for an outcome that will comfort the public conscience . " The case in question dates back to 2002 , when 26 men from the southeastern Turkish town of Mardin were accused of repeatedly having sex with a 13-year old girl identified only by the initials "  N.C. " According to Turkish media reports , the men , who included village ` muhtars ' -LSB- mayors -RSB- and a gendarme officer , were accused of paying money to two adult female intermediaries during a 7-month period for repeated access to the girl . Turkey 's Supreme Court of Appeals has now found itself under fire from women 's rights groups , lawyers ' associations , and senior government officials . In response , the head of the Supreme Court 's 14th Criminal Office adopted a somewhat contradictory position . "  The evaluations of the court were correct . We made a decision . This decision is not definite , it is also not possible for this decision to be changed by making noise , " said Fevzi Elmas of the Supreme Court of Appeals , in an interview with the semi-official Anatolian Agency on Friday . The courts sentenced the 26 accused rapists ' according to an earlier version of the country 's penal code , which underwent significant revisions in 2005 . The older penal code entailed lesser punishments for defendants found guilty of sexually assaulting children . "  In the old penal code there was a very clear article which said it did n't matter if you were under 15 -LSB- years of age -RSB- or over 15 ... if any rape or sexual assault happened with the consent of the girl or the woman , then the sentence would be reduced , " said Pinar Ilkkaracan of the group Women for Women 's Human Rights , who lobbied for the 2005 revision of the Turkish criminal code . "  In the new Turkish penal code there is no question of consent , that is incredibly important for us , " Ilkkaracan added . "  In terms of girls and boys under 15 it says very clearly any violation of the body for sexual purposes is defined as sexual abuse in the new code . Which means that sexual assault or the violation of the body should have a higher sentence . " According to Turkish media reports , some of the 26 defendants were acquitted , while others received jail sentences of one to four years . "  This decision is an outright scandal , " said Ilkkaracan , the women 's rights advocate . In his statement to Anatolian Agency , Elmas , the official from the Supreme Court of Appeals , argued that the court had no choice but to sentence the defendants according to the pre-2005 version of the penal code . "  We do n't have any other option , " Elmas said . "  This is an undebatable rule of law . " But that decision was challenged by the Union of Turkish Bar Associations on Friday , which called the ruling "  legally inappropriate . " Meanwhile , in a written statement released on her ministry 's web-site , Family and Social Policies Minister Fatma Sahin argued the ruling violated not only the current criminal code , but also the older version which had been in force in 2002 at the time when the 26 men were accused of having sex with the 13 year old . "  I find the decision of the Supreme Court of Appeals 14th Criminal Office to approve the verdict of the local court that a 13-year old child ` got together with the defendants of her own free will ' unacceptable and worrying , " Sahin wrote . "  I would like to remind the judiciary that its primary task is to protect the victim and the rights of the one who was sexually abused , " she added .	Sentences for 26 men convicted of having sex with a 13-year-old were reduced The ruling said the girl had engaged in "  consensual " sex Turkey 's president said the ruling made him "  deeply uncomfortable "
CNN  -- McDonald 's probably wo n't be exclaiming "  I 'm Lovin ' It " in this case . McCurry restaurant owners A.M.S.P Suppiah and his wife Kanageswary Suppiah . In a David-and-Goliath match-up in the world of fast food , McCurry -- a small Indian curry shop in Malaysia -- has won an eight-year legal battle against the hamburger giant . McDonald 's claimed that the prefix "  Mc " in McCurry trampled on its trademark . The country 's Federal Court on Tuesday ruled that it did n't . "  We 're very relieved -- much , much relieved -- that this eight-year-old saga is finally over , " said McCurry owner P. Suppiah . "  We 're a typical South Asian-Malay cuisine . No way people walking into McCurry can confuse us with McDonald 's . " The sparse 24/7 self-service restaurant in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , is popular with blue-collar workers who are drawn to its affordable fare , such as biryani rice and fishhead curry . Its logo : a chicken flashing a thumbs-up . The eatery opened in 1999 . McDonald 's filed suit two years later . "  We were shocked that such a big giant wants to take us to court , " Suppiah said . "  We felt that we had nothing in common , because we were not selling any Western fast food . " The hamburger chain , which has 185 restaurants throughout Malaysia , said McCurry was violating the prefix "  Mc " and that McDonald 's had the right to protect it . McCurry , in turn , said the prefix is common and is part of last names all across Europe . Furthermore , it said , the "  Mc " in McCurry stands for "  Malaysian Chicken Curry . " A lower court ruled in favor of McDonald 's , and Suppiah appealed . An appeals court in 2006 overturned that ruling , prompting McDonald 's to appeal this time . On Tuesday , the Federal Court -- the highest in the land -- held up the appeals court ruling . McDonald 's said it accepts the judgment . "  We respect the finding of the court and beyond that have no further comment , " said Liam Jeory of McDonald 's Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa region . Suppiah said the ruling means he can now add other McCurry locations , with its slogan : "  Tasty and so Gooood . "	David-and-Goliath match-up in fast food world sees McCurry defeat McDonald 's McDonald 's claimed that the "  Mc " in McCurry trampled on its trademark McCurry owner P. Suppiah : "  We 're very relieved -- much , much relieved "
CNN  -- A pirate ship , bubble-blowing animated dragons and 3 million Lego bricks . For families with young kids -- or just any one who values uniform snapability -- the new Legoland Hotel in California is irresistible . The three-story , 250-room hotel , which opened last week at Legoland resort in California , is the only Legoland hotel in the United States . Two others are located in England and Denmark . Sorry , the new hotel is n't built entirely out of tiny , brightly colored bricks . But it does have some 3,400 incredible sculptures created with approximately 3 million Lego pieces . The wall behind the check-in desk ? Created entirely from Lego Minifigures . The potted plant on the counter ? More Legos . Each room is decorated after one of three themes -- Pirate , Adventure or Kingdom  why no Space ?  -- and all have a separate children 's area with a bunk bed and trundle bed , accommodating up to three children . Additional cute feature : rooms come with a treasure hunt game , keeping you , er , your kids , busy hunting for a Lego treasure chest . If kids at Legoland wake up early from sheer plastic fever -- or if someone punctures a foot on one of those maddening little pieces in the middle of the night -- they can access the park before it opens at 10 a.m. , ahead of the public . 1 Legoland Dr. , Carlsbad , Calif. ; +1 8775346526 ; rooms start at $ 178 ; california.legoland.com 18 wacky hotels in the United States	Hotel has 3,400 sculptures created with 3 million Lego pieces Each room comes with separate children 's area Guests can access park before it opens each morning
CNN  -- Just days before he was sworn in , President Obama was giving his daughters a tour of the Lincoln Memorial when one of them pointed to a copy of Abraham Lincoln 's second inaugural address carved into the wall . President Obama strides into history as the nation 's first black president . Obama 's 7-year-old daughter , Sasha , told her father that Lincoln 's speech was really long . Would he have to give a speech as long ? Obama 's answer was completed by his older daughter , 10-year-old Malia . "  I said , ` Actually , that one is pretty short . Mine may even be a little longer , ' " Obama told CNN recently . "  At which point , Malia turns to me and says , ` First African-American president , better be good . ' " The story is light-hearted , but it touches on a delicate question : Will people hold Obama to a different standard because he is the first African-American president ? Americans appear split by race on that answer . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , 53 percent of blacks say the American public will hold Obama to a higher standard than past presidents because he is black . Most whites -- 61 percent -- say Obama 's race will not matter in how he will be judged . The question divided several people who were racial pioneers themselves . Alexander Jefferson was one of the first blacks allowed to become a fighter pilot . He was a member of the Tuskegee Airmen , a group of black pilots who escorted bombers in World War II . "  We had to be twice as good to be average , " he says . Obama wo n't face the same pressures he did because his presidential predecessor was so inept , Jefferson says . "  No , the world is ready for him , " he says . "  The -LSB- George W. -RSB- Bush debacle was so depressing . " Jefferson was shot down by ground fire on his 19th mission and spent a year in German prison camps . He wrote about his POW experiences in "  Red Tail Captured , Red Tail Free : Memoirs of a Tuskegee Airman and POW . " Jefferson says he dealt with the pressures of being a racial pioneer by drawing on the strength of black leaders who opened doors for him . "  I sit on the backs of everyone who came before me , " says Jefferson , who attended Obama 's inauguration with other Tuskegee Airmen . Jefferson says he would have emotionally imploded if he 'd thought too much about the pressures of representing all blacks and dealing with the racism he encountered when he returned home to a segregated America after the war . "  I did what I had to do so I did n't go stark-raving mad , " he says . "  There was n't all this self-analysis and back and forth . I was too damn busy with a wife , a child and a mortgage . " Michele Andrea Bowen could n't avoid a bout of constant self-analysis . She was one of the first African-American students admitted to a doctorate program in history at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  I know Obama is going to be held to a different standard , " says Bowen , author of "  Up at the College " and books such as "  Holy Ghost Corner , " which celebrate black faith and culture . Bowen says she faced relentless scrutiny , and so will Obama . "  You know that it was hard for you to get in it , and you know they 're watching you , " Bowen says . "  And you know that they 're judging you by a critical standard that 's sometimes not fair . " Bowen says a white classmate , her partner in dissertation , once confided to her that he received the same grades as she did , even though he knew his work was inferior . "  It toughened me up , " Bowen says . "  It can give you headaches and stomachaches . I learned you have to be thankful that God blessed you with that opportunity . At some point , you stop worrying , and you trust God . " ` Would Bush have been president if he were black ? ' Perhaps Obama will avoid those stomachaches because of the massive good will his election has generated . But that could change quickly if Obama makes a controversial decision or a mistake , says Andrew Rojecki , co-author of "  The Black Image in the White Mind : Media and Race in America . " Rojecki says people who say Obama is n't going to be held to a different standard because of his skin color did n't pay attention to his campaign . He says Obama had to deal with challenges that other candidates did n't have to face . Obama 's run for office was almost ended by his association with his minister , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , whose incendiary sermons shocked many . But Republican presidential nominee John McCain 's relationship with the Rev. John Hagee , who was accused of anti-Semitism , never threatened to end his campaign , Rojecki says . "  Obama was held responsible for what his minister said , and McCain was associated with Hagee , but somehow that did n't stick , " says Rojecki , a communication professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago . Even people who regard themselves as the most progressive , open-minded supporters may subconsciously hold Obama to a different standard , Rojecki says . He says several academic studies show that it often takes people longer to associate good qualities to blacks when different faces are flashed across a screen . "  They have these stereotypes buried in their subconscious , " he says . "  That 's why people cross the street when they see a young black man . They 'd rather not take a chance . " Obama virtually had to be perfect to overcome those stereotypes , Rojecki says . He was the first black editor of the Harvard Law Review , he has an Ivy League-educated wife and adorable daughters , and he ran a great campaign . "  He 's the perfect symbol of achievement , " Rojecki says . White candidates for office do n't have to have an uninterrupted life of achievement to be considered for the Oval Office , Rojecki says . "  If George W. Bush were black , do you think he would be president ? " Rojecki says . Jefferson , the Tuskegee Airman , says Obama should have at least one consolation . The problems he confronts now are so immense that anyone , even someone who was considered by many to be perfect , would not be able to escape withering judgment . "  If the president was Jesus Christ , " Jefferson says , "  they would still debate if he 's qualified . "	Racial pioneers say they felt pressure to be extraordinary Poll shows Americans split by race over how Obama will be judged Racial pioneer says pressure can make person "  stark-raving mad "
CNN  -- The wife of an American reportedly shot dead by gunmen believed linked to a Mexican drug gang gave an eight-hour interview and provided a detailed statement to federal and state authorities in Mexico , she said Monday . Tiffany Hartley told CNN 's "  American Morning " she gave a detailed account of what happened on September 30 , from the time she and her husband David left their McAllen , Texas , home until she left a sheriff 's office that night . She said she is scheduled to meet with authorities again Monday to finish up the statement . Hartley recounted the incident Monday , saying she and her husband headed to Falcon Lake , which straddles the U.S.-Mexico border , that day to "  enjoy a day on the lake . " The two decided to ride their personal watercraft to the Mexican side of the lake to see a historical church there , she said . But she said the couple was confronted by three boats , and gunmen aboard began firing shots at them when they tried to flee the area . She said she saw her husband shot , and attempted to pull him on board her watercraft . "  After they shot David I turned my Jet Ski around so I could go and help him , " she said . But a boat approached her and the person on board pointed a gun toward her , then left . She attempted to get her husband on board , but fled when she saw the boats returning . She said she had to pass the three boats while attempting to get back to the U.S. side of the lake . By the time she got there , she could not see what was taking place back at the scene , she said Monday . "  The boats chased me pretty much all the way to the U.S. border or past it , " she said . David Hartley 's body has not been found , despite extensive searches by both U.S. and Mexican authorities . Brian Quigley , spokesman for the U.S. Consulate in Matamoros , Mexico , said Saturday that Tiffany Hartley is "  fully cooperating in assisting Mexican prosecutors with their investigation . " Her Friday interview with officials from the federal attorney general 's office and prosecutors from Mexico 's Tamaulipas state was held in the FBI field office in McAllen . It took place the day after Mexican authorities said they were suspending the search for David Hartley . "  Mexican authorities told the U.S. Consulate that the suspension of the search was only temporary and would continue at a later date , " Quigley said . "  We are going to hold them to that . " Tiffany Hartley 's mother , Cynthia Young , said earlier that she , Tiffany Hartley and the woman 's father met with Mexican and American officials Friday , and the family was told that the Mexican government was "  restrategizing " how it was handling the search for Hartley 's body . Tiffany Hartley met with Rolando Armando Flores Villegas , the lead Mexican investigator in the death of her husband , days before Flores was killed . His severed head was delivered to authorities in a suitcase last week . However , authorities vowed to continue to search . On Friday , Tamaulipas state attorney general spokesman Ruben Dario Rios said the suspension was a "  temporary recess so that we can better assess the strategies we are using to find the body . " Responding to local reports that threats of imminent gun battles by the Los Zetas drug cartel might have led officials to suspend the search , Dario Rios said , "  Negative . " Zapata County , Texas , Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez Jr. has said Mexican authorities may have been trying to intimidate Tiffany Hartley during the in-depth interview Friday and scare her into not pushing them to continue the investigation . But Tiffany Hartley denied that Monday , saying authorities just wanted detailed information about the day -- "  where we had stopped and who we talked to , that kind of thing . I did n't feel like it was an interrogation , and I really hope they do continue the search and continue their investigation . " She said she did not get a sense that authorities were questioning her account . "  We just want David back , " Tiffany Hartley said . " ... I think they do want to find whoever , but ultimately I do n't really care if they find the person because I know in time , they 'll have their day -LSB- of judgment -RSB- . " A report issued by a Texas-based think tank last week suggested that Hartley 's death may have stemmed from a case of mistaken identity in the ongoing war between two Mexican drug cartels . The Stratfor report , which cites anonymous sources , noted that David Hartley worked for an oil and gas company with operations in Reynosa , Mexico . The couple had lived there for two years and had only moved to McAllen within the past few months , the report said . The truck they drove to Falcon Lake on September 30 still had a license plate from Tamaulipas state . The couple drove their personal watercraft to the Old Guerrero area of the lake , which the report said is a "  known battleground in the ongoing war in the Los Zetas and Gulf cartels . " The sources told Stratfor both cartels have been known to conduct surveillance and countersurveillance operations on personal watercraft , so Zetas scouts identified them as possible Gulf spies , because of their license plate and their method and direction of travel on Falcon Lake . They were then apparently confronted by "  Zetas enforcers , " Stratfor said . The sources told Stratfor the attack was unauthorized by senior Los Zetas members and "  a damage control campaign is currently under way ... to identify and eliminate those who engaged the Hartleys without proper authorization . " Protocol involves prompt disposition of a body to ensure no evidence can be brought against the group , the report said . Falcon Lake is about 70 miles west of the Hartleys ' home in McAllen . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	NEW : Tiffany Hartley is set to finish her statement Monday She says she did not feel intimidated or interrogated She gave an eight-hour interview to authorities "  We just want David back , " she says
CNN  -- In general , digestive diseases are hidden in the bathroom . You do n't talk about anything that happens there unless it 's with your spouse or a close friend . Being ashamed and scared , you tend to pull back and hide . Nobody wants to stand out on a corner and say , "  I 've got an ostomy , " myself included . I have an ostomy -- just like more than 500,000 people in the United States , according to the United Ostomy Associations of America . An ostomy is a surgically created opening in the body that allows for the external elimination of body waste . They call mine a colostomy because it involves my colon . There are many types of ostomies , such as those involving the bladder or the ileum  the final part of the small intestine  . My path to this crossroads involved being diagnosed with Crohn 's disease at the age of 17 . The chronic disease left me doubled over in pain during flare-ups that sent me to the bathroom frequently for days . Some of the symptoms people experience are nausea , life-threatening bowel obstructions , incontinence , dehydration , intravenous feeding , fatigue and depression . Living with Crohn 's disease : ` Today I will fight again ' My illness was punctuated by multiple surgeries , hospitalizations and a body fighting to stay alive . I am thankful for the amazing doctors and nurses at UCLA who saved my life not once but twice . Six years ago , my Crohn 's had gotten so bad , I had a temporary ostomy where my colon was reattached several months later . I remember my emotional status after that : I did n't want to leave the house . If my bag filled up , I did n't want to use a public restroom to change it . I found myself facing a permanent colostomy in 2010 . I knew that I needed the procedure to save my life , but I was faced with the impending realization that my body and my life would change forever . FAQ : Adapting to life after an ostomy I would no longer be able to hit the beach and take my shirt off without people staring or getting grossed out . Nor would I be able to sleep with my shirt off , because it would mean one less layer of protection against a leak . I was afraid to leave my house or even let anyone see my bag ; I have even hidden it from my inquisitive 8-year-old daughter . I found myself trying to cover up noises and smells that I was convinced others always heard and smelled , although they rarely did . I knew that I had to make a choice between living my life in fear or meeting this new challenge head-on . Eventually , I came to a realization : I refused to be part of a stigma and go into hiding because of embarrassment . Now I am sharing my story in an effort to help educate the general population about ostomies . We need to start a national conversation about ostomies and let people know they are not alone . David Rudzin , president of the United Ostomy Associations of America , agrees . "  It would break the stigma and the silence , since no one talks about ostomy surgery . People consider it disfiguring and gross , " he said . "  Ostomies , like mastectomies , save lives , period , " he said . "  Unfortunately , all people focus on is crapping in a pouch . " Designs to disguise and emphasize external devices You see , all of my fears 2 1/2 years ago were for nothing . Besides my efforts to raise awareness , I have traveled , gone to the beach  my shirt stays on , though  , swum freely in pools and oceans , and even gone ziplining . Having the ostomy has done nothing to impede my way of life . If anything , it has improved it . I am no longer living a life inside the bathroom . My mission now is to convince everyone to start the conversation about ostomies . Maybe then we can reach those people who feel lost and scared , educate the public about greater acceptance and , most important , raise awareness so that no one fears having an ostomy or knowing someone with one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Doug Yakich .	Doug Yakich has had Crohn 's disease for more than 20 years Yakich had a life-changing colostomy about two years ago He hopes his essay will inspire a national conversation about ostomies Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
More than 30 years ago , 6-year-old Etan Patz vanished from a Manhattan street on his way to a school bus stop . His parents never saw him again . The case -- lately reopened by police -- riveted millions . It also changed the country . "  It awakened America , " said Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . "  It was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . " The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness . Just weeks after Etan disappeared in May 1979 , an attacker abducted the first of more than 20 children to be kidnapped and killed in Atlanta , stirring fear until police arrested a suspect two years later . In another case that made headlines , in 1981 someone abducted 6-year-old Adam Walsh from a Florida shopping mall and killed him . The cases received increasing news coverage in a fast-changing landscape that saw a proliferation of media outlets with growing interest in compelling visual images -- such as a heart-rending photo of a smiling child or video of parents pleading for their child 's safe return . The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said . "  Interest in the situation exploded , " said Marc Klaas , whose 12-year-old daughter , Polly , was kidnapped and strangled to death in a 1993 case that also received intense news coverage . "  It really pulled the lid off of America 's dirty little secret , the fact that children are being victimized in large numbers , " he said Friday . The cases also stoked fear , sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act . That led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984 . It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hotline on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . Police officers also started to respond more quickly to reports of missing children , experts said . After Etan disappeared , investigators tried what was then a novel technique to try to find him : They put his face on thousands of milk cartons , a technique that would become more common in the next few years . Relatives and authorities also put the images of missing children on billboards and fliers distributed by mail . Those more assertive efforts eventually led to the AMBER alert system , which broadcasts news about missing children on TV , radio , the Internet , mobile phones , lottery tickets and highway signs . That system has helped save 554 children , the federal government says . Most of them were recovered after the first-ever White House Conference on Missing , Exploited and Runaway Children in 2002 . Before the dramatic increase in awareness of crimes against children in the 1980s , only a few high-profile cases grabbed the public 's attention . Klaas points out that in 1873 , after a 4-year-old Philadelphia boy named Charley Ross disappeared , authorities produced the first missing child flier . The 1932 disappearance and killing of Charles Lindbergh Jr. , the 20-month-old son of the world-famous aviator , attracted worldwide attention . It resulted in the Lindbergh Law , which permitted federal authorities to chase kidnappers across state lines . Even before the Etan Patz case , groups were working in the 1970s -- largely out of the spotlight -- on the issue of missing children . They advocated tougher rules in cases of children who were abducted by relatives , said Joel Best , professor of sociology and criminal justice at the University of Delaware . Children abducted by relatives , runaways , and abductions by strangers are the three classifications of what came to be repackaged and rebranded by activists as "  missing children " in the late 1970s and early 1980s , Best said . "  The missing children 's movement was the outgrowth of an earlier child-snatching movement , " Best said . Runaways comprise the largest number of the missing children , Best said , and while there are few abductions by strangers , those "  emotional , wrenching stories " make an impact . Lisa Cohen , author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case that Held America Captive , said the Etan Patz case galvanized media-saturated New York . So did his photo , which Cohen called a "  beautiful " shot made by his photographer father , Stan . "  A picture is worth a thousand words , " she said . Cohen said people empathized with the angst of Stan and his wife Julie -- seen by TV viewers and newspapers readers as normal , intelligent and wise people . The case never ended , the story was never over , and the news outlets never stopped covering it . "  It started a ball rolling , " she said . "  There was a real momentum . " Barbara Friedman , associate professor of University of North Carolina 's School of Journalism and Mass Communication , said such "  heinous crimes are always newsworthy " and "  have been reported in the press for as long as there has been a press . " "  As media became more plentiful and visual in the 1980s , child abductions and child murders allowed for the kinds of images that are at once intimate and universal -- like school photos and grieving families , " Friedman said . "  The use of milk cartons as another form of media to locate missing children was a way to bring the issue into the family space -- the breakfast table -- heightening awareness as well as anxieties . " Etan 's family and Adam Walsh 's parents have been particularly media savvy , she said , as they kept their cases front and center before the public and law enforcement . "  They were strategically and actively engaged in cultivating their attention . And in the age of the 24-hour news cycle , there were more reporters looking for substantive news stories and more space to fill , " she said . The case raised consciousness but also stirred fear . "  I think it ended an era of innocence in this country , " Allen said . "  Parents around the nation saw how it happened and thought , ` But for the grace of God , my child . ' "	The Patz disappearance was one of several high-profile cases Etan Patz 's photo was posted on milk cartons Abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous Authorities use the AMBER alert system when children go missing
Washington  CNN  -- Few issues divide the Supreme Court -- and the country at large -- more than church-state matters , and arguments before the Supreme Court on Wednesday involving a workplace discrimination lawsuit against a Lutheran church proved especially touchy . At issue is whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "  ministerial employees " like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties . The justices appeared at odds over whether this is substantive discrimination or simple retaliation against a Michigan teacher , after she complained to government authorities over her treatment on the job . "  You 're asking for an exemption  to lawsuits  so these issues ca n't even be tried " in a government hearing on the merits , said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  She was fired simply for asking for a hearing . " "  It 's none of the business of the government to decide what the substantial interest of the church is , " countered Justice Antonin Scalia . "  There , in black and white in the text of the Constitution , are special protections for religion . " Court records show Cheryl Perich went on medical leave for narcolepsy in 2004 . When she tried to return several months later to the Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical Lutheran Church and School , officials refused to accept her , saying a substitute had been hired to complete the school year . After weeks of often acrimonious discussions between her and the school , Perich was fired for insubordination and "  regrettable " conduct toward church leaders . She then complained to the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , which sued the church on her behalf . Federal courts have upheld an exception in the Americans with Disabilities Act blocking government intrusion in the employment decisions between religious institutions and ministerial workers . The church said Perich was just such an employee and therefore the institution could not be sued . Perich had been hired five years earlier , and eventually became a "  called " teacher , meaning she could not be fired without cause . Assigned to third and fourth grades , she led instruction in math , language arts , social studies , gym and music , with much of the curriculum identical to that of the local public schools . Perich also taught a religion class four days a week , and engaged in daily prayers and devotionals with her students . The religion-based activities typically took up about 45 minutes of the seven-hour school day , according to court documents . She also led chapel services with her class twice a year , on a rotation basis with other instructors . The faculty has two types of teachers : "  lay " employees , who are on one-year contracts , and called teachers like Perich , who have completed a formal colloquy , receiving a certificate of admission into the teaching ministry . Those parochial instructors are hired on an open-ended basis and can not be summarily dismissed without proper justification . Perich began as a contract teacher , but fulfilled the requirements to be a called teacher , becoming a "  commissioned minister " in the Lutheran Church . Perich attended the one-hour oral arguments at the high court , saying afterward , "  I ca n't fathom how the Constitution in any way can be interpreted to deny me my fundamental rights . I hope the court sees it that way . " The Redford , Michigan , school is affiliated with the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod , but does not require its teachers to be called , or even Lutheran . A federal appeals court in Cincinnati eventually ruled for Perich , saying her primary duties as a teacher were not religious in nature . In the oral arguments at the high court , Douglas Laycock , representing the church , said , "  Government does not set the criteria for selecting and removing officers of the church . That 's a bedrock principle . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor jumped in . "  Does n't society have a right at some point to say certain conduct is unacceptable , " and deserving of government intervention . "  We know from the news recently that there was a church whose religious beliefs centered around sexually exploiting women and , I believe , children . " She added , "  Once we say that 's unacceptable , can and why should n't we protect  from retaliation  the people who are doing what the law requires , i.e. reporting it ? " Arguing for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , Justice Department lawyer Leondra Kruger said , "  The government 's interest in this case is not in dictating to the church-operated school who it may choose to teach religion classes and who it may not . It is one thing and one thing only , which is to tell the school that it may not punish its employees for threatening to report civil wrongs to civil authorities . " Chief Justice John Roberts was incredulous . "  You 're making a judgment about how important a particular religious belief is to a church , " he told Kruger . "  You 're saying : We do n't believe the Lutheran Church when it says that this is an important and central tenet of our faith . " Kruger later suggested the government could not bring action against the Catholic Church for its historic policy of men-only priests , but that retaliation claims against the Lutheran Church in this case are justified . But Justice Samuel Alito said any such lawsuit would invariably involve questions of religious doctrine , from which religious groups would be constitutionally insulated from any claims . "  I ca n't reconcile your position on those two issues without coming to the conclusion that you think that the Catholic doctrine is older , stronger and entitled to more respect than the Lutheran doctrine , " he said . The Constitution 's First Amendment bars any government from passing laws "  respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " The high court in the past has typically dealt with such church-state disputes by allowing Ten Commandment displays in public buildings ; the mention of "  God " on currency and in the Pledge of Allegiance ; manger and menorah displays in public parks ; and school and legislature prayer . Legal experts say federal courts have been split on the current issue , and it gives the justices a rare opportunity to explore a religious freedom dispute from an employment context . Several dozen supporting briefs supporting both sides have been filed by religious and civil liberty organizations , employment groups , and eight other states . Six members of the high court are Catholic , the other three are Jewish . The case is Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical Lutheran Church and School v. EEOC  10-553  . A ruling is expected early next year .	A former teacher wants to sue the church school that dismissed her The Evangelical Lutheran Church and School says it is immune from such suits Justice Sotomayor : "  Does n't society have a right " to censure "  certain conduct ? " Chief Roberts : The EEOC is judging "  how important a ... religious belief is to a church "
CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice described Moammar Gadhafi 's crush on her as "  weird and a bit creepy , " saying she breathed a sigh of relief when she realized a video he made of her was not raunchy . In her new book , "  No Higher Honor : A Memoir of My Years in Washington , " Rice said the ruler once played her a video montage of herself set to a tune called "  African Flower in the White House . " A Libyan composer wrote the song , she said . Earlier this year , anti-Gadhafi fighters ransacking his compound in Tripoli found an album of photos of the former top Bush administration official . "  Quite extraordinary , weird and a bit creepy , " Rice told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Wednesday night about the scrapbook . "  I had actually known that he had this fixation on me . " Rice said when Gadhafi showed her the video montage years ago in Libya , she tried to keep the conversation on business . "  My job was to go there and do diplomatic business and get out , so that 's what I did , " she said . "  But I have to say I did have that terrible moment when he said that he had the video . I am just glad that it all came out all right . " Gadhafi was captured and killed in October , ending a Libyan revolution that started in February against his regime . Rice also weighed in on GOP presidential contender Herman Cain 's claims that racism is behind the recent surfacing of old sexual harassment allegations against him . "  I actually do n't like playing the race card on either side , " Rice said . "  I do n't like it when people say that the criticism of President  Barack  Obama is because he is black . The criticism is because he is the president , and we tend to criticize our presidents . " Rice said Cain is "  an interesting person . He has an interesting background . Obviously , a lot of business experience . He is sort of shaking up the race . I do n't think that 's necessarily a bad thing . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Rice says Gadhafi once showed her a video montage during a visit to Libya He played the video montage to a tune called "  African Flower in the White House " "  I had actually known that he had this fixation on me , " she says
CNN  -- A second lawsuit has been filed accusing Kevin Clash , the puppeteer who provided the voice of Elmo on "  Sesame Street , " of engaging in a sexual relationship with a minor . In a lawsuit filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York , a Florida man referred to as John Doe says Clash lured him into a sexual relationship in 2000 , when the then-16-year-old came to the New York area from Florida to pursue modeling opportunities . Clash 's lawyer said the federal cases against his client are without merit . "  The cases and Mr. Clash 's reputation will be defended vigorously , " attorney Michael Berger said in a written statement . Clash made contact with the teen through a gay chat line , posing as a 30-year-old named Craig , the second lawsuit alleges . After a couple of phone conversations , Clash invited the teen , who had been staying with relatives in New Jersey during his modeling visit , to spend time with Clash at his Manhattan apartment . It was there that the sexual contact occurred after Clash supplied the boy with alcohol , the lawsuit says . Clash kept in contact with the teen until the boy graduated from high school , turned 18 and moved to New York City to pursue his modeling career , the suit says . The pair had a sexual relationship at that time , the suit says . The suit alleges that the plaintiff suffered psychological and emotional injuries from his sexual relationship with Clash as a teenager and asks for damages from Clash . The plaintiff is asking for a jury trial . It 's the second lawsuit to be filed against Clash this month . In a suit filed November 20 , Cecil Singleton alleges that Clash "  persuaded , induced , coerced or enticed " him to meet for sexual encounters when he was 15 years old . That suit seeks $ 5 million in damages from Clash , alleging that Singleton "  suffered severe injuries , including but not limited to mental , psychological and emotional trauma . " Singleton has said the case is not about the money . "  In fact , I 'd like to make him  Clash  an offer . If he would acknowledge the relationship we had when I was 15 years old , as well as apologize to any prospective victim out there , and agree to never work around minors , as well as pay my attorneys ' fees , I drop the $ 5 million lawsuit , " Singleton told HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky . Singleton and the latest plaintiff are being represented by attorney Jeff Herman , whose practice is limited to sexual abuse cases . Speaking to CNN , Herman said the latest plaintiff "  felt he had a duty to come forward " to "  shed a light on the truth . " Clash , 52 , resigned from his job on "  Sesame Street " after the first lawsuit was filed . "  I am resigning from Sesame Workshop with a very heavy heart , " Clash said in a written statement at the time . "  I have loved every day of my 28 years working for this exceptional organization . Personal matters have diverted attention away from the important work Sesame Street is doing and I can not allow it to go on any longer . I am deeply sorry to be leaving and am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately . " Despite his stepping down , Clash 's voice will be used for Elmo through 2014 , as the next season of "  Sesame Street " has already been filmed . Season 44 will begin airing September 2013 and air for the year , according to a show representative . Earlier in November , another man who had accused Clash of engaging in a sexual relationship with him as a teenager recanted that claim , issuing a statement saying that it was "  an adult consensual relationship . " When the first accusation emerged , Clash acknowledged a relationship between "  two consenting adults " but said the man otherwise was making a "  false and defamatory allegation . " "  I am a gay man , " Clash said in a statement . "  I have never been ashamed of this or tried to hide it , but felt it was a personal and private matter . " Clash was the high-pitched voice of the iconic furry red Elmo , whom he played since 1984 , winning Emmy Awards along the way . He was the third Muppeteer to take on the role . When heroes disappoint our kids	Plaintiff 's lawyer says client "  felt he had a duty to come forward " An attorney for Kevin Clash says the cases against his client have no merit Clash resigned from "  Sesame Street " after the first lawsuit was filed Earlier allegations of sexual relationship with a minor against Clash were withdrawn
CNN  -- When she was very young , Kayla Avery was used to playing in the snow . But the former Boston resident had n't seen much of the white stuff since she moved to Arizona more than a decade ago . She got a reminder Wednesday . "  We received a blizzard warning last night through the emergency broadcasting system . Most of us did n't believe it , " she told CNN iReport . "  Most of the news reports said it probably would n't snow in the valley , and two hours later it was snowing . " Avery , a 19-year-old student at the University of Arizona , said the snow was still falling Wednesday afternoon . "  My brother and I were staring out the window saying , ` What ? It 's snowing in Tucson ? That 's not supposed to happen ! ' " she said , adding that she 's never seen this much snow in the area since her family moved there . Usually the area gets no more than a dusting of snow once a year . iReport : "  Blizzard " in Tucson The inch of snow also caused PGA Tour officials to postpone play at the World Golf Championships-Accenture Match Play Championship in nearby Marana , Arizona . The rare accumulation was all part of a massive winter storm that promises to blanket a huge swath of the nation in crazy weather , from 18 inches of snow or more in Kansas to thunderstorms and flooding along the Gulf Coast . Trouble for the next three days In all , about 800,000 square miles in 18 states were under some form of watch or warning Wednesday related to a major storm pouring out of California and into the Central Plains and the Midwest , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . About 30 million people live in the covered areas , he said . One of the places that could be hit the hardest is Springfield , Missouri . Among the hazards expected there Wednesday : lightning , wind and ice , with a little snow and sleet thrown on top for good measure . The biggest threat of heavy snow lies in parts of Kansas , Nebraska and Missouri , with the possibility of whiteout conditions in some places , he said . Track winter weather across the U.S. . In Kansas , where the storm had already started , the National Weather Service was predicting as much as 18 inches of snow . The agency said parts of Nebraska could see more than a foot of snow , with drifts making some roads impassable . CNN affiliate KSNW in Wichita reported that crews had treated roads Monday but no matter how much salt and sand they had spread , by Wednesday morning , primary roads were snow-packed and slick . Side streets were worse . There was a break in the weather that allowed crews to get out before the afternoon rush hour and clear some of the major thoroughfares , the station reported . Kansas State University announced on its website that Thursday classes were canceled . Forecasters were predicting as much as 2 inches of snow in St. Louis , with the precipitation turning into sleet and freezing rain Thursday . The conditions will have "  a significant impact on travel , " the weather service warned . North of where the most snow will fall , Chicago could receive what would be its largest single snowfall of the year -- 4 inches , Miller said . The city usually gets up to 4 feet of snow a year . So far this year , only about a foot has fallen , he said . South of the snow belt , dangerously icy conditions are possible in parts of northern Arkansas and southern Missouri , he said . That includes Springfield , where windy conditions will precede the possibility of up to 3 inches of snow and sleet Thursday , with the possibility of a quarter of an inch or more of ice to boot . Heavy rains forecast Elsewhere , severe thunderstorms moving in from the Gulf of Mexico are expected to dump from 2 to 6 inches of rain over New Orleans , Louisiana , and Montgomery , Alabama , according to CNN 's weather center , before rolling up toward Atlanta . The torrential rains could lead to significant river flooding near the Gulf , as flood watches are still in effect from last week 's heavy rains . Heavy winds , hail and tornadoes are possible , the National Weather Service says . Downpours are expected to continue into Friday . Travel delays It was snowing Wednesday in Denver where almost a dozen inbound flights were canceled , according to the flight-tracking website FlightAware.com . More than 200 flights into or out of U.S. airports were canceled , the website said , with almost 175 already called off for Thursday . Kansas City International Airport posted a statement on its website advising passengers to check their flight status before heading to the airport . "  There is potential for more cancelled or delayed flights as the storm continues , " the statement said . Flight Aware reported that more than 100 flights were affected at that airport . CNN Meteorologists Ivan Cabrera and Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	More than 200 U.S. flights canceled on Wednesday Parts of Missouri and Kansas could see 3 inches of sleet , 1/4-inch of ice The storm is now moving out to blanket central Plains , Midwest with snow There are still flood watches in place from last week near the Gulf , and more rain is coming
CNN  -- The federal government has reopened 4,281 square miles of federal waters off the coast of western Louisiana to commercial and recreational fishing , according to Jane Lubchenco , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The region being reopened represents 7.4 percent of the total area in the Gulf of Mexico that had been closed off prior to Friday . More than 48,000 square miles of federal waters -- roughly 20 percent of the total federal waters in the Gulf -- remain closed to fishermen . At its height , the fishing ban resulting from the April 20 BP oil rig explosion stretched over 88,000 square miles , or 37 percent of federal Gulf waters , Lubchenco noted . The western Louisiana waters represent the third area in the Gulf to be reopened to fishing . A region off the Florida peninsula was reopened on July 22 , and another area off the Florida panhandle was reopened on August 10 , according to Lubchenco . Officials are "  nibbling at the edges " in terms of reopening the Gulf waters after extensive testing , Lubchenco said , starting with areas that were the least contaminated . "  We feel completely confident that the  Gulf  seafood that is in the market now is safe for human consumption , " she told reporters . But we will "  continue to investigate the longer-term impacts this spill may have had . " Lubchenco said that in order for an area of the Gulf to be reopened , no oil can be present or expected to be present in the forseeable future . Water samples taken from the area must pass both a sensory and chemical analysis . She also stated that the NOAA -- in conjunction with the Environmental Protection Agency -- will continue to test seafood from reopened areas of the Gulf . In a separate announcement , Louisiana officials stated that a project to monitor shrimp trawling vessels in St. Bernard Parish waters would conclude on Friday . The project began on August 12 . "  We 've encountered dozens of shrimp vessels at work in St. Bernard Parish , " said Jeff Dauzat , an environmental scientist with the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality . "  All vessels encountered ... have been inspected and no indications of oil have been noted on nets or in the catch . " The federal and state announcements came roughly three weeks after BP plugged its crippled Macondo oil well in the Gulf with cement and mud from above . Crews are currently "  fishing " for pieces of drill pipe that need to be removed from inside the well 's blowout preventer before crews can move on to the "  bottom kill " -- the permanent fix for the well . Thad Allen , the man in charge of the government response to the Gulf oil crisis , said Wednesday that the "  fishing " operations had been delayed by a buildup of hydrates -- chemicals that form at low temperatures and high pressures toward the sea floor -- that temporarily jammed the cap that trapped oil in the well starting on July 15 . Crews , however , have now flushed the system to loosen the cap , thereby allowing them to begin "  fishing " through the top of the well again .	NEW : St. Bernard Parish officials say monitoring of shrimp trawlers shows no oil Almost 4,300 square miles of federal waters off Louisiana 's coast have been reopened Over 48,000 square miles of the Gulf of Mexico remain closed to fishermen The federal government is engaged in extensive testing of the Gulf , according to the NOAA
New York City police arrested a man for allegedly flying a drone inside the U.S. Open venue Wednesday night . Serena Williams and Flavia Pennetta were battling for a spot in the semi-finals on another court when police spotted the drone around 9 p.m. Wednesday near courts 16 and 17 , which were empty at the time , according to New York City Police detective Martin Speechley . By the time Williams beat her opponent in straight sets that night , the alleged drone-flying intruder was already in police custody . Police said the drone was piloted by Daniel Feighery of Yonkers , New York , who was arrested 50 yards outside U.S. Open grounds . Feighery , 36 , was charged with reckless endangerment , violation of a local law , and failure to comply with a sign . It 's not known what the sign said . Police also took custody of the drone , Speechley said . Feighery could not be reached for comment . The U.S. Open fly-by is the latest in a string of recent incidents involving drones . Last month , a tourist crashed a drone into the Grand Prismatic Spring , the largest hot spring at Yellowstone National Park , prompting an investigation . The tourist approached a park employee about getting the drone back after losing it in the almost 200-feet deep hot spring . The employee let the tourist go without initially reporting the incident to authorities . Drones are banned in national parks . The National Park Service announced in June that it was prohibiting unmanned aircraft from all park service-controlled lands and waters , totaling about 84 million acres throughout the country . Visitors watching the sunset over the Grand Canyon were interrupted by a loud drone in April . And volunteers reported that a herd of bighorn sheep at Zion National Park in Utah scattered after being harassed by a drone . Also , a Seattle woman called police in June to report a "  peeping Tom " drone . The drone was hovering outside of her high-rise window , and the woman saw operators on the ground below with camera equipment . The Federal Aviation Administration predicts some 10,000 civilian drones will be in use in the United States within five years , including those for law enforcement and commercial means . In August , New York Sen. Chuck Schumer called on the FAA and the Commerce Department to establish drone regulations by the end of the year . "  New York City has become the wild , wild west for commercial and hobby drones , " Schumer said . Although 35 states have considered drone legislation , only five have passed laws to regulate drones . Schumer told CNN that a national law for the skies is key . Drones "  serve many useful purposes , " he said . "  Smart regulation can save the baby and throw out the bathwater . "	Daniel Feighery , 36 , is arrested for flying a drone over the U.S. Open Feighery was picked up 50 yards outside U.S. Open grounds Police also seized his drone The fly-by is the latest in a string of recent drone incidents
CNN  -- A year ago , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a key section of the Defense of Marriage Act or DOMA , a 1996 law that recognized legal marriage as being between a man and a woman . The June 26 , 2013 , ruling in Windsor v. United States afforded equal federal rights and protections to married same-sex couples . The ruling made a huge difference for binational gay couples . With DOMA gone , U.S. citizens and permanent residents could sponsor their same-sex spouses for residency in the United States . Before , many same-sex couples had to make an agonizing choice between love and country when a temporary visa for one of the partners expired . CNN spoke with four such couples before and after the historic ruling . Read how they are doing a year later : Love wins in gay couple 's 40-year immigration fight D-Day Early last June , Satyam Barakoti , 37 , and Tonja Holder , 47 , were pondering their options : Start a new life in Barakoti 's native Nepal . Or maybe Thailand or closer to home in Canada . But they could n't stay in Atlanta and raise their child as a legally married couple . They counted down to February 20 , 2014 , the day Barakoti 's U.S. visa was set to expire and she 'd have to leave the country . The date hung like a thundercloud over their heads . "  It was D-Day for us , " Barakoti says . But a year ago on June 26 , things brightened . Not long after the Supreme Court ruling , Barakoti and Holder got married in Washington , D.C. . They immediately filed a petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for permanent residency or a green card for Barakoti . Barakoti gave birth to a daughter in November and no longer fears being separated from Holder . "  There 's no reason it should not go through , " Holder says of their petition . "  I 've changed enough dirty diapers to know how real a family we are . " The couple runs a small business that helps nonprofits with fundraising and grant writing . After the DOMA ruling , they breathed a sigh of relief and were able to devote more time and energy to building their company and raising their daughter . "  It pretty much changed everything for us , " Holder says . Barakoti no longer looks at a calendar with dread , and February 20 came and went without fanfare . In fact , they did n't even notice . Coming home Brandon Perlberg , 36 , abandoned his law career in New York and moved to London to be with his fiance , Benn Storey , so they could remain together . Storey , 32 , is British and his temporary U.S. work visa had expired . Perlberg grew angry that he had to leave his own country to be with the one he loved . He says he was forced into exile because he is gay . "  As an American I felt torn , " he says . "  On the one hand I love my country dearly , but on the other I deeply resented that we were pushed out rather than afforded the dignity we deserve . " The Supreme Court ruling came more than two years after they left New York . Perlberg and Storey are getting married in October . After that , they can think about moving back to America . "  For the first time in almost 10 years of us being together , we 're finally in control of our own destiny , " Perlberg says . They are planning a trip to New York in July and will test how it feels to be back in America together . Then , they will have to decide where they want to live out their lives . "  Making those decisions wo n't be easy , " he says . "  But we 're grateful that for once , the decisions most meaningful to us get to be ours to make . " ` Persons non-grata ' no more Like Perlberg , Melanie Servetas , 48 , left home to be with her love . She once worked as an executive for Wells Fargo , drove a Jaguar and lived in a three-bedroom house in sunny southern California . She gave it all up so that she could live with her wife , Claudia Amaral , 46 . The two were married in Amaral 's native Brazil . It took them almost a year , but the two moved back to America in late May . At the Dallas airport , they faced an immigration officer they 'd encountered on a previous occasion , when they 'd taken off their rings and walked through not as a family , but as individuals . They had always been afraid that because Amaral only had a temporary tourist visa , immigration authorities might suspect her as someone who might overstay her visa to be with her American partner . But this time , they proudly wore their weddings rings and presented their passports as a married couple . "  Thank God for Ms. Windsor , " Servetas says of Edie Windsor , the plaintiff in the DOMA case the Supreme Court heard . "  The ruling validated us as people , which is ridiculous because who needs to be validated by anybody ? " Servetas says . "  Until that day last year , we were second-class citizens . We were persons non-grata . Now we have the same rights as anyone else . " Servetas and Amaral have been staying with relatives in Arizona , but they plan to return to Rancho Cucamonga , California , and pick up the life Servetas so loved . The Supreme Court also invalidated California 's 2008 voter-approved constitutional ban on gay marriage , otherwise known as Proposition 8 . So Servetas and Amaral will be recognized as legally married by the state as well . Last week , the couple found out that the tenant in Servetas ' house is leaving sooner than anticipated . Servetas and Amaral got married last year on June 26 , the day of the DOMA ruling . They hope to move back into their house on Thursday -- exactly a year later -- when they will be celebrating a double anniversary . Married but single The week after the DOMA ruling , Ryan Wilson and Shehan Welihindha left for their honeymoon . They chose California . Wilson , 30 , and Welihindha , 31 , live in Columbia , South Carolina . But they were among the first seven couples to get married in Wilson 's native Maryland after the state voted to allow same-sex marriage in late 2012 . On their honeymoon , they visited San Francisco and witnessed the first same-sex marriages taking place after Proposition 8 was no more . Then they went on to Napa Valley and Monterey . A hotel where they stayed had champagne waiting for them . That 's something most straight newlyweds expect , but for Wilson and Welihindha , it was a new gesture . Back in South Carolina , their marriage is not recognized . At tax time , they found themselves in a dilemma . "  By state standards we are single . By federal standards we are married , " Wilson says . The returns became complicated . Beyond the headache came the issue of the signature on the state return . How could they say that all the information they had listed was accurate when they felt they were lying about their marital status ? "  I signed it as a single , " Wilson says . "  But that 's not true . So for me , it was a difficult ethical question . I did lie on the form because the state required me to . " On the upside , like all other binational same-sex couples , Wilson and Welihindha no longer have to consider Canada as an option after Welihindha 's student visa expires . He is Sri Lankan , and after he gains permanent residency as a spouse , he will be able to obtain a job here . The best thing , they say , is they can live like any other couple . Not yet in South Carolina , but somewhere in the 19 states that now recognize same-sex marriages . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	A year ago , the Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act That opened doors for binational same-sex couples to say in the United States Some dreaded visa expiry dates ; others were forced to leave America to stay together With DOMA gone , they no longer have to make difficult choices
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Few things could have created more of a media frenzy over Italian football than the David Beckham loan saga between AC Milan and the Los Angeles Galaxy . Italian football fans show their passion for the game . This protracted storyline and the subsequent fallout from it saw readership boom on the SerieATalk.com blog -- our blog of the month . Set up by Christopher Harris in 2007 , the blog has become a full-time job for the 39-year-old American . Harris told CNN that he has a strong interest in the Italian football scene , and with a background working in web design and marketing , that motivated him to set up his own site . "  I created it a couple of years ago -- really with the rise in popularity of Serie A . It has continued to grow , and this year the Beckham story was a large factor in that . " Harris said the rise of Italian football has helped his U.S. based blog flourish since he created it . Read the Serie A Talk blog Rebounding from the lows of the match-fixing scandal in 2006 -- a World Cup win for the Azzurri and the arrival of top players like Kaka and Ronaldinho has seen Italy 's Serie A competition once again become a force in world football . Even today there 's no shortage of issues to talk about . With Inter Milan currently storming to the Serie A title , the ongoing David Beckham road-show , and the failure of the Italian clubs in the Champions League -- there 's been plenty to discuss and debate on the SerieAtalk blog . Harris said there is plenty of television access to Italian football matches in the U.S. and therefore there was already a base of interest on that side of the Atlantic before he began the blog . The major goal of the blog is to present a unique perspective on some of the issues affecting the Italian game , he said . "  It 's a collaboration between several writers around the world . From time to time I write ... but mainly I manage the site . "  Some of our work is talking about the media coverage of the league and looking at the big issues in a unique way , " Harris said . He said he tried to present the blog in an objective way , rather than supporting a particular club . "  I try to remain neutral and be more of an observer of the league itself . " Harris also manages a similar blog on the English Premier League -- epltalk.com .	SerieAtalk.com was set up in 2007 due to the rising popularity of Serie A The blog 's creator , Christopher Harris , says he tries to be neutral Harris tells CNN the David Beckham story has brought a surge in readers
London  CNN  -- Jerusalem may be steeped in thousands of years of history , but the much younger Tel Aviv in Israel is increasingly a draw for culture lovers . This city by the sea is a draw to tourists seeking sun , young people looking to sample its impressive nightlife and culture vultures eager to explore its galleries and architecture . A comparatively new city -- it was founded at the beginning of the 20th century -- its vibe is decidedly modern , with Bauhaus buildings and more recently built skyscrapers making up the urban landscape . Palm trees , meanwhile , decorate its boulevards and harbor . Tel Aviv 's so-called "  White City " -- the part built between the 1930s and 1950s , and home to impressive examples of modernist architecture -- is a UNESCO world heritage site . With its clement weather and laid-back , tolerant atmosphere , Tel Aviv is a worthwhile stop on any tour of Israel and a destination in its own right . CNN selects some of the best spots to experience the cultural side of Tel Aviv , from museums and galleries to chic bars and restaurants . Art : For modern and contemporary art , look no further than the Tel Aviv Museum of Art , with its impressive collection of modern European masterpieces and collection of Israeli art . Its temporary exhibitions are top-notch ; currently , visitors can take in an exhibition of works by the city 's prolific street artists , while November sees the inauguration of a new building with an exhibition of works by German artist Anselm Kiefer . The city is also home to a number of contemporary art galleries , including Sommer Contemporary Art , which mounts shows by a roster of international artists as well as Israeli-born contemporary art stars , such as painter Tal R and video artist Yael Bartana . Architecture and design : Lovers of early modern architecture can head to the Bauhaus Center , which organizes tours of the White City 's collection of Bauhaus architecture . You can join a group or pick up a map and audio guide and traverse the city yourself . Design buffs , meanwhile , should make the short journey to the Design Museum in Holon . Designed by Tel Aviv-born industrial designer , architect and artist Ron Arad , the sculpted building resembles a spool of red ribbon and is as much a destination as the exhibits it contains . Performance : Tel Aviv boasts world-class theater , music and opera . Visit the HaBima National Theater , Israel 's national theater , which was founded at the beginning of the 20th century as a Hebrew-language theater company in Russia . The main building has undergone a costly renovation and should be open to the public again by the end of 2011 . The city is also home to the celebrated Israeli Philharmonic Orchestra , which is linked to some of the 20th century 's great virtuosos , including conductor and composer Leonard Bernstein , the orchestra 's one-time Laureate Conductor , and Tel Aviv-born violinist Itzhak Perlman , who performed as a soloist in the orchestra 's historic visit to the former Soviet Union in 1990 . Music lovers can also take in an opera at the Performing Arts Center . For those wanting something a bit more avant-garde , head to the Nalaga'at Center in Jaffa Port , home to the world 's first and only theater ensemble whose actors are all deaf , blind or both . The center also has a caf  whose waiters are deaf , inviting visitors to , according to its website , "  communicate beyond words . " According to Amelia Thomas , Lonely Planet author , "  You 'll experience your kosher meal -- including sophisticated offerings such as pistachio gnocchi and barramundi with black lentils - through touch , scent and taste alone . " Eating , sleeping , partying : Tel Aviv is often referred to as the "  city that never sleeps , " and is buzzing with bars and clubs for willing visitors to take in on balmy summer nights . Worth a longer stop on any bar-hopper 's itinerary is Betty Ford , a 1950s-inspired bar where DJs spin tunes while a fashionable , arty crowd sip cocktails . Alternatively , head to Sublet , a relaxed roof lounge with views to the sea . Thomas also recommends exploring the many bars and live music joints in the southern Florentine neighborhood . Tel Aviv is famous for its gay and lesbian scene , and has a yearly Gay Pride parade . As website Gay TLV Guide puts it , there is no single gay area in the city "  because the WHOLE CITY is GAY . " Bars to visit include Glitter and The Notorious G.A.Y. Hotels in the city are plentiful , ranging from five star hotels with spas to smaller boutique hotels oozing charm . Those looking for a luxe stay can opt for the David Intercontinental , with its spa and health and fitness center ; or for a more intimate , but no less luxurious stay , head to boutique Montefiore hotel , which boasts just twelve rooms in a restored 1920s heritage building . Thomas particularly singles out its Vietnamese-inspired restaurant and "  chic 1920s vibe , with its slow-moving fans , potted palms and impeccable service . " As for food , the city 's many restaurants serve all cuisines but you may also want to sample delicious bites on offer at the city 's famed street stalls . And if the heat gets too much , Thomas suggests taking "  a guided tour with a difference " -- a scuba dive in the city 's Mediterranean waters , where you can explore caves and even the wreck of a former naval training ship .	Tel Aviv is Israel 's hippest young city Home to world-class theater , music and contemporary art "  White City " area declared a UNESCO world heritage site for Bauhaus architecture Party-loving , tolerant atmosphere attracting more and more visitors
CNN  -- "  Harry Potter " creator J.K. Rowling donned an invisibility cloak of her own for her new novel . In top-secret fashion , she published "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " under the name Robert Galbraith . Her publisher , Mulholland Books -- an imprint of Little , Brown and Company -- described the author as a former member of the Special Investigative Branch of the Royal Military Police . "  He left the military in 2003 and has been working since then in the civilian security industry , " the publisher 's website said . "  The idea for  protagonist  Cormoran Strike grew directly out of his own experiences and those of his military friends who returned to the civilian world . ` Robert Galbraith ' is a pseudonym . " The Sunday Times , curious about who this mystery novelist really was , connected the dots -- noting that "  he " used an agent , editor and publisher who had worked with Rowling . "  I hoped to keep this secret a little longer , because being Robert Galbraith has been such a liberating experience ! " Rowling said in a statement . "  It has been wonderful to publish without hype or expectation and pure pleasure to get feedback from publishers and readers under a different name . Social class , swearing and sex permeate Rowling 's ` Casual Vacancy ' "  The upside of being rumbled is that I can publicly thank my editor David Shelley , who has been a true partner in crime , all those people at Little , Brown who have been working so hard on ` The Cuckoo 's Calling ' without realizing that I wrote it , and the writers and reviewers , both in the newspapers and online , who have been so generous to the novel . "  And to those who have asked for a sequel , Robert fully intends to keep writing the series , although he will probably continue to turn down personal appearances . " Rowling 's daring leap While the novel received praise before the secret was out , the disclosure that Rowling was the author -- to little surprise -- skyrocketed the book 's sales . Reagan Arthur , publisher of Little , Brown and Company . said a reprint of the book is underway and will carry a revised author biography that reads ` Robert Galbraith is a pseudonym for J. K. Rowling . ' " On Amazon.com , sales soared more than 507,000 % after Rowling acknowledged being the author . The fast facts on J. K. Rowling CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	J.K. Rowling secretly wrote "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " The publisher pretended the author was Robert Galbraith , a former soldier and police officer It 's been "  wonderful to publish without hype or expectation , " Rowling says Sales on Amazon spiked 507,000 % after the news broke
San Francisco  CNN  -- An in-depth review of the cockpit voice recorder of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 shows two pilots called for the landing to be aborted before the plane hit a seawall and crashed onto the runway at San Francisco International Airport , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . The first internal call by one of the three pilots in the cockpit to abort the landing came three seconds before the crash and a second was made by another pilot 1.5 seconds before impact , Deborah Hersman said . The news came as the NTSB began to wrap up its investigation at the airport , where officials have begun cleaning up the debris left by the crash . Investigators turned over the runway , which had been shuttered since Saturday 's crash , late Wednesday , Hersman said . The investigation is slowly shifting back to NTSB headquarters in Washington , where authorities will work to find a more definitive answer about what led to the crash that killed two 16-year-old Chinese girls and injured more than 180 of the remaining 305 passengers . How does an air crash investigation work ? It will likely take a year before it establishes a cause for the accident , Hersman said . But , she said , it considers the investigation a priority and can make safety recommendations before its final report if necessary . The NTSB has declined to give a preliminary finding of cause , but investigators have said the Boeing 777 came in too low and too slow . The cockpit recorder shows there was no discussion of the flight 's speed during final approach to the airport until nine seconds before it crash-landed , Hersman said . A preliminary review of the 777 's flight data recorders shows engines and wing flaps responded as they were expected to as the plane made its descent into one of the country 's largest airports , Hersman said . The NTSB chief spent several minutes during a news conference on Thursday clarifying reports that have shown up in South Korean media , including one where the pilot flying the plane reported being temporarily blinded by a flash of light . Hersman said the pilot at the controls of Flight 214 told investigators that at about 500 feet before crash landing , he briefly saw a bright light "  that could have been a reflection of the sun , " but he was n't sure . The pilot told investigators he did not believe the light affected his ability to fly the plane , as it did n't affect his vision and he could see inside the cockpit , she said . Did passengers ignore safety messages ? Additionally , there was no indication that personal electronics , such as mobile phones , aboard the 777 played a role in the accident . When asked about reports , citing 911 calls from frantic passengers and onlookers , that emergency personnel were slow to respond , Hersman said the investigation was ongoing . "  We are looking at all of that information . We have , really , mountains of information to go through , " she said . Shortly after Asiana Flight 214 crash-landed , passengers and witnesses pleaded with 911 responders to send help -- some frantically , some insistently . "  I 'm reporting an airplane crash at SFO  San Francisco International Airport  , " an early witness said in calls released by the California Highway Patrol . "  An airplane crash at SFO ? " a dispatcher asked . "  Yeah . We were hiking on a trail outside Pacifica , and we heard a giant explosion , and ... an airplane had crashed right there at SFO . " Another caller dialed 911 , thinking the response was taking too long . "  We still do n't see any firemen or anything , " another witness said . "  We are responding , trust me , " the operator responded . Did pilot have enough 777 experience ? Moments before , the 777 's main landing gear slammed into a seawall between the airport and San Francisco Bay , spinning the aircraft 360 degrees as it broke into pieces and eventually caught fire . First responders were on the scene two minutes after the crash to tend to the injured , Hersman said Wednesday . About a minute later , there were firefighters equipped to douse the flames . Those who could do so poured out of the plane in the aftermath , dialing for help as they escaped . "  We are at the San Francisco airport , and our airplane just crashed upon landing , and we think we need someone here , someone here as soon as possible , " a passenger said . The dispatcher asks : Which runway ? "  I do n't know what runway . We just literally ran out of the airplane . " Girls killed in crash were headed for camp Flight attendants hailed as heroes CNN 's Mike Ahlers reported from San Francisco , and Chelsea J. Carter and Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kyung Lah also contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigation will likely take a year , NTSB says Two pilots in the cockpit called for the landing to be aborted , NTSB says No discussion of speed until nine seconds before impact , NTSB says 911 calls pour in to dispatchers from witnesses and passengers alike
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese government is ordering outspoken artist Ai Weiwei to pay 15 million yuan  $ 2.3 million  in back taxes , a move Ai calls "  retaliation against a dissident . " Ai said that two representatives from the Beijing tax bureau visited him Tuesday and presented him with documents from the tax authority , ordering the company FAKE Cultural Development Ltd. -- registered by Ai 's wife Luqing -- to pay the taxes within 15 days . Ai , who designed the distinctive "  Bird 's Nest " stadium for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , said he is not even the legal representative of the company , but that police warned him Monday that as the "  factual controlling person " of the company , he 'd better prepare the money and pay it himself . "  They told me that ` The country said that you evade tax , then you evade tax . The country wo n't change the verdict , so do n't you ever think it will . There 's nothing you can do , ' " Ai said . The artist was detained in April on grounds of tax evasion . However , his family and human rights advocates believe that the real reason for his imprisonment is his criticism of the Chinese government . Ai was released on bail in June for his good attitude and medical concerns , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Local authorities held a closed hearing in July on the tax evasion allegations despite demands for an open hearing from Ai and the company 's lawyers . According to the artist , authorities also declined their demand to publish the accounting records and other evidence that lead to the tax evasion charge . Ai told CNN he was initially detained and imprisoned on charges of "  subversion of state power , " but upon his release the charge was changed to tax evasion . "  This is against judicial law , and is unethical . How can a country use this way to try to silence dissidents ? " he asked . Ai said he 'll consult with the lawyers on the next step , but so far there is no clear plan for him regarding how to pay the tax or if he is going to appeal . "  The verdict is not reasonable , but we have to obey , " Ai said . "  If the government is not reasonable , no one can resist it . " "  China always uses tax issues to cover up political issues . If the government keeps taking revenge on its dissidents with the law , it will only lead the country to its opposite side , " Ai said .	The artist created the "  Bird 's Nest " stadium for the Olympics Ai says the tax charges are "  retaliation " for his views He 's not sure if he will appeal the order
CNN  -- On the eve of President Obama 's speech laying out his strategy to combat the terror group ISIS , national security hawks are demanding the United States authorize airstrikes against the group 's leaders . "  We need to be targeting the top ISIS military and strategic leadership , " said Danielle Pletka at the American Enterprise Institute . "  Our policy up 'til now has n't been good enough . It 's a day late and a dollar short , and that 's why ISIS is a threat to the United States . " So far , U.S. airstrikes have focused on ISIS field positions in Iraq , following three limited goals outlined by the President : to protect Americans , help Iraqi forces and prevent a humanitarian disaster . But top leaders have not been singled out , according to Pentagon spokesman Col. Steven Warren . "  We have not conducted any targeted airstrikes on specific ISIL leaders , " he said , using the administration 's acronym for ISIS , which calls itself the "  Islamic State " . Still , when asked why the United States is not trying to kill the group 's top leaders , White House spokesman Josh Earnest did not rule out such a strategy in the future . "  I would anticipate that as our intelligence improves , and crystallizes , that our military capabilities will expand accordingly , " Earnest said Tuesday . Moreover , he said , thanks to the formation of a new Iraqi government , the President believes "  we are ready to enter the next , more offensive phase , in this strategy . " The President 's former national security adviser , retired Gen. James L. Jones , said he would be very surprised if the President did not instruct the military to target the head of ISIS at some point . "  When the President gives the word , it will be a formidable capability that we launch against this organization , and perhaps against him . " A brief history of fighting terror Analysts said the first challenge would be to locate elusive ISIS leaders like Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . "  The trouble is , they do n't have good human intelligence networks in Syria right now , " said Paul Cruickshank , author of a new book about a mole who infiltrated al Qaeda . Trying to penetrate a group as ruthless as ISIS with a secret agent would not only be extraordinarily difficult , he said , but also highly dangerous . Former CIA operative Robert Baer said he believes ISIS militants are shrewdly avoiding electronic intercepts . "  I 'm quite certain that ISIS is staying off the phone , and nobody around Baghdadi , for instance , would have a cell phone , for instance , or any kind of communications , " he said . And the failure of the recent U.S. attempt to rescue American hostages with a team of commandos , he said , showed that "  our information is old , and secondhand . " 5 questions Obama must answer about ISIS strategy But a U.S. intelligence official pointed out that over time , the United States has killed top extremist leaders , from Osama bin Laden in Pakistan to Anwar al Awlaki in Yemen to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq . "  The intelligence community has a proven track record finding , fixing and finishing elusive leaders of terrorist groups , " the official said . "  It is a real cat and mouse game , and in this case the cat is an experienced hunter . " Even if al-Baghdadi were killed , another militant could easily take his place , in the same way that al-Baghdadi himself rose to the top position after both his predecessors were killed . Obama to Congress : No vote needed on ISIS strategy But Patrick Johnston with the RAND Corp. , who studied dozens of past cases where extremist groups were decapitated , found that killing a group 's leaders can increase the odds of defeating it by 25 % to 30 % . "  Removing these individuals can help to degrade the organization in ways that make it harder for them to operate , " he said , by depriving the group of its leader 's charisma , operational skills , personal contacts and even fundraising . CNN 's Michelle Kosinski and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	As President 's ISIS speech nears , hawks say policy has n't been good enough so far White House spokesman says ISIS leaders may become targets Analysts say the first challenge would be to locate elusive ISIS leaders
CNN  -- Cuban authorities detained dissident blogger Yoani Sanchez along with two others as she traveled to cover the trial of a Spanish politician accused of killing a prominent dissident , a human rights activist told CNN on Friday . A family member of the well-known blogger said that Sanchez , her husband , Reinaldo Escobar , and another blogger , Agustin Diaz , were arrested in the eastern Cuban city of Bayamo on Thursday , activist and dissident Elizardo Sanchez told CNN en Espa  ol . Yoani Sanchez and her two companions were destined for Bayamo , where the trial of Spanish politician Angel Carromero was scheduled to begin Friday . She was covering the trial for Spain 's leading newspaper , El Pais , which also reported on its website that she had been detained . Spanish politician charged in dissident 's death But Sanchez never arrived at her destination , and her cell phone was disconnected , Elizardo Sanchez said . CNN has not independently confirmed the arrests . Cuban officials declined to comment on reports of her arrest . A pro-government blogger known as Yohandry Fontana , who is considered a counterbalance to Yoani Sanchez , said that Sanchez intended to put on a "  media show " in Bayamo and disrupt Carromero 's trial . The U.S. State Department called the arrest the "  latest crackdown " on journalists . "  We are deeply disturbed by the Cuban government 's repeated use of arbitrary detention to silence critics , disrupt peaceful assembly , and impede independent journalism , " State Department spokesman William Ostick said . Carromero is facing a vehicular homicide charge for a car crash that killed prominent Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya . He could be sentenced to up to 10 years in prison if found guilty . He is accused of speeding and then losing control of a car that he , Paya , Swedish politician Jans Aron Modig and Cuban dissident Harold Cepero were traveling in . Paya and Cepero were killed when the car struck a tree near Las Gavinas , Cuba , in July . After Paya 's death , his family immediately accused Cuban authorities of foul play and said they had received information that another vehicle had forced the car Paya was in off the road . The Cuban government has denied any involvement in Paya 's death . El Pais said that it had lost contact with Yoani Sanchez and that a Cuban photographer , Orlando Luis Pardo , said he had spoken with her son , who had received a call from her confirming her detention . Sanchez gained international attention for her blog "  Generation Y , " which gets about 1 million hits a month . Freedom of speech is limited on the communist island nation , whose media is controlled by the government . "  The arrest of these journalists clearly indicates that the Cuban government continues its practice of punishing independent reporting , " said Carlos Lauria , senior Americas program coordinator at the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  Cuban authorities must immediately and unconditionally release Sanchez , Escobar and Daz and allow all Cuban reporters to report without fear of intimidation . " In 2008 , Time magazine named Sanchez one of the world 's 100 most influential people . CNN 's Carlos Montero contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States is "  deeply disturbed " by reports of the arrest Yoani Sanchez was headed to Bayamo , Cuba , to cover a trial Activists and the newspaper who hired her say she was arrested A Spanish politician is on trial for vehicular homicide for a wreck that killed two
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- A roadside bombing in Somalia 's capital killed 21 women who were cleaning rubbish from a southern Mogadishu street on Sunday morning , a hospital official said . Mogadishu residents gather around victims of the bomb attack along the city 's Maka Al Mukarama Road . The bomb blast wounded another 46 people , most of them Somali women who had gathered to clean Maka Al Mukarama Road in southern Mogadishu 's Kilometer 4 district , according to Medina Hospital director Dr. Dahir Dhere . "  It suddenly turned the area into a carnage , scattering body parts of the street cleaners into a large area , " said witness Asha Ise Gedi . "  There were pools of blood everywhere . I have never seen such mass killing . " "  They were innocent poor mothers or sisters , " Gedi said . "  Why did they deserve this ? " It is unclear who is behind the attack . Mogadishu Mayor Mohamed Omar Habeb Mohamed Dhere , who was recently fired by the country 's prime minister , blamed the Islamic Courts Union for waging the attack . But the head of the Islamist insurgent group , Abid Rahim Ise Adow , denied any involvement and blamed Somalia 's government for orchestrating the attack . The victims were participating in a program that allows Somali women to work as street cleaners in exchange for food . The United Nations ' World Food Program organized the program , which began last year and is administered by Mogadishu 's regional authority . Mogadishu has been the site of violence in recent months between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters . Somalia 's current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital , with the help of the better-equipped Ethiopian forces . On Saturday , two-thirds of the Somali government ministers announced their resignations , blaming Prime Minister Nur Hassan Nur Ade 's "  dictatorship , " which they said included his firing of Mogadishu 's mayor . Nur Ade said he suspects the mass resignations were aimed at weakening implementation of the peace agreement between Somalia 's transitional government and the opposition Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . He said he had no plans to resign . The peace agreement , signed June 9 in Djibouti , calls for a cease-fire between Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government and the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia , an opposition group that includes members of the Islamist Court Union which overthrew the government in 2006 . The ICU was ousted from power later that year by Ethiopian forces , with the support of Somalia 's transitional government . If followed , the peace deal would pave the way for a withdrawal of Ethiopian troops -- a major sticking point for Islamist fighters who oppose their presence . The agreement calls on the alliance to dissociate itself from armed groups still fighting the government and for all sides to allow "  unhindered humanitarian access and assistance " to all Somalis . A joint committee led by U.N. officials will monitor the agreement 's implementation . Ethiopian forces became embroiled in an Islamist insurgency after the Ethiopian forces invaded Somalia in December 2006 to overthrow the ICU leaders and reinstall the transitional government . As guerrilla attacks mounted , efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered . Ethiopia 's invasion had the blessing of Somalia 's government and the United States , which accused the ICU of harboring fugitives from the al Qaeda terrorist movement . The conflict displaced hundreds of thousands of Somalis , further worsening a humanitarian crisis that dates back to the collapse of the country 's last government in 1991 . The situation has been exacerbated by drought , continual armed conflicts in central and southern Somalia , and high inflation on food and fuel prices . CNN 's Alan Duke and journalists Mohamed Amin Adow and Abdi Nasir Mohamed contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor blames Islamist fighters for blast ; Islamist fighters blame government NEW : Women part of U.N. program in which they cleaned streets for food Mogadishu the site of violence between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters 11 ministers resign Saturday , prime minister has refused to step down
CNN  -- Local and state authorities in Northampton , Massachusetts , are investigating nine suspicious fires that have killed two people and left residents shaken , officials said Sunday . In just over an hour early Sunday , five structures -- including a single-family residence -- burned , in addition to "  numerous cars , " District Attorney Betsy Scheibel told a news conference that included fire and police officials and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . The fires were reported between 2 a.m. and 3:15 a.m. , Scheibel 's office said . Two people were found dead on the first floor of a residence , Scheibel said . Identities of the victims are being withheld pending autopsy results . "  We know this community is deeply shaken by this series of suspicious fires , " Patrick said . "  I want the public to know that every resource at the local -LSB- and -RSB- at the state level is being applied to deal with this to bring comfort and safety to the community " and to find the individual or individuals responsible . A joint task force of local , state and federal fire officials has been formed to investigate the circumstances under which the fires started , Scheibel said . All of the blazes have been extinguished .	Officials in Northampton , Massachusetts , say 9 fires have killed 2 people 5 structures , "  numerous cars " burned early Sunday , district attorney says Fires reported between 2 and 3:15 a.m. , DA says Task force of local , state , federal fire officials investigating
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Hundreds of Hamas supporters took to the streets of Gaza on Saturday , protesting against Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and accusing him of giving up a key demand from Israel : a so-called "  right of return . " Abbas , however , said he did no such thing . And a Palestinian official accused Hamas of trying to undermine Palestinian Authority efforts at the United Nations Abbas leads the Palestinian Fatah movement based in the West Bank , which has battled Hamas for power . Over the weekend , in an interview with Israel 's Channel 2 , Abbas spoke about being originally from the town of Safed in northern Israel . He said he would want to go back to visit , but not to live . "  I want to see Safed . It 's my right to see it , but not to live there , " he said . "  Palestine now for me is '67 borders with east Jerusalem as its capital , " he added , referring to the borders that existed before the 1967 war . "  I believe that West Bank and Gaza is Palestine , and the other parts is Israel . " Many Palestinian officials have generally argued that Palestinians should have a right to return to their ancestral homes in what is now Israel . Hamas leader Salah al-Bardawil , speaking at one of two Hamas rallies Saturday in Gaza , said Abbas "  must apologize to the Palestinian people " for his remarks . Protesters trampled on posters of Abbas , saying he had abandoned the demand for a right of return . But Abbas insisted that he was only speaking for himself . Palestinian state-run news agency WAFA carried a quote from an Abbas spokesman saying that whoever "  accepts a temporary state is the one who gives up the right to return . " That idea has long been suggested : that Palestinians who would choose to live in an independent Palestinian state would give up demanding a right of return . Saeb Erakat , a member of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , told CNN , "  Hamas taking to the streets and doing all of this is an attempt to undermine the PLO and our attempt to go to the U.N. , " where the Palestinian government plans to push for Palestine to become a nonmember state based on 1967 borders . Erakat said Hamas was "  sabotaging " those efforts . The Palestinian Authority is made up of PLO committees . "  We are not going there to confront the Americans or to isolate Israel , " Erakat said of his government 's U.N. plans . "  We are going there to support and facilitate the two state solutions and to sustain the two state solution . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday said he had seen the televised interview with Abbas , and heard that he "  has already gone back on what he said . But this only proves how important it is to get into direct negotiations without any preconditions . Only direct negotiations will allow us to clarify what the true positions are . " Netanyahu added that if Abbas "  is indeed serious and intends to push the peace process forward , as far as I am concerned , we can sit together immediately . Jerusalem and Ramallah are seven minutes apart . I am prepared to start the talks today . " He called on Abbas "  to return immediately to the negotiating table without conditions . " CNN 's Kareen Khadder , Talal Abu Rahma , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : A PLO official accuses Hamas of sabotaging efforts for U.N. status as a non-member state Hamas protesters say President Abbas abandoned a demand for a "  right of return " Abbas says he did not , and that he was only speaking for himself Israeli PM Netanyahu says if Abbas is serious , peace talks could start today
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Police arrested rapper-producer Kanye West on Thursday morning at Los Angeles International Airport on felony vandalism charges after an altercation with two paparazzi , airport police said . Kanye West attends a fashion show in New York City on Monday . The incident near the airport 's Terminal 4 involved the rap star ; his road manager and bodyguard , Don Crowley ; and a photographer and a cameraman who were taking their photos , airport police said . The cameras of the paparazzi were damaged in the altercation , police said . West , 31 , and Crowley were both arrested on charges of felony vandalism . Initial police reports that said Crowley also had been charged with battery were incorrect , police said . West was released later Thursday after posting $ 20,000 bond , according to Los Angeles police Officer Julianne Sohn . West , a 10-time Grammy winner , and Crowley were in the airport to catch a flight to Honolulu , Hawaii , police said . The pair were outside passenger security screening when the incident took place . Both men were taken to a Los Angeles police station for booking , airport police said . Neither of the paparazzi were identified . CNN could not immediately reach West 's publicist for comment . Celebrity Web site TMZ reported that the rap star is said to have grabbed a photographer 's camera as the photographer was snapping pictures of West . The site posted a video of the incident shot by one of its reporters , who was also in the terminal . The video was short and chaotic , and the man whom TMZ identifies as West never shows his face , which is shrouded in the hood of a gray sweatshirt . Watch video of the scuffle " According to the Web site , after West grabbed the camera from the photographer , Crowley took it from him , leaving the rap star with the lighting component . The video shows the man in the gray sweatshirt and another man in a red sweatshirt , whom TMZ identifies as Crowley , each smashing parts of a camera on the floor . The man in red then approaches another camera as it is filming . He reaches out for the camera , and it appears that a struggle ensues . As airport officials arrive , the man walks off . TMZ reported that after the incident with the first photographer , Crowley grabbed the TMZ reporter 's camera and broke it . Police stopped West and Crowley as they tried to leave to go through security to board a plane , the Web site said . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . West quickly became a hip-hop star after his first album , "  College Dropout , " debuted in 2004 , earning him a Best Rap Album Grammy that year . He twice matched that feat with 2005 's "  Late Registration " and 2007 's "  Graduation . " West also has won three Best Rap Song Grammys for his hits "  Jesus Walks , " "  Diamonds from Sierra Leone " and "  Good Life . " His other four Grammy 's were two Best Rap Solo Performance awards , one for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group and one for Best R&B Song for his role in helping write "  You Do n't Know My Name , " performed by Alicia Keys . The rapper is also known for controversial outbursts , most notably in 2005 , when he went off script during an NBC telethon for victims of Hurricane Katrina , saying , "  George Bush does n't care about black people . "	NEW : West released on $ 20,000 bond , police say Incident involved the rap star , his road manager , a photographer and a cameraman West allegedly grabbed a photographer 's camera , TMZ reports Web site posts short and chaotic video of the incident shot by one of its reporters
CNN  -- The ouster of Tunisia 's longtime ruler has cast a shadow over the surrounding region , but few analysts were willing to predict Tuesday that the revolt would spread to other countries . Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was Tunisia 's president for 23 years before Friday , when weeks of protests forced him into exile in Saudi Arabia . Tunisians complained that the president 's family and supporters had grown rich while their living conditions stagnated and their voices were stifled . But while the governments of nearby nations like Algeria , Libya and Egypt face similar criticism , the level of repression and the concentration of power and corruption were far more extreme in Tunisia , said Nathan Brown , a professor of Middle Eastern politics at George Washington University in Washington . "  I think most regimes in the region are viewed with a mix of disdain and resignation by their population , " Brown said . Few may support their government , but "  It 's not as if there 's much that can be done about it , " he said . Neighboring Algeria was also wracked by rioting last week , triggered by the spiraling costs of basic food items after its government slashed price supports for staples like milk , oil and sugar . State-run media reported at least three people had died in the clashes . Libya 's longtime strongman , Moammar Gadhafi , mourned Ben Ali 's ouster and warned in a nationally televised speech that Tunisia was facing "  unjustified chaos . " And in Egypt , at least two people have set themselves afire in public this week -- the same type of protest that triggered Tunisia 's demonstrations in December . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , one of the top U.S. allies in the region , has ruled his country since 1981 . Tuesday , the Egyptian Foreign Ministry tried to tamp down speculation that his government faced anything like the uprising that forced Ben Ali from power . "  What happened in Tunisia can not easily be repeated in any other country , " Housam Zaki , a foreign ministry spokesman , said Tuesday . "  Every nation has its specific circumstances and every nation has its political , economic and social situation . It is very hard to compare between the situation which existed in Tunisia and led to the latest reaction by the people there  to  any other country , Arab or not . " And though other North African states are dominated by authoritarian governments and plagued by poverty and corruption , a Tunisia-style uprising "  would play out much differently " elsewhere , Brown said . The well-entrenched police state established under Ben Ali left Tunisia with few alternatives to his ruling Constitutional Democratic Rally , he said . "  In other countries , there are much more well-organized political forces that would step in , " he said . But John Entellis , an analyst at Fordham University in New York , warned that discontent is "  bubbling over continuously " in the region . The United States , meanwhile , counts many of those governments as partners in its battle against al Qaeda and its allies . "  It 's not in our interest to try to keep this lid down artificially , because ultimately the explosion will be even worse later on than it would be in the short term , " Entellis said . Leaked U.S. diplomatic cables released since November by the website WikiLeaks painted a scathing view of Tunisia 's now-ousted leader and his associates . One described Ben Ali 's extended family as a "  quasi-mafia " that pushed for a taste of any venture they saw . Their assessments of some other countries in the region are less critical , but still jaundiced . Algeria 's government "  is fragile in ways it has not been before , plagued by a lack of vision , unprecedented levels of corruption and rumblings of division within the military rank and file , " a December 2007 cable from the U.S. Embassy in Algiers states . The country 's weak economy "  has Algerians , especially youth , feeling gloomy and grim about the fate of their country as it drifts into the new year . " "  We do not sense an explosion coming right away . Instead , we see a government drifting and groping for a way forward , " the cable states . In Libya , meanwhile , Gadhafi -- a military officer who seized power in 1969 -- has promised sweeping economic and political reforms since 2006 . But international observers say that push has stalled despite the elevation of his son , Saif al-Islam -- once a leading reform advocate -- to a top position in the government , and the Gadhafi family has "  strong interests " in Libya 's oil and gas sector and numerous other interests in the country , according to a 2006 cable disclosed by WikiLeaks . But unlike Ben Ali 's family , the Gadhafis avoid extravagant displays of wealth at home , the U.S. cable described . "  Compared to egregious pillaging of state coffers elsewhere in Africa , or the lavish spending of Gulf Arabs , the Libyans do n't see much to complain about in their leader 's lifestyle , as long as he does a good job of making sure other people get a piece of the pie , " the cable states . "  And when Libyans do complain , they are removed from access to financial rewards . " Brown said the events in Tunisia are unlikely to yield a rerun of 1989 , when Communist regimes across Eastern Europe imploded before a string of popular uprisings . "  I would say we 're dealing with 1975 , " he said . "  We 've got kind of tired regimes that have just lost their ideological sense of direction , they 've lost popular support -- but they 're just there , and they do n't look like they 're going anywhere . "	Governments of nearby nations face similar criticism But the level of repression and corruption was more extreme in Tunisia , expert says An Egyptian spokesman says power shift in Tunisia "  can not easily be repeated " Discontent in region "  is bubbling over continuously , " a U.S. analyst says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Sen. Charles Schumer said Sunday the Bush administration is trying to "  blame the fire on the person who calls 911 " by suggesting he had a role in one of the costliest U.S. bank failures . Sen. Charles Schumer said the OTS "  ought to stop pointing false fingers of blame . " Federal regulators with the Office of Thrift Supervision were "  asleep at the switch " when it came to IndyMac 's "  reckless " behavior , the New York Democrat complained . The OTS announced Friday that it was taking over the $ 32 billion IndyMac and transferring control to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation . The OTS pointed the finger directly at Schumer for the failure , accusing him of sparking a bank run by releasing a letter that "  expressed concerns about IndyMac 's viability . " Watch what 's next for IndyMac " "  In the following 11 business days , depositors withdrew more than $ 1.3 billion from their accounts , " the OTS said in a statement announcing the California-based lender 's takeover on Friday . The statement included a quote from OTS Director John Reich saying , "  Although this institution was already in distress , I am troubled by any interference in the regulatory process . " Schumer , a member of the Senate Banking Committee , chairman of Congress ' Joint Economic Committee and the third-ranking Democrat in the Senate , rejected any suggestions of responsibility for IndyMac 's collapse "  OTS ought to stop pointing false fingers of blame and start doing its job to protect the future of the banking system , so that there wo n't be other IndyMacs , " he said . Schumer 's June 26 letter said he was "  concerned that IndyMac 's financial deterioration poses significant risks to both taxpayers and borrowers . " In a Sunday news conference , he said everything in his letter was already known to the public . "  IndyMac was one of the most poorly run and reckless of all the banks , " he said . "  It was a spinoff from the old Countrywide , and like Countrywide , it did all kinds of profligate activities that it never should have . Both IndyMac and Countrywide helped cause the housing crisis we 're now in . " The embattled Countrywide Financial Corp. was recently purchased by Bank of America . Schumer argued that the "  breadth and depth " of the problems at IndyMac were "  apparent for years , and they accelerated in the last six months . " But OTS , he said , "  was asleep at the switch and allowed things to happen without restraint . "  And now they are doing what the Bush administration always does : Blame the fire on the person who calls 911 . " The White House had no immediate response . Schumer said OTS is "  known as a weak regulator , " and added , "  my job was to try and toughen them up and that 's what I tried to do . " IndyMac , with assets of $ 32 billion and deposits of $ 19 billion , is the fifth bank to fail this year . Between 2005 and 2007 , only three banks failed . And in the past 15 years , the FDIC has taken over 127 banks with combined assets of $ 22 billion , according to FDIC records . IndyMac will reopen Monday with a new charter and a new name -- IndyMac Federal Bank .	FDIC taking control of the $ 32 billion IndyMac OTS accuses Sen. Charles Schumer of sparking a bank run Schumer : IndyMac "  one of the most poorly run and reckless of all the banks " Schumer rejects any suggestions of responsibility for IndyMac 's collapse
CNN  -- Talk about eerie . One of two recent UFO sightings in China occurred almost on the 63rd anniversary of news that a "  flying disc " had been found in Roswell , New Mexico . And like in 1947 , people either choose to believe or be skeptical that visitors have stopped by from outer space . Nothing has officially been ruled in or out by Chinese officials , who are looking into whether the objects were private or military aircraft , rocket flares , reflection in the sky or something else . The first sighting occurred at Hangzhou 's Xiaoshan Airport , in the eastern part of the country , according to the state-controlled Xinhua news agency . Eighteen flights were delayed or rerouted and operations shut down after twinkling lights were spotted above the terminal around 9 p.m. July 7 , the agency said . According to Xinhua , speculation has centered on a private aircraft . The state-run China Daily quoted a source saying the object had a military connection . "  No conclusion has yet been drawn , " said Wang Jian , head of air traffic control with Zhejiang branch of the Civil Aviation Administration of China , and the investigation continues . Purported photos of the unworldly object have appeared online and on YouTube . Meanwhile , The Shanghai Daily reported a UFO appeared above the city of Chongqing on Thursday . Witnesses said four "  lantern-like objects forming a diamond shape " hovered for an hour above a park . "  I stared at it and it did not move , " one resident told the newspaper . "  After hovering for an hour , the thing started to fly higher and finally out of people 's sight . " UFO sightings around the world are common , but a little rarer in China . The International UFO Museum and Research Center in Roswell , New Mexico , educates visitors , conducts research and receives sighting reports . Its website summarizes the Roswell incident , which came to light July 8 , 1947 . "  Once it became public , the event known as The Roswell Incident , the crash of an alleged flying saucer , the recovery of debris and bodies and the ensuing cover up by the military was of such magnitude and so shrouded in mystery , that 60 years later there are still more questions than answers . " The U.S. government has long contended that no aliens or spaceships were found . Mark Briscoe , library director for the museum , said the center looks for credibility whenever it records UFO reports , including a documented date , time and location . He sees many photos , and an outside researcher provides information . "  You can tell some of them are a little different . A little off , " Briscoe said of some UFO submissions . But he recently recorded 300 he found to be credible . He said one of the photos circulating about the Chinese airport could be legitimate , but he had not seen the others . The blog Forgetomori weighed in on Internet and news media images purporting to be from Xiaoshan Airport . "  All of these other photos , with the exception of a single one , are also simply long-exposure photos of aircrafts , but in this case , helicopters , " the blog says . "  Not only that , they have nothing to do with China and were published on the web long ago . " CNN 's Helena Hong and Journalist Annie Tai contributed to this article .	Two UFO sightings were recently reported in eastern China One incident shut down operations at an airport Museum in Roswell , New Mexico , gets reports of UFO sightings Web site contends purported photos of one incident are not legitimate
CNN  -- Google says it will spend $ 5 million on an effort to wipe pictures of child sexual abuse from the Web and another $ 2 million to research more effective ways to find , report and eradicate the images . "  The Internet has been a tremendous force for good -- increasing access to information , improving people 's ability to communicate and driving economic growth , " Jacqueline Fuller , the director of Google Giving , said in a blog post . "  But like the physical world , there are dark corners on the web where criminal behavior exists . " Part of the $ 5 million will go to established child-protection groups that have been partnering with Google to fight the problem . They include the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the Internet Watch Foundation . The Web giant also is creating the Child Protection Technology Fund to develop more efficient ways to fight child porn . Recently , Google has begun using "  fingerprinting " of child sex-abuse images , Fuller said . It will help law enforcement , Web companies and advocates find and remove the images , as well as prosecute the people who posted them , Google says . "  We 're in the business of making information widely available , but there 's certain ` information ' that should never be created or found , " Fuller wrote . "  We can do a lot to ensure it 's not available online -- and that when people try to share this disgusting content they are caught and prosecuted . " Since 2008 , Google has been using technology to tag images , helping the company find them anywhere else they may appear on the Web . Among other things , Google can make sure images or Web pages do not appear in search results . In 2006 , the company joined Microsoft , Aol , Time , Time Warner  CNN 's parent company  and others in a Technology Coalition , targeting child abuse on the Web , and has donated hardware and software to groups around the world fighting child sex abuse . The company , which jealously protects details on how its search algorithms and other processes work , did not immediately respond to a message seeking more details about how its new initiative will work and what additional efforts may be on the way . According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , the group 's tip line received 17.3 million images and videos of suspected child abuse in 2011 . That was four times what the group received in 2007 .	Google spending a total of $ 7 million to ramp up fight against child porn Search giant 's "  fingerprinting " helps find images , prosecute those who post them Child Protection Technology Fund will look for new tools
CNN  -- Barcelona defender Eric Abidal is to undergo surgery to replace his liver , according to a statement released on the Spanish club 's website on Thursday . "  During the next few weeks , the player will undergo a liver transplant as a result of the progress of his liver disease , " the statement said . "  A transplant was considered an option from the start of his treatment a year ago . At the express wishes of the player , the Club asks that the maximum respect for the player 's privacy be observed . " The 32-year-old Frenchman underwent surgery to remove a tumor on his liver last March , but recovered in time to appear in the Champions League final against Manchester United two months later . Barcelona club captain Carles Puyol described the news of Abibal 's impending surgery as "  a heavy blow " at a press conference Thursday . "  It was an unpleasant surprise . Eric was there with us and afterwards we spoke with him , but what we said will be staying amongst ourselves , " Puyol said , FCBarcelona.com reported . "  It 's really him who has lifted us -- he 's so strong as he showed last season and I 'm sure he 'll show that again now ... things like this bring us all closer together . " Dr Stuart Knechtle , a liver transplant specialist from Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , says Abidal has a good chance of returning to top-level football in the future . "  Assuming it all goes well , he should be able to compete . There are other examples of athletes that have competed at international level after liver transplantation , " Knechtle told CNN 's World Sport . Knechtle highlighted the cases of Chris Klug , a U.S. Olympic snowboarder who competed after his liver transplant in 2000 and former NBA star Alonzo Mourning who also returned to action after a kidney transplant in 2003 . The transplant is a highly complex procedure which will require intensive medical care , says Knechtle , but after an initial recovery period Abidal should be able to recover his strength . "  He will need to take medication twice a day for the rest of his life . He will , especially in the early period , require multiple doctor 's visits , but that should gradually taper off over time . "	Barcelona defender Eric Abidal to have surgery to replace liver in coming weeks French international had surgery to remove a tumor on his liver last March Abidal should be able to play top-level football again if surgery is successful , says U.S. transplant surgeon
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Saturday reluctantly signed a defense authorization bill , saying he was concerned about some in Congress who want to restrict options used by counterterrorism officials . "  I have signed this bill despite having serious reservations with certain provisions that regulate the detention , interrogation , and prosecution of suspected terrorists , " he said of the $ 662 billion legislation . The White House had lifted a veto threat against the bill after legislators made changes in language involving detainees . In particular , the legislators added language to make clear that nothing in the bill requiring military custody of al Qaeda suspects would interfere with the ability of civilian law enforcement to carry out terrorism investigations and interrogations in the United States . The House approved the bill on December 14 , and a 86-13 vote in the Senate the next day completed the necessary congressional action . At issue was the president 's authority in deciding whether people detained in terrorism investigations would be held in military or civilian custody . Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said the legislation includes a "  national security waiver " that allows the president to transfer a suspect from military to civilian custody if he chooses . "  I want to clarify that my administration will not authorize the indefinite military detention without trial of American citizens , " Obama said in a statement Saturday . "  Indeed , I believe that doing so would break with our most important traditions and values as a nation . " Obama said a section of the bill provides the "  executive branch " with broad authority on military custody for non-citizen detainees . The legislators also agreed on tough sanctions language for the Iranian Central Bank , aimed at punishing Iran for its nuclear program . The measure "  will put real additional pressure on the Iranians so they are going to pay a bigger and bigger price , if they continue to move towards nuclear weapons , " said Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . In addition , legislators agreed to tough new restrictions on Pakistan to ensure that country is not participating in the manufacture and transport of improvised explosive devices , or IEDs -- the hidden bombs that have caused havoc for coalition forces in Afghanistan . "  Ultimately , I decided to sign this bill not only because of the critically important services it provides for our forces and their families and the national security programs it authorizes , but also because the Congress revised provisions that otherwise would have jeopardized the safety , security , and liberty of the American people , " the president said Saturday .	Obama has concerns about flexibility of counterterrorism efforts The White House lifted a veto threat after changes in detainee language The issue involved presidential authority over military or civilian custody The $ 662 billion measure includes tough sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program
CNN  -- There was a phrase , or so we have long been told , that was heard in occupied Europe during World War II . It was often said as a whisper , the story goes . It had the sound of a prayer . The words were so simple , but to people who were feeling utterly abandoned and who needed help , those words meant so much . Four words : "  The Americans are coming . " Sometimes we forget about the power of those words , and about how , for so long , they defined the real meaning of what this country , at its best , could be . Sometimes , in the midst of all the bad news , in the midst of the mistakes this country inevitably makes , we lose sight of how much the people of the United States are counted on by those in need . Which is why the humanitarian efforts in Haiti this month , in the wake of the earthquake , have been a reminder of who we are when we strive to find our finest selves . The relief efforts have been an international undertaking ; the heartache on the streets of Haiti has summoned compassionate and heroic assistance from around the globe , all of it deserving of praise and gratitude . But the United States has been at the forefront , as it has so often seemed to be in so many places when hope was in short supply . It is almost beyond imagining to think what has been in the terrified minds of the citizens of Haiti who have been without water , without food , without a way to rescue their trapped and dying children . When there is nothing left to depend on , when all is desolation and despair , what must the hungry and the hurt wish for as they look into the empty distance ? Someone to care . Someone to travel many miles , with the will and the means to heal . The slowness with which medical supplies and water and heavy equipment have reached the people of Haiti has been thoroughly reported . Some of the results of the relief effort have been troubling , beset by bottlenecks and breakdowns under arduous conditions . But this is not about the frustrations in getting the job done . It is about the American impulse to help . There is nothing particularly controversial , these days , about pointing out the failings of the United States . You can say just about any derogatory thing about the U.S. , and it 's not especially shocking . We 're used to hearing it . Already , as the tragedy in Haiti continues to unfold , there have been pockets of harsh criticism of America 's efforts to help . French Cooperation Minister Alain Joyandet alluded to the United States "  occupying " Haiti instead of assisting it . It is not the first time the United States has been chastised , and it will not be the last . The history of the U.S. involvement in Haiti has not always been a happy or unsullied one . But perhaps we can take just a moment to think about the honor that is inherent in being the ones who , at junctures like this one , are counted on -- the ones who show up , every time . During World War II , those four words -- "  The Americans are coming " -- referred to the armed forces who had traveled across the ocean to liberate the people the Nazis had enslaved . In times of natural disaster , the context is different . In Haiti the words refer to the 82nd Airborne , yes , but they also refer to the American doctors who are volunteering their time and risking their own safety to soothe the pain of people they had never before met . The words refer to the American volunteers assisting at Haitian orphanages , not giving up on the children who have no families to comfort them . The words refer to the American search-and-rescue teams who work past the point of exhaustion as they seek signs of the living among the rubble , and they refer to the Americans back home who , during difficult economic times in the U.S. , have donated their money to help people who , for now , have no way to say thank you . The focus of the news will shift soon enough -- that shift has already started . There will be other crises , other major stories . We , as a country and as individuals , will continue to be imperfect . There will be political squabbles and high-decibel partisan fights . We will at times focus on the trivial and the coarse . At such times , we might do well to pause and recall the sound of those four words . And to let the words remind us that , when we set our souls to it , we still can aspire to be the hope of the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Haiti aid operation continues tradition of U.S. helping around the world , says Bob Greene He says there were criticisms of the speed of the aid Greene says that the response shows that Americans are eager to contribute and to help He says Americans can still aspire to be the hope of the world
CNN  -- Hazardous materials teams are still cleaning up a toxic chemical spill from a train derailment in Lafayette , Louisiana , on Saturday that forced 3,000 people from their homes . Lafayette Police Sgt. Billy Soileau carries Ke'Iveion Solomon 2 , as he helps evacuate children Saturday . "  Hazmat says that clean up is moving quickly and on track , " Lafayette police said Sunday in a statement . Two train cars leaked highly corrosive hydrochloric acid after the six-car train jumped the tracks Saturday about 2:30 a.m. CT  3:30 a.m. ET  , according to police . The chemical spill caused a toxic cloud to form above the site . Lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesses -- including a nursing home -- within a mile of the derailment location . Watch traffic detoured from cloud " The Red Cross opened a shelter at Carencro High School for residents to stay Saturday night , while another 40 to 50 families were put up at hotel rooms , police said . Residents will be allowed to return home once the spill is contained and no longer dangerous , said Joe Faust , a spokesman for BNSF Railway , which operates the train cars . Hydrochloric acid is a clear , colorless solution of hydrogen chloride in water often used in metal cleaning and electroplating . Exposure to it can irritate the skin , said Lt. Craig Stansbury of the Lafayette Parish Sheriff 's Office . People exposed to the substance are urged to seek medical attention . Residents outside the evacuation area were advised to close windows and doors and turn off air conditioning to avoid any contamination . Lafayette is about three hours west of New Orleans .	Train cars leaked corrosive hydrochloric acid after a Saturday derailment Chemical spill caused a toxic cloud to form above Lafayette site Exposure to the chemical can irritate skin Lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesses
CNN  -- When Pope Francis gave his now-famous , 80-minute interview on the plane back to Rome from Brazil , he was asked , not surprisingly , about the role of women in the Roman Catholic Church . He said that John Paul II had "  closed the door " to the possibility of women priests , but he affirmed that the church lacked "  a deep theology of women . " His comments conveyed a deep respect for women . Whatever Francis ' own virtues , however , the church will continue to be accused of sexual discrimination , especially by many Americans and Europeans , as long as it denies the priesthood to women . No matter what efforts Pope Francis makes with respect to women , if he refuses to move the ordination question forward , many , including Catholics , will consider his efforts toward women as insufficient or even hypocritical . That John Paul II "  closed the door " to women 's ordination is undoubtedly true , but the door may not be closed for all time . After John Paul II 's pronouncement against the ordination of women , the Catholic Theological Society of America , the country 's leading professional society of Roman Catholic theologians , at its June 1997 meeting , endorsed a resolution indicating that there are "  serious doubts regarding the nature of the authority of the teaching " that the church lacks the authority to ordain women to the priesthood and that the all-male priesthood is a truth that has been infallibly taught and that the faithful must accept . What we learned about Pope Francis in Brazil The resolution continued that "  there is serious , widespread disagreement on this question not only among theologians , but also within the larger community of the Church , " and recommended it be given further "  study , discussion and prayer . " But the ordination of women is not the most pressing question for most Catholics or even for most Catholic women . Women also experience discrimination and exclusion in the secular sphere in the United States and Europe , but their exclusion and discrimination in the developing world are far greater . Throughout the world , women and their children make up the greatest percentage of human beings living in destitution . Their main concern is not women priests but food , health , education and physical safety . Francis ' genuine concern for the real lives of the poor and suffering warmly embraces women . Pope Francis is charting new territory . I do n't know how Pope Gregory the Great acted out his self-understanding of the pope as the "  servant of the servants of God " -- the humble designation he first used -- in the sixth century , but clearly Francis sees himself as a leader who is committed to serving . Many commentators have pointed out his letting go of the material trappings of hierarchy and exclusion , from Prada shoes to papal apartments , and they have commented favorably on his compassion for the poor , his desire to lead all the faithful to a discipleship of service . Francis clearly sees himself as a disciple , and wishes to set an example like that of his namesake , from Assisi , who said , "  Preach the Gospel , using words when necessary . " Opinion : What do pope 's remarks on gays mean ? Will Pope Francis advance the conversation regarding the ordination of women ? I suspect he will not . But I think his behavior toward all , from the most powerful to the least , but acting very explicitly without judgment and with love and compassion on behalf of the least -- most of whom are women -- will "  open the door " to future conversation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alice L. Laffey .	Alice L. Laffey : Pope Francis says Catholic Church needs "  deep theology of women " But she says many will accuse church of discrimination as long as it denies women priesthood She says jury still out : By some theological readings , women not precluded from priesthood Laffey : His warm stance toward women in church bodes well for taking on issues of poverty
CNN  -- World soccer 's governing body FIFA have confirmed that vice president Jack Warner has resigned from his position within the organization . Last month Trinidadian Warner , along with fellow-FIFA member Mohammed bin Hammam , were provisionally suspended by FIFA 's Ethics Committee , pending the outcome of an investigation of corruption allegations against them . But , following 68-year-old Warner 's resignation , that investigation will now not take place . A FIFA statement read : "  His resignation has been accepted and his contribution to international football and to Caribbean football in particular are appreciated and acknowledged . "  Mr Warner is leaving FIFA by his own volition after nearly 30 years of service , having chosen to focus on his important work on behalf of the people and government of Trinidad & Tobago as a cabinet minister and as the chairman of the United National Congress , the major party in his country 's coalition government . "  The FIFA Executive Committee , the FIFA president and the FIFA management thank Mr Warner for his services to Caribbean and international football over his many years devoted to football at both regional and international level , and wish him well for the future . "  As a consequence of Mr Warner 's self-determined resignation , all Ethics Committee procedures against him have been closed and the presumption of innocence is maintained , " the statement continued . Warner , the head of the Caribbean , North and Central American Federation  CONCACAF  , and Asian football chief bin Hammam , were suspended after allegations that cash gifts of $ 40,000 were offered to the heads of CONCACAF 's national associations in an attempt to defeat FIFA supremo Sepp Blatter in the presidential election earlier this month . Chuck Blazer , general secretary of CONCACAF , reported possible misdeeds during the May 10 and 11 conference in Trinidad . Blatter was subsequently elected unopposed for a fourth term as president and Warner and bin Hammam were suspended while an investigation into the claims continued .	Jack Warner has resigned from his position as FIFA vice president Warner was suspended last month following allegations made against him A FIFA probe into corruption claims will not now take place after his resignation
