CNN Student News  -- May 21 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Washington , D.C. • London , United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We know that Fridays are awesome , but you know what today 's show could use ? A mascot ! And we 've got one coming up for you in about eight minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Gulf Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , top kill . It sounds like something pretty bad . Officials are hoping it 'll do something good , though : stop the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico . The top kill -- it 's also called a "  dynamic kill " -- is something we mentioned earlier this week . You basically clog up the well with a special kind of mud . BP , the company that owns the well , has been trying a bunch of ways to deal with this leak . One strategy is using dispersants , chemicals that help break up the oil . The Environmental Protection Agency is worried about the specific kind of chemical that 's being used . It 's ordered BP to start using a different dispersant in the next couple days . The Minerals Management Service is part of the U.S. Interior Department . It 's in charge of regulating offshore oil drilling . It 's gotten some criticism lately for being too close to the industry it 's supposed to oversee . There 've been accusations of improper gifts or improper behavior . Ken Salazar is the secretary of the interior . He 's in charge of the Interior Department . He says he 's working to clean up the Minerals Management Service , and he 's keeping an eye on the different strategies to clean up this oil spill . KEN SALAZAR , SECRETARY OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR : If something does n't work , you need to immediately fall back to other alternatives . We , every day , are on top of BP , relative to the different work streams that they have going on . This particular work stream that they call the dynamic kill is something that should come , according to their schedule , in play on Sunday . That will be an effort to essentially kill the well through the insertion of mud . We 're doing everything we can to hold BP accountable , and we will hold them accountable on behalf of the American people . Blog Report AZUZ : You 've been talking about what you think the worst part of the oil spill is ; most of you have discussed its impact on marine life . Listen to what Keenan says : "  The thing that will be affected most is the fishing industry . If oil spilled near my town , it would ruin the economy because about 90 percent of it is fishing . " From Tara : "  Our seafood will become more expensive , and I 'm not ready to cut back on my favorite food just yet . " Brian says "  this spill is becoming eerily similar to the Exxon Valdez spill back in 1989 . Once we get this cleaned up , " he says , "  we 're gon na be reluctant to build another oil rig . " Aaron thinks "  we should get neighboring countries to try to help us in such a bad ecological crisis . " Carley notes that "  ocean life is the base of the food chain ; when we pollute the oceans , we are affecting ourselves too . " And Jonathan says "  it 's obvious the fishing industry is taking a hit . The disaster will damage hundreds of years worth of marine life and the ecosystem . " Economy Check AZUZ : We have a quick look at some economic headlines for you now , starting with a drop in the Dow . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 376 points yesterday . Not good news ; the Dow indicates how the whole stock market is doing . Some experts argue that the debt crisis that 's happening over in Europe is making investors nervous , and that 's causing some of the declines in the U.S. market . Next up , jobless claims . We 're talking about the number of people who are filing for unemployment for the first time . The number went up last week for the first time in a month . And finally , a Wall Street reform bill is moving forward in the U.S. Senate . Yesterday , they voted 60 to 40 to end debate and have a final vote on the bill . That could happen within days . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The Yellow Sea is off the coast of the Iberian Peninsula . Not legit . Actually , it 's next to the Korean Peninsula . The Iberian Peninsula is in Europe . Korean Tensions AZUZ : It 's the Korean Peninsula that 's getting a lot of attention right now because of something that happened in the Yellow Sea back in March . A mysterious explosion tore a South Korean warship in half . The ship sank . 46 sailors were killed . It was near part of the Yellow Sea that both North and South Korea say belongs to them . Several countries -- including South Korea and the U.S. -- investigated the incident . The results point the finger at North Korea , that a North Korean submarine launched a torpedo that sank the South Korean ship . The North denied the accusation . The South vowed to respond . Here 's why all of this is important . The U.S. has an agreement with South Korea to defend it against any aggression . So , if a military conflict breaks out , the U.S. will have to get involved . The tension on the Korean Peninsula goes back decades . The Korean War , fought from 1950 to 1953 , killed millions of people on both sides . When it ended , the Demilitarized Zone -- or DMZ -- was established as a kind of barrier between the two countries . Eunice Yoon takes us there now . BEGIN VIDEO EUNICE YOON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're on Freedom Highway driving towards the Demilitarized Zone . It splits the North from South Korea , and it 's been described once by former President Bill Clinton as the scariest place on earth . After the Korean War , a line was drawn at the 38th parallel , two-and-a-half miles wide , cutting 155 miles across . The DMZ was set up as part of a truce in 1953 , but no peace treaty was ever finalized . So , the two Koreas are technically still at war . Here , the Cold War lives . This is the joint security area in the truce village of Panmunjom . This is a very highly controlled part of the DMZ , and only certain soldiers and military officers are allowed here . This is one of the conference rooms where the United Nations command led by the Americans would meet with the North Koreans , and they would discuss all matters regarding the border and the armistice . These mikes record everything in this room , and they also happen to be right on the demarcation line . So , if I cross over here , I 'm in North Korea . There are reminders of the hostilities . This is the Bridge of No Return . Over there is the North Korean side of the demarcation line . And the prisoners of war , after the Korean War , were brought here and told to choose a side . Once you cross this bridge , you could never go back . This is the only place where you 're going to see South and North Korean soldiers staring each other down . The South Korean soldiers are chosen for their stature , so they look more intimidating . They also are highly trained in martial arts , hence the Tae Kwon Do stance . What 's so surreal about this place is that it 's become a tourist attraction for both sides . We were just with a tour of U.S. war veterans , and over here , the North Koreans are holding their own tour . And 60 years on , we 're still waiting for peace . END VIDEO Address to Congress AZUZ : Mexican President Felipe Calderon wrapped up his trip to the U.S. with a speech to a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress . On Wednesday , he and President Obama talked about some of the issues that affect both of their countries . President Calderon brought up those same concerns in his speech yesterday . He pointed out the benefits of working together . MEXICAN PRESIDENT FELIPE CALDERON : Mexico and the United States are stronger together than they are apart . Together , we can renew our partnership to restore stronger and faster economic growth on both sides of the border . A stronger Mexico means a stronger United States . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Bisom 's intervention class at Fourth Avenue Junior High in Yuma , Arizona ! In what city would you find Piccadilly Circus , Trafalgar Square and part of the River Thames ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  London , B  Athens , C  Moscow or D  Vancouver ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! London , the capital of the United Kingdom , is home to all of these famous landmarks . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! London Mascot Unveiled AZUZ : London is also home to ... these . They 're the mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . We promised you a mascot ; we never said it 'd be recognizable . London is hosting the 2012 Olympics , and it unveiled the face of the games this week : Wenlock -- that 's the thing on the left -- and Mandeville . The designer that came up with these guys says they were inspired by the steel that was used to build London 's Olympic stadium . He designed them specifically for kids , and says he hopes that the mascots will help connect young people with sports and the legacy of the Olympics . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go , you 've heard of the leaning tower of Pisa ? This is the leaning press box of Giants Stadium . That 's leaning pretty far . Do n't worry about it ; it 's not a disaster . It 's a demolition ! The stadium 's being torn down , or pulled down , in this case . The Giants and Jets are moving into a new home next door , and the old stadium 's spot is being turned into a parking lot . Goodbye AZUZ : So , you 've got demolition , you 've got a parking lot . Sounds like it requires car-ful planning . You guys keep standing tall ; the weekend 's just hours away . We 'll see you on the other side of it . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Find out why officials are hoping for good things from special ` mud '
CNN Student News  -- May 21 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Washington , D.C. • London , United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We know that Fridays are awesome , but you know what today 's show could use ? A mascot ! And we 've got one coming up for you in about eight minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Gulf Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , top kill . It sounds like something pretty bad . Officials are hoping it 'll do something good , though : stop the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico . The top kill -- it 's also called a "  dynamic kill " -- is something we mentioned earlier this week . You basically clog up the well with a special kind of mud . BP , the company that owns the well , has been trying a bunch of ways to deal with this leak . One strategy is using dispersants , chemicals that help break up the oil . The Environmental Protection Agency is worried about the specific kind of chemical that 's being used . It 's ordered BP to start using a different dispersant in the next couple days . The Minerals Management Service is part of the U.S. Interior Department . It 's in charge of regulating offshore oil drilling . It 's gotten some criticism lately for being too close to the industry it 's supposed to oversee . There 've been accusations of improper gifts or improper behavior . Ken Salazar is the secretary of the interior . He 's in charge of the Interior Department . He says he 's working to clean up the Minerals Management Service , and he 's keeping an eye on the different strategies to clean up this oil spill . KEN SALAZAR , SECRETARY OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR : If something does n't work , you need to immediately fall back to other alternatives . We , every day , are on top of BP , relative to the different work streams that they have going on . This particular work stream that they call the dynamic kill is something that should come , according to their schedule , in play on Sunday . That will be an effort to essentially kill the well through the insertion of mud . We 're doing everything we can to hold BP accountable , and we will hold them accountable on behalf of the American people . Blog Report AZUZ : You 've been talking about what you think the worst part of the oil spill is ; most of you have discussed its impact on marine life . Listen to what Keenan says : "  The thing that will be affected most is the fishing industry . If oil spilled near my town , it would ruin the economy because about 90 percent of it is fishing . " From Tara : "  Our seafood will become more expensive , and I 'm not ready to cut back on my favorite food just yet . " Brian says "  this spill is becoming eerily similar to the Exxon Valdez spill back in 1989 . Once we get this cleaned up , " he says , "  we 're gon na be reluctant to build another oil rig . " Aaron thinks "  we should get neighboring countries to try to help us in such a bad ecological crisis . " Carley notes that "  ocean life is the base of the food chain ; when we pollute the oceans , we are affecting ourselves too . " And Jonathan says "  it 's obvious the fishing industry is taking a hit . The disaster will damage hundreds of years worth of marine life and the ecosystem . " Economy Check AZUZ : We have a quick look at some economic headlines for you now , starting with a drop in the Dow . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 376 points yesterday . Not good news ; the Dow indicates how the whole stock market is doing . Some experts argue that the debt crisis that 's happening over in Europe is making investors nervous , and that 's causing some of the declines in the U.S. market . Next up , jobless claims . We 're talking about the number of people who are filing for unemployment for the first time . The number went up last week for the first time in a month . And finally , a Wall Street reform bill is moving forward in the U.S. Senate . Yesterday , they voted 60 to 40 to end debate and have a final vote on the bill . That could happen within days . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The Yellow Sea is off the coast of the Iberian Peninsula . Not legit . Actually , it 's next to the Korean Peninsula . The Iberian Peninsula is in Europe . Korean Tensions AZUZ : It 's the Korean Peninsula that 's getting a lot of attention right now because of something that happened in the Yellow Sea back in March . A mysterious explosion tore a South Korean warship in half . The ship sank . 46 sailors were killed . It was near part of the Yellow Sea that both North and South Korea say belongs to them . Several countries -- including South Korea and the U.S. -- investigated the incident . The results point the finger at North Korea , that a North Korean submarine launched a torpedo that sank the South Korean ship . The North denied the accusation . The South vowed to respond . Here 's why all of this is important . The U.S. has an agreement with South Korea to defend it against any aggression . So , if a military conflict breaks out , the U.S. will have to get involved . The tension on the Korean Peninsula goes back decades . The Korean War , fought from 1950 to 1953 , killed millions of people on both sides . When it ended , the Demilitarized Zone -- or DMZ -- was established as a kind of barrier between the two countries . Eunice Yoon takes us there now . BEGIN VIDEO EUNICE YOON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're on Freedom Highway driving towards the Demilitarized Zone . It splits the North from South Korea , and it 's been described once by former President Bill Clinton as the scariest place on earth . After the Korean War , a line was drawn at the 38th parallel , two-and-a-half miles wide , cutting 155 miles across . The DMZ was set up as part of a truce in 1953 , but no peace treaty was ever finalized . So , the two Koreas are technically still at war . Here , the Cold War lives . This is the joint security area in the truce village of Panmunjom . This is a very highly controlled part of the DMZ , and only certain soldiers and military officers are allowed here . This is one of the conference rooms where the United Nations command led by the Americans would meet with the North Koreans , and they would discuss all matters regarding the border and the armistice . These mikes record everything in this room , and they also happen to be right on the demarcation line . So , if I cross over here , I 'm in North Korea . There are reminders of the hostilities . This is the Bridge of No Return . Over there is the North Korean side of the demarcation line . And the prisoners of war , after the Korean War , were brought here and told to choose a side . Once you cross this bridge , you could never go back . This is the only place where you 're going to see South and North Korean soldiers staring each other down . The South Korean soldiers are chosen for their stature , so they look more intimidating . They also are highly trained in martial arts , hence the Tae Kwon Do stance . What 's so surreal about this place is that it 's become a tourist attraction for both sides . We were just with a tour of U.S. war veterans , and over here , the North Koreans are holding their own tour . And 60 years on , we 're still waiting for peace . END VIDEO Address to Congress AZUZ : Mexican President Felipe Calderon wrapped up his trip to the U.S. with a speech to a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress . On Wednesday , he and President Obama talked about some of the issues that affect both of their countries . President Calderon brought up those same concerns in his speech yesterday . He pointed out the benefits of working together . MEXICAN PRESIDENT FELIPE CALDERON : Mexico and the United States are stronger together than they are apart . Together , we can renew our partnership to restore stronger and faster economic growth on both sides of the border . A stronger Mexico means a stronger United States . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Bisom 's intervention class at Fourth Avenue Junior High in Yuma , Arizona ! In what city would you find Piccadilly Circus , Trafalgar Square and part of the River Thames ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  London , B  Athens , C  Moscow or D  Vancouver ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! London , the capital of the United Kingdom , is home to all of these famous landmarks . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! London Mascot Unveiled AZUZ : London is also home to ... these . They 're the mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . We promised you a mascot ; we never said it 'd be recognizable . London is hosting the 2012 Olympics , and it unveiled the face of the games this week : Wenlock -- that 's the thing on the left -- and Mandeville . The designer that came up with these guys says they were inspired by the steel that was used to build London 's Olympic stadium . He designed them specifically for kids , and says he hopes that the mascots will help connect young people with sports and the legacy of the Olympics . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go , you 've heard of the leaning tower of Pisa ? This is the leaning press box of Giants Stadium . That 's leaning pretty far . Do n't worry about it ; it 's not a disaster . It 's a demolition ! The stadium 's being torn down , or pulled down , in this case . The Giants and Jets are moving into a new home next door , and the old stadium 's spot is being turned into a parking lot . Goodbye AZUZ : So , you 've got demolition , you 've got a parking lot . Sounds like it requires car-ful planning . You guys keep standing tall ; the weekend 's just hours away . We 'll see you on the other side of it . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Journey into an area that 's been called the scariest place on earth
CNN Student News  -- May 21 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Washington , D.C. • London , United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We know that Fridays are awesome , but you know what today 's show could use ? A mascot ! And we 've got one coming up for you in about eight minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Gulf Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , top kill . It sounds like something pretty bad . Officials are hoping it 'll do something good , though : stop the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico . The top kill -- it 's also called a "  dynamic kill " -- is something we mentioned earlier this week . You basically clog up the well with a special kind of mud . BP , the company that owns the well , has been trying a bunch of ways to deal with this leak . One strategy is using dispersants , chemicals that help break up the oil . The Environmental Protection Agency is worried about the specific kind of chemical that 's being used . It 's ordered BP to start using a different dispersant in the next couple days . The Minerals Management Service is part of the U.S. Interior Department . It 's in charge of regulating offshore oil drilling . It 's gotten some criticism lately for being too close to the industry it 's supposed to oversee . There 've been accusations of improper gifts or improper behavior . Ken Salazar is the secretary of the interior . He 's in charge of the Interior Department . He says he 's working to clean up the Minerals Management Service , and he 's keeping an eye on the different strategies to clean up this oil spill . KEN SALAZAR , SECRETARY OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR : If something does n't work , you need to immediately fall back to other alternatives . We , every day , are on top of BP , relative to the different work streams that they have going on . This particular work stream that they call the dynamic kill is something that should come , according to their schedule , in play on Sunday . That will be an effort to essentially kill the well through the insertion of mud . We 're doing everything we can to hold BP accountable , and we will hold them accountable on behalf of the American people . Blog Report AZUZ : You 've been talking about what you think the worst part of the oil spill is ; most of you have discussed its impact on marine life . Listen to what Keenan says : "  The thing that will be affected most is the fishing industry . If oil spilled near my town , it would ruin the economy because about 90 percent of it is fishing . " From Tara : "  Our seafood will become more expensive , and I 'm not ready to cut back on my favorite food just yet . " Brian says "  this spill is becoming eerily similar to the Exxon Valdez spill back in 1989 . Once we get this cleaned up , " he says , "  we 're gon na be reluctant to build another oil rig . " Aaron thinks "  we should get neighboring countries to try to help us in such a bad ecological crisis . " Carley notes that "  ocean life is the base of the food chain ; when we pollute the oceans , we are affecting ourselves too . " And Jonathan says "  it 's obvious the fishing industry is taking a hit . The disaster will damage hundreds of years worth of marine life and the ecosystem . " Economy Check AZUZ : We have a quick look at some economic headlines for you now , starting with a drop in the Dow . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 376 points yesterday . Not good news ; the Dow indicates how the whole stock market is doing . Some experts argue that the debt crisis that 's happening over in Europe is making investors nervous , and that 's causing some of the declines in the U.S. market . Next up , jobless claims . We 're talking about the number of people who are filing for unemployment for the first time . The number went up last week for the first time in a month . And finally , a Wall Street reform bill is moving forward in the U.S. Senate . Yesterday , they voted 60 to 40 to end debate and have a final vote on the bill . That could happen within days . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The Yellow Sea is off the coast of the Iberian Peninsula . Not legit . Actually , it 's next to the Korean Peninsula . The Iberian Peninsula is in Europe . Korean Tensions AZUZ : It 's the Korean Peninsula that 's getting a lot of attention right now because of something that happened in the Yellow Sea back in March . A mysterious explosion tore a South Korean warship in half . The ship sank . 46 sailors were killed . It was near part of the Yellow Sea that both North and South Korea say belongs to them . Several countries -- including South Korea and the U.S. -- investigated the incident . The results point the finger at North Korea , that a North Korean submarine launched a torpedo that sank the South Korean ship . The North denied the accusation . The South vowed to respond . Here 's why all of this is important . The U.S. has an agreement with South Korea to defend it against any aggression . So , if a military conflict breaks out , the U.S. will have to get involved . The tension on the Korean Peninsula goes back decades . The Korean War , fought from 1950 to 1953 , killed millions of people on both sides . When it ended , the Demilitarized Zone -- or DMZ -- was established as a kind of barrier between the two countries . Eunice Yoon takes us there now . BEGIN VIDEO EUNICE YOON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're on Freedom Highway driving towards the Demilitarized Zone . It splits the North from South Korea , and it 's been described once by former President Bill Clinton as the scariest place on earth . After the Korean War , a line was drawn at the 38th parallel , two-and-a-half miles wide , cutting 155 miles across . The DMZ was set up as part of a truce in 1953 , but no peace treaty was ever finalized . So , the two Koreas are technically still at war . Here , the Cold War lives . This is the joint security area in the truce village of Panmunjom . This is a very highly controlled part of the DMZ , and only certain soldiers and military officers are allowed here . This is one of the conference rooms where the United Nations command led by the Americans would meet with the North Koreans , and they would discuss all matters regarding the border and the armistice . These mikes record everything in this room , and they also happen to be right on the demarcation line . So , if I cross over here , I 'm in North Korea . There are reminders of the hostilities . This is the Bridge of No Return . Over there is the North Korean side of the demarcation line . And the prisoners of war , after the Korean War , were brought here and told to choose a side . Once you cross this bridge , you could never go back . This is the only place where you 're going to see South and North Korean soldiers staring each other down . The South Korean soldiers are chosen for their stature , so they look more intimidating . They also are highly trained in martial arts , hence the Tae Kwon Do stance . What 's so surreal about this place is that it 's become a tourist attraction for both sides . We were just with a tour of U.S. war veterans , and over here , the North Koreans are holding their own tour . And 60 years on , we 're still waiting for peace . END VIDEO Address to Congress AZUZ : Mexican President Felipe Calderon wrapped up his trip to the U.S. with a speech to a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress . On Wednesday , he and President Obama talked about some of the issues that affect both of their countries . President Calderon brought up those same concerns in his speech yesterday . He pointed out the benefits of working together . MEXICAN PRESIDENT FELIPE CALDERON : Mexico and the United States are stronger together than they are apart . Together , we can renew our partnership to restore stronger and faster economic growth on both sides of the border . A stronger Mexico means a stronger United States . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Bisom 's intervention class at Fourth Avenue Junior High in Yuma , Arizona ! In what city would you find Piccadilly Circus , Trafalgar Square and part of the River Thames ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  London , B  Athens , C  Moscow or D  Vancouver ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! London , the capital of the United Kingdom , is home to all of these famous landmarks . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! London Mascot Unveiled AZUZ : London is also home to ... these . They 're the mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . We promised you a mascot ; we never said it 'd be recognizable . London is hosting the 2012 Olympics , and it unveiled the face of the games this week : Wenlock -- that 's the thing on the left -- and Mandeville . The designer that came up with these guys says they were inspired by the steel that was used to build London 's Olympic stadium . He designed them specifically for kids , and says he hopes that the mascots will help connect young people with sports and the legacy of the Olympics . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go , you 've heard of the leaning tower of Pisa ? This is the leaning press box of Giants Stadium . That 's leaning pretty far . Do n't worry about it ; it 's not a disaster . It 's a demolition ! The stadium 's being torn down , or pulled down , in this case . The Giants and Jets are moving into a new home next door , and the old stadium 's spot is being turned into a parking lot . Goodbye AZUZ : So , you 've got demolition , you 've got a parking lot . Sounds like it requires car-ful planning . You guys keep standing tall ; the weekend 's just hours away . We 'll see you on the other side of it . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Meet the mascot of the 2012 Olympics , and hear what inspired its design
CNN Student News  -- May 21 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Washington , D.C. • London , United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We know that Fridays are awesome , but you know what today 's show could use ? A mascot ! And we 've got one coming up for you in about eight minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Gulf Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , top kill . It sounds like something pretty bad . Officials are hoping it 'll do something good , though : stop the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico . The top kill -- it 's also called a "  dynamic kill " -- is something we mentioned earlier this week . You basically clog up the well with a special kind of mud . BP , the company that owns the well , has been trying a bunch of ways to deal with this leak . One strategy is using dispersants , chemicals that help break up the oil . The Environmental Protection Agency is worried about the specific kind of chemical that 's being used . It 's ordered BP to start using a different dispersant in the next couple days . The Minerals Management Service is part of the U.S. Interior Department . It 's in charge of regulating offshore oil drilling . It 's gotten some criticism lately for being too close to the industry it 's supposed to oversee . There 've been accusations of improper gifts or improper behavior . Ken Salazar is the secretary of the interior . He 's in charge of the Interior Department . He says he 's working to clean up the Minerals Management Service , and he 's keeping an eye on the different strategies to clean up this oil spill . KEN SALAZAR , SECRETARY OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR : If something does n't work , you need to immediately fall back to other alternatives . We , every day , are on top of BP , relative to the different work streams that they have going on . This particular work stream that they call the dynamic kill is something that should come , according to their schedule , in play on Sunday . That will be an effort to essentially kill the well through the insertion of mud . We 're doing everything we can to hold BP accountable , and we will hold them accountable on behalf of the American people . Blog Report AZUZ : You 've been talking about what you think the worst part of the oil spill is ; most of you have discussed its impact on marine life . Listen to what Keenan says : "  The thing that will be affected most is the fishing industry . If oil spilled near my town , it would ruin the economy because about 90 percent of it is fishing . " From Tara : "  Our seafood will become more expensive , and I 'm not ready to cut back on my favorite food just yet . " Brian says "  this spill is becoming eerily similar to the Exxon Valdez spill back in 1989 . Once we get this cleaned up , " he says , "  we 're gon na be reluctant to build another oil rig . " Aaron thinks "  we should get neighboring countries to try to help us in such a bad ecological crisis . " Carley notes that "  ocean life is the base of the food chain ; when we pollute the oceans , we are affecting ourselves too . " And Jonathan says "  it 's obvious the fishing industry is taking a hit . The disaster will damage hundreds of years worth of marine life and the ecosystem . " Economy Check AZUZ : We have a quick look at some economic headlines for you now , starting with a drop in the Dow . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 376 points yesterday . Not good news ; the Dow indicates how the whole stock market is doing . Some experts argue that the debt crisis that 's happening over in Europe is making investors nervous , and that 's causing some of the declines in the U.S. market . Next up , jobless claims . We 're talking about the number of people who are filing for unemployment for the first time . The number went up last week for the first time in a month . And finally , a Wall Street reform bill is moving forward in the U.S. Senate . Yesterday , they voted 60 to 40 to end debate and have a final vote on the bill . That could happen within days . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The Yellow Sea is off the coast of the Iberian Peninsula . Not legit . Actually , it 's next to the Korean Peninsula . The Iberian Peninsula is in Europe . Korean Tensions AZUZ : It 's the Korean Peninsula that 's getting a lot of attention right now because of something that happened in the Yellow Sea back in March . A mysterious explosion tore a South Korean warship in half . The ship sank . 46 sailors were killed . It was near part of the Yellow Sea that both North and South Korea say belongs to them . Several countries -- including South Korea and the U.S. -- investigated the incident . The results point the finger at North Korea , that a North Korean submarine launched a torpedo that sank the South Korean ship . The North denied the accusation . The South vowed to respond . Here 's why all of this is important . The U.S. has an agreement with South Korea to defend it against any aggression . So , if a military conflict breaks out , the U.S. will have to get involved . The tension on the Korean Peninsula goes back decades . The Korean War , fought from 1950 to 1953 , killed millions of people on both sides . When it ended , the Demilitarized Zone -- or DMZ -- was established as a kind of barrier between the two countries . Eunice Yoon takes us there now . BEGIN VIDEO EUNICE YOON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're on Freedom Highway driving towards the Demilitarized Zone . It splits the North from South Korea , and it 's been described once by former President Bill Clinton as the scariest place on earth . After the Korean War , a line was drawn at the 38th parallel , two-and-a-half miles wide , cutting 155 miles across . The DMZ was set up as part of a truce in 1953 , but no peace treaty was ever finalized . So , the two Koreas are technically still at war . Here , the Cold War lives . This is the joint security area in the truce village of Panmunjom . This is a very highly controlled part of the DMZ , and only certain soldiers and military officers are allowed here . This is one of the conference rooms where the United Nations command led by the Americans would meet with the North Koreans , and they would discuss all matters regarding the border and the armistice . These mikes record everything in this room , and they also happen to be right on the demarcation line . So , if I cross over here , I 'm in North Korea . There are reminders of the hostilities . This is the Bridge of No Return . Over there is the North Korean side of the demarcation line . And the prisoners of war , after the Korean War , were brought here and told to choose a side . Once you cross this bridge , you could never go back . This is the only place where you 're going to see South and North Korean soldiers staring each other down . The South Korean soldiers are chosen for their stature , so they look more intimidating . They also are highly trained in martial arts , hence the Tae Kwon Do stance . What 's so surreal about this place is that it 's become a tourist attraction for both sides . We were just with a tour of U.S. war veterans , and over here , the North Koreans are holding their own tour . And 60 years on , we 're still waiting for peace . END VIDEO Address to Congress AZUZ : Mexican President Felipe Calderon wrapped up his trip to the U.S. with a speech to a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress . On Wednesday , he and President Obama talked about some of the issues that affect both of their countries . President Calderon brought up those same concerns in his speech yesterday . He pointed out the benefits of working together . MEXICAN PRESIDENT FELIPE CALDERON : Mexico and the United States are stronger together than they are apart . Together , we can renew our partnership to restore stronger and faster economic growth on both sides of the border . A stronger Mexico means a stronger United States . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Bisom 's intervention class at Fourth Avenue Junior High in Yuma , Arizona ! In what city would you find Piccadilly Circus , Trafalgar Square and part of the River Thames ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  London , B  Athens , C  Moscow or D  Vancouver ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! London , the capital of the United Kingdom , is home to all of these famous landmarks . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! London Mascot Unveiled AZUZ : London is also home to ... these . They 're the mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . We promised you a mascot ; we never said it 'd be recognizable . London is hosting the 2012 Olympics , and it unveiled the face of the games this week : Wenlock -- that 's the thing on the left -- and Mandeville . The designer that came up with these guys says they were inspired by the steel that was used to build London 's Olympic stadium . He designed them specifically for kids , and says he hopes that the mascots will help connect young people with sports and the legacy of the Olympics . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go , you 've heard of the leaning tower of Pisa ? This is the leaning press box of Giants Stadium . That 's leaning pretty far . Do n't worry about it ; it 's not a disaster . It 's a demolition ! The stadium 's being torn down , or pulled down , in this case . The Giants and Jets are moving into a new home next door , and the old stadium 's spot is being turned into a parking lot . Goodbye AZUZ : So , you 've got demolition , you 've got a parking lot . Sounds like it requires car-ful planning . You guys keep standing tall ; the weekend 's just hours away . We 'll see you on the other side of it . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Would n't moving objects with your mind be fun ? But the implications go deeper : For the millions of Americans who live with paralysis , mentally controlling artificial limbs and mobility devices would be a big step forward toward more independent living . Melody Moore Jackson , director of the BrainLab at the Georgia Institute of Technology , is trying to make that happen . Jackson started this lab in 1998 to look at methods of brain control that did n't involve surgery . At that time , she estimates , there were about five labs working on the same topic of brain-computer interfaces . Now there are about 300 . The BrainLab was one of the first to demonstrate that a person can control a robotic arm and a wheelchair with brain signals , Jackson said . "  We can literally influence the wiring of the brain , rewiring the brain , so to speak , to allow them to make new neural connections , and hopefully to restore movement to a paralyzed arm , " Jackson said . About 6 million Americans live with paralysis , according to the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation . A smaller subset in need of such technologies consists of patients with locked-in syndrome , a rare neurological disorder . These patients feel , think , and understand language , but can not move or speak -- they are "  prisoners in their own bodies , " Jackson explained . A famous example is Jean-Dominique Bauby , who became locked-in after a stroke , and wrote the memoir "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " by blinking to indicate individual letters . Jackson wants to open up possibilities for people with locked-in syndrome to communicate and move . There has been a lot of activity in brain-computer interfaces to help such people . Another pioneering research group in this area is the laboratory of Miguel Nicolelis at Duke University Center for Neuroengineering . Nicolelis and colleagues have shown that a rhesus monkey in North Carolina could , using only its brain , control the walking patterns of a robot in Japan . In 2011 , they got a monkey to move a virtual arm and feel sensations from it . This team is leading the Walk Again Project , an international consortium of research centers dedicated to creating brain-computer interfaces to restore movement . One technique that Jackson and colleagues use to harness brain signals is called functional near-infrared spectroscopy . This involves shining a light into the brain to discern how much activity is there , and examining the corresponding oxygen level . Light at a specific wavelength is beamed into the brain , and the oxygen present will absorb some of that light . This allows scientists to pick up on small differences in the blood 's oxygenation . For example , scientists can place a sensor over the Brocca 's area , a part of the brain essential for language . This area is activated when you talk to yourself inside your head or count silently , which is called subvocal speech . Scientists can use the oxygen levels associated with this to create a system of allowing a person to say "  yes " and "  no " just by thinking ; "  no " corresponds to no subvocal speech or nonsense syllables . The original hardware for a device that utilizes this technique was developed by Hitachi , and it allows a person with locked-in syndrome to say "  yes " or "  no , " Jackson said . But Jackson wanted to make something more interesting to learn . Her group created a hot-air balloon video game , where the balloon reflects the blood oxygenation level . Multiple locked-in syndrome patients can compete with each other in this game . "  It 's not necessarily just for fun , " Jackson said . "  We can actually say , ` Well , they got 70 % of the obstacles correct , they were able to jump over the mountains or get through the wind . ' And so it also allows us to collect data . " In the stroke rehabilitation arena , Jackson 's group hopes to restore movement in people who have paralysis or partial paralysis in a limb . Researchers are looking at a rehabilitation robot called an exoskeleton , a device that a person sits in to be able to move limbs that they would n't otherwise . The robot can detect the brain signal corresponding to a person thinking about moving an arm , and then move the arm . "  What we 're trying to do is make new neural connections from the brain to the arm , " Jackson said . The lab has also developed a wheelchair that a person can drive by using brain signals , rather than moving a joystick or pressing buttons . Such brain-computer interfaces require that the user wear an EEG cap to measure brain signals , but setting one up is very complicated . Jackson hopes to make it accessible for anyone to use in their own home . "  You can imagine how much faster the therapy would go if you were doing it all the time , " she said .	Melody Moore Jackson is the director of Georgia Tech 's BrainLab
CNN  -- Would n't moving objects with your mind be fun ? But the implications go deeper : For the millions of Americans who live with paralysis , mentally controlling artificial limbs and mobility devices would be a big step forward toward more independent living . Melody Moore Jackson , director of the BrainLab at the Georgia Institute of Technology , is trying to make that happen . Jackson started this lab in 1998 to look at methods of brain control that did n't involve surgery . At that time , she estimates , there were about five labs working on the same topic of brain-computer interfaces . Now there are about 300 . The BrainLab was one of the first to demonstrate that a person can control a robotic arm and a wheelchair with brain signals , Jackson said . "  We can literally influence the wiring of the brain , rewiring the brain , so to speak , to allow them to make new neural connections , and hopefully to restore movement to a paralyzed arm , " Jackson said . About 6 million Americans live with paralysis , according to the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation . A smaller subset in need of such technologies consists of patients with locked-in syndrome , a rare neurological disorder . These patients feel , think , and understand language , but can not move or speak -- they are "  prisoners in their own bodies , " Jackson explained . A famous example is Jean-Dominique Bauby , who became locked-in after a stroke , and wrote the memoir "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " by blinking to indicate individual letters . Jackson wants to open up possibilities for people with locked-in syndrome to communicate and move . There has been a lot of activity in brain-computer interfaces to help such people . Another pioneering research group in this area is the laboratory of Miguel Nicolelis at Duke University Center for Neuroengineering . Nicolelis and colleagues have shown that a rhesus monkey in North Carolina could , using only its brain , control the walking patterns of a robot in Japan . In 2011 , they got a monkey to move a virtual arm and feel sensations from it . This team is leading the Walk Again Project , an international consortium of research centers dedicated to creating brain-computer interfaces to restore movement . One technique that Jackson and colleagues use to harness brain signals is called functional near-infrared spectroscopy . This involves shining a light into the brain to discern how much activity is there , and examining the corresponding oxygen level . Light at a specific wavelength is beamed into the brain , and the oxygen present will absorb some of that light . This allows scientists to pick up on small differences in the blood 's oxygenation . For example , scientists can place a sensor over the Brocca 's area , a part of the brain essential for language . This area is activated when you talk to yourself inside your head or count silently , which is called subvocal speech . Scientists can use the oxygen levels associated with this to create a system of allowing a person to say "  yes " and "  no " just by thinking ; "  no " corresponds to no subvocal speech or nonsense syllables . The original hardware for a device that utilizes this technique was developed by Hitachi , and it allows a person with locked-in syndrome to say "  yes " or "  no , " Jackson said . But Jackson wanted to make something more interesting to learn . Her group created a hot-air balloon video game , where the balloon reflects the blood oxygenation level . Multiple locked-in syndrome patients can compete with each other in this game . "  It 's not necessarily just for fun , " Jackson said . "  We can actually say , ` Well , they got 70 % of the obstacles correct , they were able to jump over the mountains or get through the wind . ' And so it also allows us to collect data . " In the stroke rehabilitation arena , Jackson 's group hopes to restore movement in people who have paralysis or partial paralysis in a limb . Researchers are looking at a rehabilitation robot called an exoskeleton , a device that a person sits in to be able to move limbs that they would n't otherwise . The robot can detect the brain signal corresponding to a person thinking about moving an arm , and then move the arm . "  What we 're trying to do is make new neural connections from the brain to the arm , " Jackson said . The lab has also developed a wheelchair that a person can drive by using brain signals , rather than moving a joystick or pressing buttons . Such brain-computer interfaces require that the user wear an EEG cap to measure brain signals , but setting one up is very complicated . Jackson hopes to make it accessible for anyone to use in their own home . "  You can imagine how much faster the therapy would go if you were doing it all the time , " she said .	About 6 million Americans live with paralysis
CNN  -- Would n't moving objects with your mind be fun ? But the implications go deeper : For the millions of Americans who live with paralysis , mentally controlling artificial limbs and mobility devices would be a big step forward toward more independent living . Melody Moore Jackson , director of the BrainLab at the Georgia Institute of Technology , is trying to make that happen . Jackson started this lab in 1998 to look at methods of brain control that did n't involve surgery . At that time , she estimates , there were about five labs working on the same topic of brain-computer interfaces . Now there are about 300 . The BrainLab was one of the first to demonstrate that a person can control a robotic arm and a wheelchair with brain signals , Jackson said . "  We can literally influence the wiring of the brain , rewiring the brain , so to speak , to allow them to make new neural connections , and hopefully to restore movement to a paralyzed arm , " Jackson said . About 6 million Americans live with paralysis , according to the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation . A smaller subset in need of such technologies consists of patients with locked-in syndrome , a rare neurological disorder . These patients feel , think , and understand language , but can not move or speak -- they are "  prisoners in their own bodies , " Jackson explained . A famous example is Jean-Dominique Bauby , who became locked-in after a stroke , and wrote the memoir "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " by blinking to indicate individual letters . Jackson wants to open up possibilities for people with locked-in syndrome to communicate and move . There has been a lot of activity in brain-computer interfaces to help such people . Another pioneering research group in this area is the laboratory of Miguel Nicolelis at Duke University Center for Neuroengineering . Nicolelis and colleagues have shown that a rhesus monkey in North Carolina could , using only its brain , control the walking patterns of a robot in Japan . In 2011 , they got a monkey to move a virtual arm and feel sensations from it . This team is leading the Walk Again Project , an international consortium of research centers dedicated to creating brain-computer interfaces to restore movement . One technique that Jackson and colleagues use to harness brain signals is called functional near-infrared spectroscopy . This involves shining a light into the brain to discern how much activity is there , and examining the corresponding oxygen level . Light at a specific wavelength is beamed into the brain , and the oxygen present will absorb some of that light . This allows scientists to pick up on small differences in the blood 's oxygenation . For example , scientists can place a sensor over the Brocca 's area , a part of the brain essential for language . This area is activated when you talk to yourself inside your head or count silently , which is called subvocal speech . Scientists can use the oxygen levels associated with this to create a system of allowing a person to say "  yes " and "  no " just by thinking ; "  no " corresponds to no subvocal speech or nonsense syllables . The original hardware for a device that utilizes this technique was developed by Hitachi , and it allows a person with locked-in syndrome to say "  yes " or "  no , " Jackson said . But Jackson wanted to make something more interesting to learn . Her group created a hot-air balloon video game , where the balloon reflects the blood oxygenation level . Multiple locked-in syndrome patients can compete with each other in this game . "  It 's not necessarily just for fun , " Jackson said . "  We can actually say , ` Well , they got 70 % of the obstacles correct , they were able to jump over the mountains or get through the wind . ' And so it also allows us to collect data . " In the stroke rehabilitation arena , Jackson 's group hopes to restore movement in people who have paralysis or partial paralysis in a limb . Researchers are looking at a rehabilitation robot called an exoskeleton , a device that a person sits in to be able to move limbs that they would n't otherwise . The robot can detect the brain signal corresponding to a person thinking about moving an arm , and then move the arm . "  What we 're trying to do is make new neural connections from the brain to the arm , " Jackson said . The lab has also developed a wheelchair that a person can drive by using brain signals , rather than moving a joystick or pressing buttons . Such brain-computer interfaces require that the user wear an EEG cap to measure brain signals , but setting one up is very complicated . Jackson hopes to make it accessible for anyone to use in their own home . "  You can imagine how much faster the therapy would go if you were doing it all the time , " she said .	Moving limbs and wheelchairs with the brain could help many people with limited mobility
CNN  -- This weekend at the box office , a superhero comedy , a Steve Jobs biopic , and a Harrison Ford thriller all got served by a butler . "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " to be exact . The Weinstein Company 's awards-bait drama , which stars Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey , topped the chart with an excellent $ 25 million from 2,933 theaters in its first frame . Audiences issued the well-reviewed picture an enthusiastic "  A " CinemaScore grade , which sets it up for a lucrative box office run as summer draws to a close . "  The Butler " opened in the same range as "  The Help , " which found $ 26 million in its first weekend in August 2011 . Like that film , "  The Butler " tells a racially charged story that is playing particularly well with older women . According to Weinstein , crowds were 60 percent female and 76 percent above the age of 35 . Winfrey 's presence no doubt helped lure in many of those ticket-buyers , as did "  The Butler " 's "  inspired by a true story " cachet . Time will tell whether the film can match "  The Help " 's $ 169.7 million total , but given "  The Butler " 's low $ 30 million cost , it does n't need to hold particularly well to become a major success . Of course , with its positive reception and its reputation as the first Oscar contender of 2013 , "  The Butler " should have no trouble performing at least as well as 42 , which ran away with $ 95 million after a $ 27.5 million opening earlier this year . Weinstein may have a true cash cow on its hands . "  We 're the Millers " maintained its spot in second place . The pot-smuggling comedy , which stars Jason Sudiekis and Jennifer Aniston , fell only 33 percent in its second weekend to $ 17.8 million and has now lit up $ 69.5 million worth of tickets against a trim $ 37 million budget . "  Millers " is now a lock to surpass $ 100 million at the domestic box office , which would make it Sudeikis ' second film to reach the milestone  alongside his previous Aniston team-up , "  Horrible Bosses "  , and Aniston 's sixth . 12 comic stripper scenes Last weekend 's champ , "  Elysium , " took a major hit in its sophomore frame . The $ 115 million sci-fi film dropped 54 percent -- the largest fall in the top 10 -- to $ 13.6 million , which gives the tepidly received spectacle a $ 55.9 million total . Currently , "  Elysium " seems headed for an $ 85 million to $ 90 million finish -- well below director Neill Blomkamp 's $ 115.6 million finish for "  District 9 . " Down in fourth place , Universal 's "  Kick-Ass 2 " stumbled in its opening weekend with a meager $ 13.5 million . That 's a big step below the original "  Kick-Ass , " which debuted to $ 19.8 million en route to $ 48.1 million total in 2010 . While that was hardly an eye-popping total , Universal pushed ahead with a sequel based on "  Kick-Ass " ' popularity in geek circles and its strong home video sales . Unfortunately , few people were very interested in the sequel  including star Jim Carrey , who would not do any publicity for the R-rated film after deciding he would not promote violence  . "  Kick-Ass 2 , " which fortunately cost only $ 28 million , extends the streak of under-performing sequels that has plagued Hollywood over the past month . "  Red 2 , " "  The Smurfs 2 , " "  The Wolverine , " and "  Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters " have all failed to match their predecessors ' grosses . Audiences were 63 percent male and 58 percent below the age of 25 , and they awarded the film a "  B + " CinemaScore . Were these sequels necessary ? "  Planes " descended 41 percent in its second weekend to $ 13.1 million , which brings the $ 50 million animation 's total to $ 45.1 million . Obviously , that 's not a "  Monsters University " or "  Despicable Me 2 " - sized number , but given "  Planes " ' relatively low cost  and gigantic merchandise appeal  , it 's flying high enough to keep Disney happy . 1 . Lee Daniels ' The Butler -- $ 25 million 2 . We 're the Millers -- $ 17.8 million 3 . Elysium -- $ 13.6 million 4 . Kick-Ass 2 -- $ 13.5 million 5 . Planes -- $ 13.1 million Two newcomers finished outside the Top 5 . "  Jobs , " Open Road Films ' Steve Jobs biopic starring Ashton Kutcher , did n't sync with moviegoers and floundered with $ 6.7 million . Fortunately , the picture cost only $ 12 million to produce -- or about the amount that Apple has earned since you started reading this sentence . Meanwhile , "  Paranoia , " a $ 40 million thriller starring Liam Hemsworth and Harrison Ford , fared even worse . The Relativity-acquired film grossed a truly terrible $ 3.5 million from 2,459 theaters , yielding a $ 1,423 theater average . The misfires were issued "  B -- " and "  C + " CinemaScore grades , respectively . In limited release , "  Blue Jasmine " continued to impress . The Woody Allen-directed film starring Cate Blanchett increased its theater count from 119 to 229 locations but maintained a robust $ 10,303 average , which gave it $ 2.4 million for the weekend . After four weeks , "  Blue Jasmine " has earned a remarkable $ 9.5 million . Next weekend , "  The Mortal Instruments , " "  You 're Next " and "  The World 's End " all hit theaters . How a group of indie filmmakers produced one of 2013 's most terrifying movies See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " took the top spot at the box office
CNN  -- This weekend at the box office , a superhero comedy , a Steve Jobs biopic , and a Harrison Ford thriller all got served by a butler . "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " to be exact . The Weinstein Company 's awards-bait drama , which stars Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey , topped the chart with an excellent $ 25 million from 2,933 theaters in its first frame . Audiences issued the well-reviewed picture an enthusiastic "  A " CinemaScore grade , which sets it up for a lucrative box office run as summer draws to a close . "  The Butler " opened in the same range as "  The Help , " which found $ 26 million in its first weekend in August 2011 . Like that film , "  The Butler " tells a racially charged story that is playing particularly well with older women . According to Weinstein , crowds were 60 percent female and 76 percent above the age of 35 . Winfrey 's presence no doubt helped lure in many of those ticket-buyers , as did "  The Butler " 's "  inspired by a true story " cachet . Time will tell whether the film can match "  The Help " 's $ 169.7 million total , but given "  The Butler " 's low $ 30 million cost , it does n't need to hold particularly well to become a major success . Of course , with its positive reception and its reputation as the first Oscar contender of 2013 , "  The Butler " should have no trouble performing at least as well as 42 , which ran away with $ 95 million after a $ 27.5 million opening earlier this year . Weinstein may have a true cash cow on its hands . "  We 're the Millers " maintained its spot in second place . The pot-smuggling comedy , which stars Jason Sudiekis and Jennifer Aniston , fell only 33 percent in its second weekend to $ 17.8 million and has now lit up $ 69.5 million worth of tickets against a trim $ 37 million budget . "  Millers " is now a lock to surpass $ 100 million at the domestic box office , which would make it Sudeikis ' second film to reach the milestone  alongside his previous Aniston team-up , "  Horrible Bosses "  , and Aniston 's sixth . 12 comic stripper scenes Last weekend 's champ , "  Elysium , " took a major hit in its sophomore frame . The $ 115 million sci-fi film dropped 54 percent -- the largest fall in the top 10 -- to $ 13.6 million , which gives the tepidly received spectacle a $ 55.9 million total . Currently , "  Elysium " seems headed for an $ 85 million to $ 90 million finish -- well below director Neill Blomkamp 's $ 115.6 million finish for "  District 9 . " Down in fourth place , Universal 's "  Kick-Ass 2 " stumbled in its opening weekend with a meager $ 13.5 million . That 's a big step below the original "  Kick-Ass , " which debuted to $ 19.8 million en route to $ 48.1 million total in 2010 . While that was hardly an eye-popping total , Universal pushed ahead with a sequel based on "  Kick-Ass " ' popularity in geek circles and its strong home video sales . Unfortunately , few people were very interested in the sequel  including star Jim Carrey , who would not do any publicity for the R-rated film after deciding he would not promote violence  . "  Kick-Ass 2 , " which fortunately cost only $ 28 million , extends the streak of under-performing sequels that has plagued Hollywood over the past month . "  Red 2 , " "  The Smurfs 2 , " "  The Wolverine , " and "  Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters " have all failed to match their predecessors ' grosses . Audiences were 63 percent male and 58 percent below the age of 25 , and they awarded the film a "  B + " CinemaScore . Were these sequels necessary ? "  Planes " descended 41 percent in its second weekend to $ 13.1 million , which brings the $ 50 million animation 's total to $ 45.1 million . Obviously , that 's not a "  Monsters University " or "  Despicable Me 2 " - sized number , but given "  Planes " ' relatively low cost  and gigantic merchandise appeal  , it 's flying high enough to keep Disney happy . 1 . Lee Daniels ' The Butler -- $ 25 million 2 . We 're the Millers -- $ 17.8 million 3 . Elysium -- $ 13.6 million 4 . Kick-Ass 2 -- $ 13.5 million 5 . Planes -- $ 13.1 million Two newcomers finished outside the Top 5 . "  Jobs , " Open Road Films ' Steve Jobs biopic starring Ashton Kutcher , did n't sync with moviegoers and floundered with $ 6.7 million . Fortunately , the picture cost only $ 12 million to produce -- or about the amount that Apple has earned since you started reading this sentence . Meanwhile , "  Paranoia , " a $ 40 million thriller starring Liam Hemsworth and Harrison Ford , fared even worse . The Relativity-acquired film grossed a truly terrible $ 3.5 million from 2,459 theaters , yielding a $ 1,423 theater average . The misfires were issued "  B -- " and "  C + " CinemaScore grades , respectively . In limited release , "  Blue Jasmine " continued to impress . The Woody Allen-directed film starring Cate Blanchett increased its theater count from 119 to 229 locations but maintained a robust $ 10,303 average , which gave it $ 2.4 million for the weekend . After four weeks , "  Blue Jasmine " has earned a remarkable $ 9.5 million . Next weekend , "  The Mortal Instruments , " "  You 're Next " and "  The World 's End " all hit theaters . How a group of indie filmmakers produced one of 2013 's most terrifying movies See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  We 're the Millers , " "  Elysium " round out top 3
CNN  -- This weekend at the box office , a superhero comedy , a Steve Jobs biopic , and a Harrison Ford thriller all got served by a butler . "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " to be exact . The Weinstein Company 's awards-bait drama , which stars Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey , topped the chart with an excellent $ 25 million from 2,933 theaters in its first frame . Audiences issued the well-reviewed picture an enthusiastic "  A " CinemaScore grade , which sets it up for a lucrative box office run as summer draws to a close . "  The Butler " opened in the same range as "  The Help , " which found $ 26 million in its first weekend in August 2011 . Like that film , "  The Butler " tells a racially charged story that is playing particularly well with older women . According to Weinstein , crowds were 60 percent female and 76 percent above the age of 35 . Winfrey 's presence no doubt helped lure in many of those ticket-buyers , as did "  The Butler " 's "  inspired by a true story " cachet . Time will tell whether the film can match "  The Help " 's $ 169.7 million total , but given "  The Butler " 's low $ 30 million cost , it does n't need to hold particularly well to become a major success . Of course , with its positive reception and its reputation as the first Oscar contender of 2013 , "  The Butler " should have no trouble performing at least as well as 42 , which ran away with $ 95 million after a $ 27.5 million opening earlier this year . Weinstein may have a true cash cow on its hands . "  We 're the Millers " maintained its spot in second place . The pot-smuggling comedy , which stars Jason Sudiekis and Jennifer Aniston , fell only 33 percent in its second weekend to $ 17.8 million and has now lit up $ 69.5 million worth of tickets against a trim $ 37 million budget . "  Millers " is now a lock to surpass $ 100 million at the domestic box office , which would make it Sudeikis ' second film to reach the milestone  alongside his previous Aniston team-up , "  Horrible Bosses "  , and Aniston 's sixth . 12 comic stripper scenes Last weekend 's champ , "  Elysium , " took a major hit in its sophomore frame . The $ 115 million sci-fi film dropped 54 percent -- the largest fall in the top 10 -- to $ 13.6 million , which gives the tepidly received spectacle a $ 55.9 million total . Currently , "  Elysium " seems headed for an $ 85 million to $ 90 million finish -- well below director Neill Blomkamp 's $ 115.6 million finish for "  District 9 . " Down in fourth place , Universal 's "  Kick-Ass 2 " stumbled in its opening weekend with a meager $ 13.5 million . That 's a big step below the original "  Kick-Ass , " which debuted to $ 19.8 million en route to $ 48.1 million total in 2010 . While that was hardly an eye-popping total , Universal pushed ahead with a sequel based on "  Kick-Ass " ' popularity in geek circles and its strong home video sales . Unfortunately , few people were very interested in the sequel  including star Jim Carrey , who would not do any publicity for the R-rated film after deciding he would not promote violence  . "  Kick-Ass 2 , " which fortunately cost only $ 28 million , extends the streak of under-performing sequels that has plagued Hollywood over the past month . "  Red 2 , " "  The Smurfs 2 , " "  The Wolverine , " and "  Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters " have all failed to match their predecessors ' grosses . Audiences were 63 percent male and 58 percent below the age of 25 , and they awarded the film a "  B + " CinemaScore . Were these sequels necessary ? "  Planes " descended 41 percent in its second weekend to $ 13.1 million , which brings the $ 50 million animation 's total to $ 45.1 million . Obviously , that 's not a "  Monsters University " or "  Despicable Me 2 " - sized number , but given "  Planes " ' relatively low cost  and gigantic merchandise appeal  , it 's flying high enough to keep Disney happy . 1 . Lee Daniels ' The Butler -- $ 25 million 2 . We 're the Millers -- $ 17.8 million 3 . Elysium -- $ 13.6 million 4 . Kick-Ass 2 -- $ 13.5 million 5 . Planes -- $ 13.1 million Two newcomers finished outside the Top 5 . "  Jobs , " Open Road Films ' Steve Jobs biopic starring Ashton Kutcher , did n't sync with moviegoers and floundered with $ 6.7 million . Fortunately , the picture cost only $ 12 million to produce -- or about the amount that Apple has earned since you started reading this sentence . Meanwhile , "  Paranoia , " a $ 40 million thriller starring Liam Hemsworth and Harrison Ford , fared even worse . The Relativity-acquired film grossed a truly terrible $ 3.5 million from 2,459 theaters , yielding a $ 1,423 theater average . The misfires were issued "  B -- " and "  C + " CinemaScore grades , respectively . In limited release , "  Blue Jasmine " continued to impress . The Woody Allen-directed film starring Cate Blanchett increased its theater count from 119 to 229 locations but maintained a robust $ 10,303 average , which gave it $ 2.4 million for the weekend . After four weeks , "  Blue Jasmine " has earned a remarkable $ 9.5 million . Next weekend , "  The Mortal Instruments , " "  You 're Next " and "  The World 's End " all hit theaters . How a group of indie filmmakers produced one of 2013 's most terrifying movies See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	New Steve Jobs biopic did n't crack the top 5
CNN  -- The wife of New York Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed for divorce Monday morning in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Family Court . Lawyers representing Cynthia Rodriguez say she has officially filed for divorce from Yankees slugger A-Rod . The divorce filing said the marriage is "  irretrievably broken because of the husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct . " "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children and has left her with no choice but to divorce him , " the petition said . Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together , Natasha and Ella . The split comes less than three months after the birth of the couple 's second daughter , according to The Associated Press . National newspapers and gossip magazines recently have covered the troubled marriage between Alex Rodriguez , one of professional baseball 's highest-paid stars , and his wife for weeks , chronicling rumors that both were having affairs . Reports have linked Alex Rodriguez , nicknamed A-Rod , with pop icon Madonna and Cynthia with rock star Lenny Kravitz . Both Madonna and Kravitz are denying the reports . Madonna 's representative released a statement to CNN on Monday denying the rumors . "  I know Alex Rodriguez through Guy Oseary , who manages both of us . I brought my kids to a Yankee game . I am not romantically involved in any way with Alex , " the statement said . Representatives for Kravitz also released a statement Monday saying that he was helping Cynthia Rodriguez get through the grief of her failed marriage but was not romantically involved with her . "  There is absolutely no affair between Cynthia Rodriguez and myself . This is unequivocally 100 % not true , " the statement read . "  Cynthia is a friend and is here with the godfather of her baby , who is also Alex 's trainer , his wife and their baby girl . She came here to escape from everything happening in New York City . I opened my home to her as a friend , and I find it extremely hurtful that I am now being referred to as an adulterer . " Last year , the slugger was photographed out at night with a former Las Vegas stripper , sparking headlines like "  Stray-Rod " in the New York Post . Rodriguez has been a lightning rod for praise and criticism during his 14-year professional baseball career . He has been an All-Star many times and has hit more than 500 home runs . Rodriguez also landed the most lucrative contract in baseball history with a $ 250 million-plus 10-year salary with the Texas Rangers in 2001 , which was extended by the Yankees . He was widely criticized for opting out of that contract during the 2007 World Series . The slugger later inked a new 10-year deal worth $ 275 million . The divorce filing also stated that "  the husband has the fiscal capacity to continue his high style of living , but the wife does not . " Cynthia Rodriguez asked for alimony and child support in the petition but did not specify a dollar figure . See more about expensive celebrity divorces " The divorce petition states that the couple entered into a prenuptial agreement in 2002 and asked for an investigation to determine if the agreement is still valid . On Sunday , Alex Rodriguez hit his 536th homer , tying Yankee Hall of Famer Mickey Mantle for having the 13th most homers ever .	Documents cite "  husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct "
CNN  -- The wife of New York Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed for divorce Monday morning in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Family Court . Lawyers representing Cynthia Rodriguez say she has officially filed for divorce from Yankees slugger A-Rod . The divorce filing said the marriage is "  irretrievably broken because of the husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct . " "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children and has left her with no choice but to divorce him , " the petition said . Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together , Natasha and Ella . The split comes less than three months after the birth of the couple 's second daughter , according to The Associated Press . National newspapers and gossip magazines recently have covered the troubled marriage between Alex Rodriguez , one of professional baseball 's highest-paid stars , and his wife for weeks , chronicling rumors that both were having affairs . Reports have linked Alex Rodriguez , nicknamed A-Rod , with pop icon Madonna and Cynthia with rock star Lenny Kravitz . Both Madonna and Kravitz are denying the reports . Madonna 's representative released a statement to CNN on Monday denying the rumors . "  I know Alex Rodriguez through Guy Oseary , who manages both of us . I brought my kids to a Yankee game . I am not romantically involved in any way with Alex , " the statement said . Representatives for Kravitz also released a statement Monday saying that he was helping Cynthia Rodriguez get through the grief of her failed marriage but was not romantically involved with her . "  There is absolutely no affair between Cynthia Rodriguez and myself . This is unequivocally 100 % not true , " the statement read . "  Cynthia is a friend and is here with the godfather of her baby , who is also Alex 's trainer , his wife and their baby girl . She came here to escape from everything happening in New York City . I opened my home to her as a friend , and I find it extremely hurtful that I am now being referred to as an adulterer . " Last year , the slugger was photographed out at night with a former Las Vegas stripper , sparking headlines like "  Stray-Rod " in the New York Post . Rodriguez has been a lightning rod for praise and criticism during his 14-year professional baseball career . He has been an All-Star many times and has hit more than 500 home runs . Rodriguez also landed the most lucrative contract in baseball history with a $ 250 million-plus 10-year salary with the Texas Rangers in 2001 , which was extended by the Yankees . He was widely criticized for opting out of that contract during the 2007 World Series . The slugger later inked a new 10-year deal worth $ 275 million . The divorce filing also stated that "  the husband has the fiscal capacity to continue his high style of living , but the wife does not . " Cynthia Rodriguez asked for alimony and child support in the petition but did not specify a dollar figure . See more about expensive celebrity divorces " The divorce petition states that the couple entered into a prenuptial agreement in 2002 and asked for an investigation to determine if the agreement is still valid . On Sunday , Alex Rodriguez hit his 536th homer , tying Yankee Hall of Famer Mickey Mantle for having the 13th most homers ever .	Document : "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children "
CNN  -- The wife of New York Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed for divorce Monday morning in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Family Court . Lawyers representing Cynthia Rodriguez say she has officially filed for divorce from Yankees slugger A-Rod . The divorce filing said the marriage is "  irretrievably broken because of the husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct . " "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children and has left her with no choice but to divorce him , " the petition said . Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together , Natasha and Ella . The split comes less than three months after the birth of the couple 's second daughter , according to The Associated Press . National newspapers and gossip magazines recently have covered the troubled marriage between Alex Rodriguez , one of professional baseball 's highest-paid stars , and his wife for weeks , chronicling rumors that both were having affairs . Reports have linked Alex Rodriguez , nicknamed A-Rod , with pop icon Madonna and Cynthia with rock star Lenny Kravitz . Both Madonna and Kravitz are denying the reports . Madonna 's representative released a statement to CNN on Monday denying the rumors . "  I know Alex Rodriguez through Guy Oseary , who manages both of us . I brought my kids to a Yankee game . I am not romantically involved in any way with Alex , " the statement said . Representatives for Kravitz also released a statement Monday saying that he was helping Cynthia Rodriguez get through the grief of her failed marriage but was not romantically involved with her . "  There is absolutely no affair between Cynthia Rodriguez and myself . This is unequivocally 100 % not true , " the statement read . "  Cynthia is a friend and is here with the godfather of her baby , who is also Alex 's trainer , his wife and their baby girl . She came here to escape from everything happening in New York City . I opened my home to her as a friend , and I find it extremely hurtful that I am now being referred to as an adulterer . " Last year , the slugger was photographed out at night with a former Las Vegas stripper , sparking headlines like "  Stray-Rod " in the New York Post . Rodriguez has been a lightning rod for praise and criticism during his 14-year professional baseball career . He has been an All-Star many times and has hit more than 500 home runs . Rodriguez also landed the most lucrative contract in baseball history with a $ 250 million-plus 10-year salary with the Texas Rangers in 2001 , which was extended by the Yankees . He was widely criticized for opting out of that contract during the 2007 World Series . The slugger later inked a new 10-year deal worth $ 275 million . The divorce filing also stated that "  the husband has the fiscal capacity to continue his high style of living , but the wife does not . " Cynthia Rodriguez asked for alimony and child support in the petition but did not specify a dollar figure . See more about expensive celebrity divorces " The divorce petition states that the couple entered into a prenuptial agreement in 2002 and asked for an investigation to determine if the agreement is still valid . On Sunday , Alex Rodriguez hit his 536th homer , tying Yankee Hall of Famer Mickey Mantle for having the 13th most homers ever .	Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together
CNN  -- The wife of New York Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed for divorce Monday morning in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Family Court . Lawyers representing Cynthia Rodriguez say she has officially filed for divorce from Yankees slugger A-Rod . The divorce filing said the marriage is "  irretrievably broken because of the husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct . " "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children and has left her with no choice but to divorce him , " the petition said . Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together , Natasha and Ella . The split comes less than three months after the birth of the couple 's second daughter , according to The Associated Press . National newspapers and gossip magazines recently have covered the troubled marriage between Alex Rodriguez , one of professional baseball 's highest-paid stars , and his wife for weeks , chronicling rumors that both were having affairs . Reports have linked Alex Rodriguez , nicknamed A-Rod , with pop icon Madonna and Cynthia with rock star Lenny Kravitz . Both Madonna and Kravitz are denying the reports . Madonna 's representative released a statement to CNN on Monday denying the rumors . "  I know Alex Rodriguez through Guy Oseary , who manages both of us . I brought my kids to a Yankee game . I am not romantically involved in any way with Alex , " the statement said . Representatives for Kravitz also released a statement Monday saying that he was helping Cynthia Rodriguez get through the grief of her failed marriage but was not romantically involved with her . "  There is absolutely no affair between Cynthia Rodriguez and myself . This is unequivocally 100 % not true , " the statement read . "  Cynthia is a friend and is here with the godfather of her baby , who is also Alex 's trainer , his wife and their baby girl . She came here to escape from everything happening in New York City . I opened my home to her as a friend , and I find it extremely hurtful that I am now being referred to as an adulterer . " Last year , the slugger was photographed out at night with a former Las Vegas stripper , sparking headlines like "  Stray-Rod " in the New York Post . Rodriguez has been a lightning rod for praise and criticism during his 14-year professional baseball career . He has been an All-Star many times and has hit more than 500 home runs . Rodriguez also landed the most lucrative contract in baseball history with a $ 250 million-plus 10-year salary with the Texas Rangers in 2001 , which was extended by the Yankees . He was widely criticized for opting out of that contract during the 2007 World Series . The slugger later inked a new 10-year deal worth $ 275 million . The divorce filing also stated that "  the husband has the fiscal capacity to continue his high style of living , but the wife does not . " Cynthia Rodriguez asked for alimony and child support in the petition but did not specify a dollar figure . See more about expensive celebrity divorces " The divorce petition states that the couple entered into a prenuptial agreement in 2002 and asked for an investigation to determine if the agreement is still valid . On Sunday , Alex Rodriguez hit his 536th homer , tying Yankee Hall of Famer Mickey Mantle for having the 13th most homers ever .	Divorce filing comes after speculation about a split between slugger , wife
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- In the December chill of Long Island , Joselo Lucero stands on the spot where seven teenagers attacked his brother and another Hispanic man five years ago as part of the pastime they made out of hunting and beating up Latinos . His brother , Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , was fatally stabbed by one of the attackers in a sport authorities say the youths referred to as "  beaner hopping . " Authorities called it a hate crime . Lucero points to a patch of grass near the Long Island Rail Road station in this waterfront village where the confrontation began on the night of November 8 , 2008 . There was the spot where a knife pierced Marcelo 's chest ; the house where his cries for help went unheeded ; the fence where his body crumpled and bled to death . "  For me , it 's a symbol , " Lucero , 38 , said . "  That was the end of something , but it was the beginning of the change . A regular person , bleeding ... stood up and fought for what was right . " Another step in that change came Tuesday when Suffolk County legislators voted 14-0 , with four absent , for an agreement that gives the U.S. Justice Department rare oversight of the Suffolk County police . County officials later said another vote was taken with three of the absent legislators present , and the settlement was approved 17-0 . The 27-page agreement settles a federal investigation of discriminatory policing in immigrant communities in Suffolk , one of the nation 's largest suburbs and home to ritzy East Hampton . That investigation was triggered by the 2008 hate crime , which fueled international outcry and exposed a pattern of anti-immigrant violence and what community leaders called police inaction . The agreement calls for additional police training , accountability and outreach to Latinos ; better tracking of hate crimes and police discrimination ; regular meetings with Latino leaders ; and more bilingual officers . The settlement does not cite wrongdoing or specific problems with the Police Department or its policies , even though the Justice Department inquiry found that police helped created a climate where hate crimes went unreported and officers routinely ignored bias attacks . "  The cops that looked the other way are still there , " said Patrick Young , a lawyer and program director at the Central American Refugee Center . "  The real issue is , Can they reconstruct the culture of the police so that police do not look the other way ? We feel they have done a good job of making the police more accountable . " A step forward For Joselo Lucero and others , the settlement is a tiny step for a county trying desperately to shed its reputation as a bastion of anti-immigrant fear and resentment . "  Let 's not be hypocrites , " Lucero told CNN . "  Who were the police officers who did not follow up on these crimes ? Why should I believe these people will change ? No one has been named in connection with these cover ups . " After the Marcelo Lucero slaying , dozens of immigrants told federal and county officials about hate crimes they suffered and reports made to officers who failed to investigate , according to Foster Maer , senior litigation counsel for LatinoJustice PRLDEF , formerly called the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund . Maer believes the Justice Department failed by not investigating these other alleged crimes reported by the county 's Latino community as part of its settlement with Suffolk . That failure , according to Maer , has deprived immigrants of the truth and the entire community of a "  critical learning moment , " said Maer , whose Manhattan-based advocacy group first took the allegations to federal investigators . The group will ask the Justice Department and Suffolk officials to sign another agreement calling on the county to investigate unsolved hate crimes and establish why previous attacks were ignored . Amol Sinha , director of the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said the young men who preyed on immigrants did not fear any consequences . "  There were instances leading up to that terrible night where kids were out ` beaner hopping ' and beating up who they perceived to be undocumented immigrants and never got more than a slap on the wrist , " Sinha said . "  So often the police would leave them alone or encourage people not to press charges or , if charges were pressed , they were something like disorderly conduct or something light , " he added . "  They would say , ` They 're just teenagers messing around . ' " Suffolk Deputy Chief Kevin Fallon acknowledged that with the growth of the county 's Spanish-speaking population , officers had trouble communicating with crime victims . But Fallon denied that the police fostered a climate that encouraged hate crimes . "  It 's important to know that the Department of Justice came in to look at that allegation , " he said , "  and there was no finding on their part . " Fallon said some undocumented immigrants might have been reluctant to report crimes because of their legal status . But the 2,000-officer department wants the message out that "  their status is not a factor for us . " "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction , " he said , referring to police and community relations . "  It 's going to take a long time to get that trust back . " ` We 're not going to let this happen again ' On Main Street in Patchogue , a quiet village of about 12,000 people on the south shore of Long Island , four men from El Salvador and Honduras sitting in a laundromat said they believe some things have changed , while others have not , after the Lucero slaying . "  The police treat you a little better , " said one man , declining to give his name . "  You do n't see small groups of kids hanging around like before , " said another . "  There are more police around . " "  But you know you 're still not safe out alone at night , " said a third . Verbal and physical assaults against immigrants continue , including , the men said , a recent stabbing of a Latino immigrant outside a deli in Bellport by a group of men armed with bats and knives . But the police are more attentive to Latinos , occasionally picking up men walking home alone at night and dropping them off at their destinations , they said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by immigration opponents who found sympathetic ears in the area , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report one year after Lucero 's killing . Former County Executive Steve Levy , an anti-immigration firebrand who employed measures seen as hostile toward Latinos , has been singled out by advocates and immigrants alike as an enabler of the hate . "  Suffolk County became ground zero for the anti-immigrant movement and it threw up a sign saying we 're a county of intolerance , " said Luis Valenzuela , executive director of the Long Island Immigrant Alliance . For decades , the influx of undocumented immigrants in Suffolk generated anger and tension in the neighborhood . Recent arrivals said longtime residents make sharp distinctions between assimilated immigrants who 've been here for a generation or two and those who arrived more recently . Those are perceived as a threat to local jobs and the quality of life . In recent decades , thousands of immigrants from Latin America have arrived on Long Island . Patchogue 's Latino population has risen steadily , with Ecuadoreans making up the largest group , according to advocates . The hostility and attacks predated the Lucero slaying . In 2001 , two Mexican day laborers were nearly beaten to death . In 2003 , the home of a Mexican family was burned down . Both incidents occurred in the nearby town of Farmingville . "  That was a learning moment for schools and communties to address that issue , and they did n't want to , " said Regina Casale , who teaches Spanish in the Suffolk County schools . "  They swept it under the carpet . Across the board everybody failed at that moment . " Moving on Seven students from Patchogue-Medford High School were arrested and convicted in Lucero 's death . One of them , Jeffrey Conroy , who was 17 and a star athlete at the time of the attack , is serving a 25-year sentence for manslaughter as a hate crime . Six others pleaded guilty and are serving sentences of between five and eight years . "  When this happened , you heard the teachers , the parents saying we did n't know this was going on , " Casale said of Lucero 's death . "  But all the kids knew . And there 's still no visible youth movement saying , ` Let 's talk about this . We 're not going to let this happen again . ' " Two years ago , federal authorities recommended changes to promote trust between police and Latinos , including "  enhanced training and investigation of allegations of hate crimes and bias incidents , meaningful access to police services for individuals with limited English proficiency , " the Justice Department said in a statement when the settlement was announced . The Justice Department would monitor the county 's compliance for at least a year . "  All residents of Suffolk County deserve full and unbiased police protection , regardless of national origin , race , or citizenship status , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch . Marcelo Lucero , who was 37 when he died and worked in a dry cleaning store , is remembered in a scholarship awarded each year by a nonprofit for whom his brother now works . Every year , Joselo Lucero and community leaders hold a vigil at the intersection near the Patchogue train station where Lucero died . In 2010 , the corner was renamed Unity Place . Lucero travels around in his brother 's old car , giving talks against bullying and hate crimes at schools around the region . Two students at Patchogue-Medford High School have been awarded the scholarship bearing his brother 's name , but Lucero still has n't been invited to speak there . "  The guys who killed my brother still have friends in the school , " he said . "  They want to avoid any problems . " Said Casale , who teaches Spanish at a junior high school : "  It 's almost like the county wants damage control rather than to take responsibility . They want this to go away . "	Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero was attacked and killed in 2008
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- In the December chill of Long Island , Joselo Lucero stands on the spot where seven teenagers attacked his brother and another Hispanic man five years ago as part of the pastime they made out of hunting and beating up Latinos . His brother , Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , was fatally stabbed by one of the attackers in a sport authorities say the youths referred to as "  beaner hopping . " Authorities called it a hate crime . Lucero points to a patch of grass near the Long Island Rail Road station in this waterfront village where the confrontation began on the night of November 8 , 2008 . There was the spot where a knife pierced Marcelo 's chest ; the house where his cries for help went unheeded ; the fence where his body crumpled and bled to death . "  For me , it 's a symbol , " Lucero , 38 , said . "  That was the end of something , but it was the beginning of the change . A regular person , bleeding ... stood up and fought for what was right . " Another step in that change came Tuesday when Suffolk County legislators voted 14-0 , with four absent , for an agreement that gives the U.S. Justice Department rare oversight of the Suffolk County police . County officials later said another vote was taken with three of the absent legislators present , and the settlement was approved 17-0 . The 27-page agreement settles a federal investigation of discriminatory policing in immigrant communities in Suffolk , one of the nation 's largest suburbs and home to ritzy East Hampton . That investigation was triggered by the 2008 hate crime , which fueled international outcry and exposed a pattern of anti-immigrant violence and what community leaders called police inaction . The agreement calls for additional police training , accountability and outreach to Latinos ; better tracking of hate crimes and police discrimination ; regular meetings with Latino leaders ; and more bilingual officers . The settlement does not cite wrongdoing or specific problems with the Police Department or its policies , even though the Justice Department inquiry found that police helped created a climate where hate crimes went unreported and officers routinely ignored bias attacks . "  The cops that looked the other way are still there , " said Patrick Young , a lawyer and program director at the Central American Refugee Center . "  The real issue is , Can they reconstruct the culture of the police so that police do not look the other way ? We feel they have done a good job of making the police more accountable . " A step forward For Joselo Lucero and others , the settlement is a tiny step for a county trying desperately to shed its reputation as a bastion of anti-immigrant fear and resentment . "  Let 's not be hypocrites , " Lucero told CNN . "  Who were the police officers who did not follow up on these crimes ? Why should I believe these people will change ? No one has been named in connection with these cover ups . " After the Marcelo Lucero slaying , dozens of immigrants told federal and county officials about hate crimes they suffered and reports made to officers who failed to investigate , according to Foster Maer , senior litigation counsel for LatinoJustice PRLDEF , formerly called the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund . Maer believes the Justice Department failed by not investigating these other alleged crimes reported by the county 's Latino community as part of its settlement with Suffolk . That failure , according to Maer , has deprived immigrants of the truth and the entire community of a "  critical learning moment , " said Maer , whose Manhattan-based advocacy group first took the allegations to federal investigators . The group will ask the Justice Department and Suffolk officials to sign another agreement calling on the county to investigate unsolved hate crimes and establish why previous attacks were ignored . Amol Sinha , director of the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said the young men who preyed on immigrants did not fear any consequences . "  There were instances leading up to that terrible night where kids were out ` beaner hopping ' and beating up who they perceived to be undocumented immigrants and never got more than a slap on the wrist , " Sinha said . "  So often the police would leave them alone or encourage people not to press charges or , if charges were pressed , they were something like disorderly conduct or something light , " he added . "  They would say , ` They 're just teenagers messing around . ' " Suffolk Deputy Chief Kevin Fallon acknowledged that with the growth of the county 's Spanish-speaking population , officers had trouble communicating with crime victims . But Fallon denied that the police fostered a climate that encouraged hate crimes . "  It 's important to know that the Department of Justice came in to look at that allegation , " he said , "  and there was no finding on their part . " Fallon said some undocumented immigrants might have been reluctant to report crimes because of their legal status . But the 2,000-officer department wants the message out that "  their status is not a factor for us . " "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction , " he said , referring to police and community relations . "  It 's going to take a long time to get that trust back . " ` We 're not going to let this happen again ' On Main Street in Patchogue , a quiet village of about 12,000 people on the south shore of Long Island , four men from El Salvador and Honduras sitting in a laundromat said they believe some things have changed , while others have not , after the Lucero slaying . "  The police treat you a little better , " said one man , declining to give his name . "  You do n't see small groups of kids hanging around like before , " said another . "  There are more police around . " "  But you know you 're still not safe out alone at night , " said a third . Verbal and physical assaults against immigrants continue , including , the men said , a recent stabbing of a Latino immigrant outside a deli in Bellport by a group of men armed with bats and knives . But the police are more attentive to Latinos , occasionally picking up men walking home alone at night and dropping them off at their destinations , they said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by immigration opponents who found sympathetic ears in the area , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report one year after Lucero 's killing . Former County Executive Steve Levy , an anti-immigration firebrand who employed measures seen as hostile toward Latinos , has been singled out by advocates and immigrants alike as an enabler of the hate . "  Suffolk County became ground zero for the anti-immigrant movement and it threw up a sign saying we 're a county of intolerance , " said Luis Valenzuela , executive director of the Long Island Immigrant Alliance . For decades , the influx of undocumented immigrants in Suffolk generated anger and tension in the neighborhood . Recent arrivals said longtime residents make sharp distinctions between assimilated immigrants who 've been here for a generation or two and those who arrived more recently . Those are perceived as a threat to local jobs and the quality of life . In recent decades , thousands of immigrants from Latin America have arrived on Long Island . Patchogue 's Latino population has risen steadily , with Ecuadoreans making up the largest group , according to advocates . The hostility and attacks predated the Lucero slaying . In 2001 , two Mexican day laborers were nearly beaten to death . In 2003 , the home of a Mexican family was burned down . Both incidents occurred in the nearby town of Farmingville . "  That was a learning moment for schools and communties to address that issue , and they did n't want to , " said Regina Casale , who teaches Spanish in the Suffolk County schools . "  They swept it under the carpet . Across the board everybody failed at that moment . " Moving on Seven students from Patchogue-Medford High School were arrested and convicted in Lucero 's death . One of them , Jeffrey Conroy , who was 17 and a star athlete at the time of the attack , is serving a 25-year sentence for manslaughter as a hate crime . Six others pleaded guilty and are serving sentences of between five and eight years . "  When this happened , you heard the teachers , the parents saying we did n't know this was going on , " Casale said of Lucero 's death . "  But all the kids knew . And there 's still no visible youth movement saying , ` Let 's talk about this . We 're not going to let this happen again . ' " Two years ago , federal authorities recommended changes to promote trust between police and Latinos , including "  enhanced training and investigation of allegations of hate crimes and bias incidents , meaningful access to police services for individuals with limited English proficiency , " the Justice Department said in a statement when the settlement was announced . The Justice Department would monitor the county 's compliance for at least a year . "  All residents of Suffolk County deserve full and unbiased police protection , regardless of national origin , race , or citizenship status , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch . Marcelo Lucero , who was 37 when he died and worked in a dry cleaning store , is remembered in a scholarship awarded each year by a nonprofit for whom his brother now works . Every year , Joselo Lucero and community leaders hold a vigil at the intersection near the Patchogue train station where Lucero died . In 2010 , the corner was renamed Unity Place . Lucero travels around in his brother 's old car , giving talks against bullying and hate crimes at schools around the region . Two students at Patchogue-Medford High School have been awarded the scholarship bearing his brother 's name , but Lucero still has n't been invited to speak there . "  The guys who killed my brother still have friends in the school , " he said . "  They want to avoid any problems . " Said Casale , who teaches Spanish at a junior high school : "  It 's almost like the county wants damage control rather than to take responsibility . They want this to go away . "	His death triggered a federal investigation in Suffolk County
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- In the December chill of Long Island , Joselo Lucero stands on the spot where seven teenagers attacked his brother and another Hispanic man five years ago as part of the pastime they made out of hunting and beating up Latinos . His brother , Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , was fatally stabbed by one of the attackers in a sport authorities say the youths referred to as "  beaner hopping . " Authorities called it a hate crime . Lucero points to a patch of grass near the Long Island Rail Road station in this waterfront village where the confrontation began on the night of November 8 , 2008 . There was the spot where a knife pierced Marcelo 's chest ; the house where his cries for help went unheeded ; the fence where his body crumpled and bled to death . "  For me , it 's a symbol , " Lucero , 38 , said . "  That was the end of something , but it was the beginning of the change . A regular person , bleeding ... stood up and fought for what was right . " Another step in that change came Tuesday when Suffolk County legislators voted 14-0 , with four absent , for an agreement that gives the U.S. Justice Department rare oversight of the Suffolk County police . County officials later said another vote was taken with three of the absent legislators present , and the settlement was approved 17-0 . The 27-page agreement settles a federal investigation of discriminatory policing in immigrant communities in Suffolk , one of the nation 's largest suburbs and home to ritzy East Hampton . That investigation was triggered by the 2008 hate crime , which fueled international outcry and exposed a pattern of anti-immigrant violence and what community leaders called police inaction . The agreement calls for additional police training , accountability and outreach to Latinos ; better tracking of hate crimes and police discrimination ; regular meetings with Latino leaders ; and more bilingual officers . The settlement does not cite wrongdoing or specific problems with the Police Department or its policies , even though the Justice Department inquiry found that police helped created a climate where hate crimes went unreported and officers routinely ignored bias attacks . "  The cops that looked the other way are still there , " said Patrick Young , a lawyer and program director at the Central American Refugee Center . "  The real issue is , Can they reconstruct the culture of the police so that police do not look the other way ? We feel they have done a good job of making the police more accountable . " A step forward For Joselo Lucero and others , the settlement is a tiny step for a county trying desperately to shed its reputation as a bastion of anti-immigrant fear and resentment . "  Let 's not be hypocrites , " Lucero told CNN . "  Who were the police officers who did not follow up on these crimes ? Why should I believe these people will change ? No one has been named in connection with these cover ups . " After the Marcelo Lucero slaying , dozens of immigrants told federal and county officials about hate crimes they suffered and reports made to officers who failed to investigate , according to Foster Maer , senior litigation counsel for LatinoJustice PRLDEF , formerly called the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund . Maer believes the Justice Department failed by not investigating these other alleged crimes reported by the county 's Latino community as part of its settlement with Suffolk . That failure , according to Maer , has deprived immigrants of the truth and the entire community of a "  critical learning moment , " said Maer , whose Manhattan-based advocacy group first took the allegations to federal investigators . The group will ask the Justice Department and Suffolk officials to sign another agreement calling on the county to investigate unsolved hate crimes and establish why previous attacks were ignored . Amol Sinha , director of the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said the young men who preyed on immigrants did not fear any consequences . "  There were instances leading up to that terrible night where kids were out ` beaner hopping ' and beating up who they perceived to be undocumented immigrants and never got more than a slap on the wrist , " Sinha said . "  So often the police would leave them alone or encourage people not to press charges or , if charges were pressed , they were something like disorderly conduct or something light , " he added . "  They would say , ` They 're just teenagers messing around . ' " Suffolk Deputy Chief Kevin Fallon acknowledged that with the growth of the county 's Spanish-speaking population , officers had trouble communicating with crime victims . But Fallon denied that the police fostered a climate that encouraged hate crimes . "  It 's important to know that the Department of Justice came in to look at that allegation , " he said , "  and there was no finding on their part . " Fallon said some undocumented immigrants might have been reluctant to report crimes because of their legal status . But the 2,000-officer department wants the message out that "  their status is not a factor for us . " "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction , " he said , referring to police and community relations . "  It 's going to take a long time to get that trust back . " ` We 're not going to let this happen again ' On Main Street in Patchogue , a quiet village of about 12,000 people on the south shore of Long Island , four men from El Salvador and Honduras sitting in a laundromat said they believe some things have changed , while others have not , after the Lucero slaying . "  The police treat you a little better , " said one man , declining to give his name . "  You do n't see small groups of kids hanging around like before , " said another . "  There are more police around . " "  But you know you 're still not safe out alone at night , " said a third . Verbal and physical assaults against immigrants continue , including , the men said , a recent stabbing of a Latino immigrant outside a deli in Bellport by a group of men armed with bats and knives . But the police are more attentive to Latinos , occasionally picking up men walking home alone at night and dropping them off at their destinations , they said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by immigration opponents who found sympathetic ears in the area , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report one year after Lucero 's killing . Former County Executive Steve Levy , an anti-immigration firebrand who employed measures seen as hostile toward Latinos , has been singled out by advocates and immigrants alike as an enabler of the hate . "  Suffolk County became ground zero for the anti-immigrant movement and it threw up a sign saying we 're a county of intolerance , " said Luis Valenzuela , executive director of the Long Island Immigrant Alliance . For decades , the influx of undocumented immigrants in Suffolk generated anger and tension in the neighborhood . Recent arrivals said longtime residents make sharp distinctions between assimilated immigrants who 've been here for a generation or two and those who arrived more recently . Those are perceived as a threat to local jobs and the quality of life . In recent decades , thousands of immigrants from Latin America have arrived on Long Island . Patchogue 's Latino population has risen steadily , with Ecuadoreans making up the largest group , according to advocates . The hostility and attacks predated the Lucero slaying . In 2001 , two Mexican day laborers were nearly beaten to death . In 2003 , the home of a Mexican family was burned down . Both incidents occurred in the nearby town of Farmingville . "  That was a learning moment for schools and communties to address that issue , and they did n't want to , " said Regina Casale , who teaches Spanish in the Suffolk County schools . "  They swept it under the carpet . Across the board everybody failed at that moment . " Moving on Seven students from Patchogue-Medford High School were arrested and convicted in Lucero 's death . One of them , Jeffrey Conroy , who was 17 and a star athlete at the time of the attack , is serving a 25-year sentence for manslaughter as a hate crime . Six others pleaded guilty and are serving sentences of between five and eight years . "  When this happened , you heard the teachers , the parents saying we did n't know this was going on , " Casale said of Lucero 's death . "  But all the kids knew . And there 's still no visible youth movement saying , ` Let 's talk about this . We 're not going to let this happen again . ' " Two years ago , federal authorities recommended changes to promote trust between police and Latinos , including "  enhanced training and investigation of allegations of hate crimes and bias incidents , meaningful access to police services for individuals with limited English proficiency , " the Justice Department said in a statement when the settlement was announced . The Justice Department would monitor the county 's compliance for at least a year . "  All residents of Suffolk County deserve full and unbiased police protection , regardless of national origin , race , or citizenship status , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch . Marcelo Lucero , who was 37 when he died and worked in a dry cleaning store , is remembered in a scholarship awarded each year by a nonprofit for whom his brother now works . Every year , Joselo Lucero and community leaders hold a vigil at the intersection near the Patchogue train station where Lucero died . In 2010 , the corner was renamed Unity Place . Lucero travels around in his brother 's old car , giving talks against bullying and hate crimes at schools around the region . Two students at Patchogue-Medford High School have been awarded the scholarship bearing his brother 's name , but Lucero still has n't been invited to speak there . "  The guys who killed my brother still have friends in the school , " he said . "  They want to avoid any problems . " Said Casale , who teaches Spanish at a junior high school : "  It 's almost like the county wants damage control rather than to take responsibility . They want this to go away . "	County leaders have voted unanimously for Justice Department oversight of police
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- In the December chill of Long Island , Joselo Lucero stands on the spot where seven teenagers attacked his brother and another Hispanic man five years ago as part of the pastime they made out of hunting and beating up Latinos . His brother , Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , was fatally stabbed by one of the attackers in a sport authorities say the youths referred to as "  beaner hopping . " Authorities called it a hate crime . Lucero points to a patch of grass near the Long Island Rail Road station in this waterfront village where the confrontation began on the night of November 8 , 2008 . There was the spot where a knife pierced Marcelo 's chest ; the house where his cries for help went unheeded ; the fence where his body crumpled and bled to death . "  For me , it 's a symbol , " Lucero , 38 , said . "  That was the end of something , but it was the beginning of the change . A regular person , bleeding ... stood up and fought for what was right . " Another step in that change came Tuesday when Suffolk County legislators voted 14-0 , with four absent , for an agreement that gives the U.S. Justice Department rare oversight of the Suffolk County police . County officials later said another vote was taken with three of the absent legislators present , and the settlement was approved 17-0 . The 27-page agreement settles a federal investigation of discriminatory policing in immigrant communities in Suffolk , one of the nation 's largest suburbs and home to ritzy East Hampton . That investigation was triggered by the 2008 hate crime , which fueled international outcry and exposed a pattern of anti-immigrant violence and what community leaders called police inaction . The agreement calls for additional police training , accountability and outreach to Latinos ; better tracking of hate crimes and police discrimination ; regular meetings with Latino leaders ; and more bilingual officers . The settlement does not cite wrongdoing or specific problems with the Police Department or its policies , even though the Justice Department inquiry found that police helped created a climate where hate crimes went unreported and officers routinely ignored bias attacks . "  The cops that looked the other way are still there , " said Patrick Young , a lawyer and program director at the Central American Refugee Center . "  The real issue is , Can they reconstruct the culture of the police so that police do not look the other way ? We feel they have done a good job of making the police more accountable . " A step forward For Joselo Lucero and others , the settlement is a tiny step for a county trying desperately to shed its reputation as a bastion of anti-immigrant fear and resentment . "  Let 's not be hypocrites , " Lucero told CNN . "  Who were the police officers who did not follow up on these crimes ? Why should I believe these people will change ? No one has been named in connection with these cover ups . " After the Marcelo Lucero slaying , dozens of immigrants told federal and county officials about hate crimes they suffered and reports made to officers who failed to investigate , according to Foster Maer , senior litigation counsel for LatinoJustice PRLDEF , formerly called the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund . Maer believes the Justice Department failed by not investigating these other alleged crimes reported by the county 's Latino community as part of its settlement with Suffolk . That failure , according to Maer , has deprived immigrants of the truth and the entire community of a "  critical learning moment , " said Maer , whose Manhattan-based advocacy group first took the allegations to federal investigators . The group will ask the Justice Department and Suffolk officials to sign another agreement calling on the county to investigate unsolved hate crimes and establish why previous attacks were ignored . Amol Sinha , director of the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said the young men who preyed on immigrants did not fear any consequences . "  There were instances leading up to that terrible night where kids were out ` beaner hopping ' and beating up who they perceived to be undocumented immigrants and never got more than a slap on the wrist , " Sinha said . "  So often the police would leave them alone or encourage people not to press charges or , if charges were pressed , they were something like disorderly conduct or something light , " he added . "  They would say , ` They 're just teenagers messing around . ' " Suffolk Deputy Chief Kevin Fallon acknowledged that with the growth of the county 's Spanish-speaking population , officers had trouble communicating with crime victims . But Fallon denied that the police fostered a climate that encouraged hate crimes . "  It 's important to know that the Department of Justice came in to look at that allegation , " he said , "  and there was no finding on their part . " Fallon said some undocumented immigrants might have been reluctant to report crimes because of their legal status . But the 2,000-officer department wants the message out that "  their status is not a factor for us . " "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction , " he said , referring to police and community relations . "  It 's going to take a long time to get that trust back . " ` We 're not going to let this happen again ' On Main Street in Patchogue , a quiet village of about 12,000 people on the south shore of Long Island , four men from El Salvador and Honduras sitting in a laundromat said they believe some things have changed , while others have not , after the Lucero slaying . "  The police treat you a little better , " said one man , declining to give his name . "  You do n't see small groups of kids hanging around like before , " said another . "  There are more police around . " "  But you know you 're still not safe out alone at night , " said a third . Verbal and physical assaults against immigrants continue , including , the men said , a recent stabbing of a Latino immigrant outside a deli in Bellport by a group of men armed with bats and knives . But the police are more attentive to Latinos , occasionally picking up men walking home alone at night and dropping them off at their destinations , they said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by immigration opponents who found sympathetic ears in the area , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report one year after Lucero 's killing . Former County Executive Steve Levy , an anti-immigration firebrand who employed measures seen as hostile toward Latinos , has been singled out by advocates and immigrants alike as an enabler of the hate . "  Suffolk County became ground zero for the anti-immigrant movement and it threw up a sign saying we 're a county of intolerance , " said Luis Valenzuela , executive director of the Long Island Immigrant Alliance . For decades , the influx of undocumented immigrants in Suffolk generated anger and tension in the neighborhood . Recent arrivals said longtime residents make sharp distinctions between assimilated immigrants who 've been here for a generation or two and those who arrived more recently . Those are perceived as a threat to local jobs and the quality of life . In recent decades , thousands of immigrants from Latin America have arrived on Long Island . Patchogue 's Latino population has risen steadily , with Ecuadoreans making up the largest group , according to advocates . The hostility and attacks predated the Lucero slaying . In 2001 , two Mexican day laborers were nearly beaten to death . In 2003 , the home of a Mexican family was burned down . Both incidents occurred in the nearby town of Farmingville . "  That was a learning moment for schools and communties to address that issue , and they did n't want to , " said Regina Casale , who teaches Spanish in the Suffolk County schools . "  They swept it under the carpet . Across the board everybody failed at that moment . " Moving on Seven students from Patchogue-Medford High School were arrested and convicted in Lucero 's death . One of them , Jeffrey Conroy , who was 17 and a star athlete at the time of the attack , is serving a 25-year sentence for manslaughter as a hate crime . Six others pleaded guilty and are serving sentences of between five and eight years . "  When this happened , you heard the teachers , the parents saying we did n't know this was going on , " Casale said of Lucero 's death . "  But all the kids knew . And there 's still no visible youth movement saying , ` Let 's talk about this . We 're not going to let this happen again . ' " Two years ago , federal authorities recommended changes to promote trust between police and Latinos , including "  enhanced training and investigation of allegations of hate crimes and bias incidents , meaningful access to police services for individuals with limited English proficiency , " the Justice Department said in a statement when the settlement was announced . The Justice Department would monitor the county 's compliance for at least a year . "  All residents of Suffolk County deserve full and unbiased police protection , regardless of national origin , race , or citizenship status , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch . Marcelo Lucero , who was 37 when he died and worked in a dry cleaning store , is remembered in a scholarship awarded each year by a nonprofit for whom his brother now works . Every year , Joselo Lucero and community leaders hold a vigil at the intersection near the Patchogue train station where Lucero died . In 2010 , the corner was renamed Unity Place . Lucero travels around in his brother 's old car , giving talks against bullying and hate crimes at schools around the region . Two students at Patchogue-Medford High School have been awarded the scholarship bearing his brother 's name , but Lucero still has n't been invited to speak there . "  The guys who killed my brother still have friends in the school , " he said . "  They want to avoid any problems . " Said Casale , who teaches Spanish at a junior high school : "  It 's almost like the county wants damage control rather than to take responsibility . They want this to go away . "	Suffolk deputy chief : "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction "
CNN  -- A British woman beheaded in an apparently random supermarket attack in Spain 's Canary Islands has been identified as grandmother Jennifer Mills-Westley . She was retired and living between Tenerife in the Canary Islands and France , where a daughter and grandchildren live , her family said in a statement Saturday . "  She was full of life , generous of heart , would do anything for anyone , " said her daughter , who was only identified as Sarah . The family is "  devastated by the news of her death , " her daughter said . "  We now have to find a way of living without her love and light , " she added . Mills-Westley was a retired county council worker in Norfolk , eastern England , council leader Derrick Murphy told CNN . Murphy said he did not know her personally , having joined the council after she retired , but that he planned to have current and former council employees put together a tribute to her . A knife-wielding man attacked a Mills-Westley in a supermarket , eventually cutting off her head and running away with it , government officials in Tenerife said Friday . The man entered a shopping center in the town of Arona , in the Cristianos area of Tenerife , and stole a knife from the supermarket before attacking the apparent stranger , a central government spokeswoman said . Shopping center security guards were alerted and chased the man , subduing him until police arrived . The man , whom national police in Tenerife identified as a Bulgarian , was apparently known in the shopping area , the government spokeswoman said . The British Foreign Office confirmed Friday that a British national had died in Tenerife . British officials there are in contact with Spanish authorities about the incident , the Foreign Office said . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Jennifer Mills-Westley was "  generous of heart , " her daughter says
CNN  -- A British woman beheaded in an apparently random supermarket attack in Spain 's Canary Islands has been identified as grandmother Jennifer Mills-Westley . She was retired and living between Tenerife in the Canary Islands and France , where a daughter and grandchildren live , her family said in a statement Saturday . "  She was full of life , generous of heart , would do anything for anyone , " said her daughter , who was only identified as Sarah . The family is "  devastated by the news of her death , " her daughter said . "  We now have to find a way of living without her love and light , " she added . Mills-Westley was a retired county council worker in Norfolk , eastern England , council leader Derrick Murphy told CNN . Murphy said he did not know her personally , having joined the council after she retired , but that he planned to have current and former council employees put together a tribute to her . A knife-wielding man attacked a Mills-Westley in a supermarket , eventually cutting off her head and running away with it , government officials in Tenerife said Friday . The man entered a shopping center in the town of Arona , in the Cristianos area of Tenerife , and stole a knife from the supermarket before attacking the apparent stranger , a central government spokeswoman said . Shopping center security guards were alerted and chased the man , subduing him until police arrived . The man , whom national police in Tenerife identified as a Bulgarian , was apparently known in the shopping area , the government spokeswoman said . The British Foreign Office confirmed Friday that a British national had died in Tenerife . British officials there are in contact with Spanish authorities about the incident , the Foreign Office said . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	She was killed in an apparently random attack in Spain
CNN  -- A British woman beheaded in an apparently random supermarket attack in Spain 's Canary Islands has been identified as grandmother Jennifer Mills-Westley . She was retired and living between Tenerife in the Canary Islands and France , where a daughter and grandchildren live , her family said in a statement Saturday . "  She was full of life , generous of heart , would do anything for anyone , " said her daughter , who was only identified as Sarah . The family is "  devastated by the news of her death , " her daughter said . "  We now have to find a way of living without her love and light , " she added . Mills-Westley was a retired county council worker in Norfolk , eastern England , council leader Derrick Murphy told CNN . Murphy said he did not know her personally , having joined the council after she retired , but that he planned to have current and former council employees put together a tribute to her . A knife-wielding man attacked a Mills-Westley in a supermarket , eventually cutting off her head and running away with it , government officials in Tenerife said Friday . The man entered a shopping center in the town of Arona , in the Cristianos area of Tenerife , and stole a knife from the supermarket before attacking the apparent stranger , a central government spokeswoman said . Shopping center security guards were alerted and chased the man , subduing him until police arrived . The man , whom national police in Tenerife identified as a Bulgarian , was apparently known in the shopping area , the government spokeswoman said . The British Foreign Office confirmed Friday that a British national had died in Tenerife . British officials there are in contact with Spanish authorities about the incident , the Foreign Office said . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	A man stole a knife , then cut off her head with it
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli navy took control of a boat that violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said , while a Gaza group said the ship was carrying humanitarian aid , a former U.S. congresswoman and a Nobel laureate . Cynthia McKinney reportedly is asking the international community to demand the crew 's release . The boat 's crew included former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , according to the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the boat it calls "  Spirit of Humanity " from Cyprus . Along with McKinney , who served six terms in the House of Representatives from Georgia and was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2008 , Israeli authorities took 20 people into custody , the group said . Also aboard , the group said , was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for their work . IDF said the Israeli navy contacted the boat , which it called the Arion , while it was still at sea and warned the crew they would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " Disregarding all warnings , the boat entered Gazan coastal waters , IDF said . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the boat , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , IDF said . The boat 's crew , the military said , would "  be handed over to the proper authorities . " Without naming individuals on the boat , IDF confirmed the incident it described was the same one detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " before authorities confiscated cell phones . "  President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do . We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey , " McKinney said , according to the group . McKinney 's father , former Georgia state legislator Billy McKinney of Atlanta , said he received a call from his daughter about 3 a.m. Tuesday . She told him "  I 'm OK . I 'm OK , " then hung up as Israeli military began to board the ship , Billy McKinney said . He added that the U.S. State Department gave his family a contact with the U.S. Embassy in Israel but by Tuesday night the family had not heard anything back from the embassy . IDF said the aid aboard the boat would be delivered to Gaza "  subject to authorization . " "  Any organization or country that wishes to transfer humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip can legally do so via the established crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip with prior coordination , " IDF said . Free Gaza said the Spirit of Humanity voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January and December 2008 .	Free Gaza Movement says its boat was taking aid to Gaza
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli navy took control of a boat that violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said , while a Gaza group said the ship was carrying humanitarian aid , a former U.S. congresswoman and a Nobel laureate . Cynthia McKinney reportedly is asking the international community to demand the crew 's release . The boat 's crew included former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , according to the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the boat it calls "  Spirit of Humanity " from Cyprus . Along with McKinney , who served six terms in the House of Representatives from Georgia and was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2008 , Israeli authorities took 20 people into custody , the group said . Also aboard , the group said , was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for their work . IDF said the Israeli navy contacted the boat , which it called the Arion , while it was still at sea and warned the crew they would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " Disregarding all warnings , the boat entered Gazan coastal waters , IDF said . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the boat , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , IDF said . The boat 's crew , the military said , would "  be handed over to the proper authorities . " Without naming individuals on the boat , IDF confirmed the incident it described was the same one detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " before authorities confiscated cell phones . "  President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do . We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey , " McKinney said , according to the group . McKinney 's father , former Georgia state legislator Billy McKinney of Atlanta , said he received a call from his daughter about 3 a.m. Tuesday . She told him "  I 'm OK . I 'm OK , " then hung up as Israeli military began to board the ship , Billy McKinney said . He added that the U.S. State Department gave his family a contact with the U.S. Embassy in Israel but by Tuesday night the family had not heard anything back from the embassy . IDF said the aid aboard the boat would be delivered to Gaza "  subject to authorization . " "  Any organization or country that wishes to transfer humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip can legally do so via the established crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip with prior coordination , " IDF said . Free Gaza said the Spirit of Humanity voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January and December 2008 .	Israel says it warned boat not to ignore naval blockade
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli navy took control of a boat that violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said , while a Gaza group said the ship was carrying humanitarian aid , a former U.S. congresswoman and a Nobel laureate . Cynthia McKinney reportedly is asking the international community to demand the crew 's release . The boat 's crew included former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , according to the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the boat it calls "  Spirit of Humanity " from Cyprus . Along with McKinney , who served six terms in the House of Representatives from Georgia and was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2008 , Israeli authorities took 20 people into custody , the group said . Also aboard , the group said , was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for their work . IDF said the Israeli navy contacted the boat , which it called the Arion , while it was still at sea and warned the crew they would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " Disregarding all warnings , the boat entered Gazan coastal waters , IDF said . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the boat , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , IDF said . The boat 's crew , the military said , would "  be handed over to the proper authorities . " Without naming individuals on the boat , IDF confirmed the incident it described was the same one detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " before authorities confiscated cell phones . "  President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do . We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey , " McKinney said , according to the group . McKinney 's father , former Georgia state legislator Billy McKinney of Atlanta , said he received a call from his daughter about 3 a.m. Tuesday . She told him "  I 'm OK . I 'm OK , " then hung up as Israeli military began to board the ship , Billy McKinney said . He added that the U.S. State Department gave his family a contact with the U.S. Embassy in Israel but by Tuesday night the family had not heard anything back from the embassy . IDF said the aid aboard the boat would be delivered to Gaza "  subject to authorization . " "  Any organization or country that wishes to transfer humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip can legally do so via the established crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip with prior coordination , " IDF said . Free Gaza said the Spirit of Humanity voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January and December 2008 .	Cynthia McKinney , Nobel laureate Mairead Maguire among boat 's crew
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli navy took control of a boat that violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said , while a Gaza group said the ship was carrying humanitarian aid , a former U.S. congresswoman and a Nobel laureate . Cynthia McKinney reportedly is asking the international community to demand the crew 's release . The boat 's crew included former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , according to the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the boat it calls "  Spirit of Humanity " from Cyprus . Along with McKinney , who served six terms in the House of Representatives from Georgia and was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2008 , Israeli authorities took 20 people into custody , the group said . Also aboard , the group said , was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for their work . IDF said the Israeli navy contacted the boat , which it called the Arion , while it was still at sea and warned the crew they would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " Disregarding all warnings , the boat entered Gazan coastal waters , IDF said . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the boat , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , IDF said . The boat 's crew , the military said , would "  be handed over to the proper authorities . " Without naming individuals on the boat , IDF confirmed the incident it described was the same one detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " before authorities confiscated cell phones . "  President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do . We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey , " McKinney said , according to the group . McKinney 's father , former Georgia state legislator Billy McKinney of Atlanta , said he received a call from his daughter about 3 a.m. Tuesday . She told him "  I 'm OK . I 'm OK , " then hung up as Israeli military began to board the ship , Billy McKinney said . He added that the U.S. State Department gave his family a contact with the U.S. Embassy in Israel but by Tuesday night the family had not heard anything back from the embassy . IDF said the aid aboard the boat would be delivered to Gaza "  subject to authorization . " "  Any organization or country that wishes to transfer humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip can legally do so via the established crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip with prior coordination , " IDF said . Free Gaza said the Spirit of Humanity voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January and December 2008 .	Military says aid aboard boat will be delivered "  subject to authorization "
CNN  The A320 , the aircraft involved in a crash in France on Tuesday , has for several decades been a key component in the rivalry between manufacturers Airbus and Boeing . The twin-engined A320 entered service in 1988 , some two decades after its single-aisle rival , Boeing 's 737 . As of March 2015 , there have been a total of 11,537 orders for the A320 , with 6,452 deliveries to date and slightly fewer aircraft flying globally by more than 300 operators . Airbus says the entire fleet has accumulated 150 million flight hours in more than 85 million flights . The A320 family ranges from the smaller A318  about 100 seats  , to the upgraded A321  about 185 to 220 passengers depending on the class configuration  . The short to medium-range A320 is the most popular version with a range of about 3,300 nautical miles or 6,150 kilometers . It has a wingspan of 35.8 meters  with wing fins called sharklets  , a length of 37.57 meters and a maximum payload of 16.6 tonnes , according to Airbus . The aircraft -- Flight 9525 -- involved in Tuesday 's crash was operated by Germanwings , a subsidiary of German flag carrier Lufthansa . Airbus said the 150-seat aircraft , which had been flying between Barcelona , Spain and Dusseldorf , Germany , was 24 years old , having been delivered to Lufthansa from its production line in 1991 . It said the A320 had accumulated approximately 58,300 flight hours in 46,700 flights . It was powered by CFM 56-5A1 turbofan engines , the latest versions of which are capable of delivering up to 33,000 pounds of thrust . The aircraft manufacturer said it was sending a "  go-team of technical advisers " to assist French authorities at the scene of the crash . Germanwings ' fleet includes 15 active A320s , according to another database , planespotters.net . The A320-200 can seat up to 180 passengers in a single-class configuration . The Germanwings plane was carrying 150 people , including six crew members . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 55 incidents involving the A320 , not including Tuesday 's crash . In December 2014 , an Airbus A320 operated by AirAsia Indonesia crashed into the Java Sea en route from Surabaya , Indonesia to Singapore . All 162 people on board Flight QZ8501 were killed . "  The A320 has a fantastic safety record , " said Phil Seymour , the president of the International Bureau of Aviation . "  There have been a couple of incidents , but generally speaking , they 're safer than most aircraft out there now . " Seymour adds that at 24 years old , the aircraft involved in the crash was probably nearing the final years of its working life , but that would not affect safety . "  Airlines would usually consider retiring an aircraft at the 25-30 years point because maintenance costs increase beyond that . "  These things fly day-in and day-out and are designed to go on and on . Airlines usually only decide to retire them because maybe there 's a younger aircraft that does n't use as much fuel and does n't cost so much to run . " The A320 is a twin engine single aisle aircraft seating 150 passengers in a standard two classes configuration . The first A320 entered service in March 1988 . By the end of February 2015 nearly 6,200 A320 Family aircraft were in operation worldwide . To date , the entire fleet has accumulated some 150 million flight hours in over 85 million flights . The worst A320 incident in terms of fatalities was the 2007 crash of a TAM Linhas Aereas plane that killed all 187 on board , plus a further 12 people on the ground when it failed to stop and went off the runway during landing in Sao Paulo in wet conditions . In 2009 , in an incident known as the "  Miracle on the Hudson , pilot Chesley Sullenberger landed a U.S. Airways A320 on the Hudson River in New York when the plane lost lost power in its engines after hitting a flock of geese . All on board survived . CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	There have been more than 11,000 orders for the Airbus A320 family
CNN  The A320 , the aircraft involved in a crash in France on Tuesday , has for several decades been a key component in the rivalry between manufacturers Airbus and Boeing . The twin-engined A320 entered service in 1988 , some two decades after its single-aisle rival , Boeing 's 737 . As of March 2015 , there have been a total of 11,537 orders for the A320 , with 6,452 deliveries to date and slightly fewer aircraft flying globally by more than 300 operators . Airbus says the entire fleet has accumulated 150 million flight hours in more than 85 million flights . The A320 family ranges from the smaller A318  about 100 seats  , to the upgraded A321  about 185 to 220 passengers depending on the class configuration  . The short to medium-range A320 is the most popular version with a range of about 3,300 nautical miles or 6,150 kilometers . It has a wingspan of 35.8 meters  with wing fins called sharklets  , a length of 37.57 meters and a maximum payload of 16.6 tonnes , according to Airbus . The aircraft -- Flight 9525 -- involved in Tuesday 's crash was operated by Germanwings , a subsidiary of German flag carrier Lufthansa . Airbus said the 150-seat aircraft , which had been flying between Barcelona , Spain and Dusseldorf , Germany , was 24 years old , having been delivered to Lufthansa from its production line in 1991 . It said the A320 had accumulated approximately 58,300 flight hours in 46,700 flights . It was powered by CFM 56-5A1 turbofan engines , the latest versions of which are capable of delivering up to 33,000 pounds of thrust . The aircraft manufacturer said it was sending a "  go-team of technical advisers " to assist French authorities at the scene of the crash . Germanwings ' fleet includes 15 active A320s , according to another database , planespotters.net . The A320-200 can seat up to 180 passengers in a single-class configuration . The Germanwings plane was carrying 150 people , including six crew members . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 55 incidents involving the A320 , not including Tuesday 's crash . In December 2014 , an Airbus A320 operated by AirAsia Indonesia crashed into the Java Sea en route from Surabaya , Indonesia to Singapore . All 162 people on board Flight QZ8501 were killed . "  The A320 has a fantastic safety record , " said Phil Seymour , the president of the International Bureau of Aviation . "  There have been a couple of incidents , but generally speaking , they 're safer than most aircraft out there now . " Seymour adds that at 24 years old , the aircraft involved in the crash was probably nearing the final years of its working life , but that would not affect safety . "  Airlines would usually consider retiring an aircraft at the 25-30 years point because maintenance costs increase beyond that . "  These things fly day-in and day-out and are designed to go on and on . Airlines usually only decide to retire them because maybe there 's a younger aircraft that does n't use as much fuel and does n't cost so much to run . " The A320 is a twin engine single aisle aircraft seating 150 passengers in a standard two classes configuration . The first A320 entered service in March 1988 . By the end of February 2015 nearly 6,200 A320 Family aircraft were in operation worldwide . To date , the entire fleet has accumulated some 150 million flight hours in over 85 million flights . The worst A320 incident in terms of fatalities was the 2007 crash of a TAM Linhas Aereas plane that killed all 187 on board , plus a further 12 people on the ground when it failed to stop and went off the runway during landing in Sao Paulo in wet conditions . In 2009 , in an incident known as the "  Miracle on the Hudson , pilot Chesley Sullenberger landed a U.S. Airways A320 on the Hudson River in New York when the plane lost lost power in its engines after hitting a flock of geese . All on board survived . CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	The plane is the single-aisle rival to Boeing 's 737
CNN  The A320 , the aircraft involved in a crash in France on Tuesday , has for several decades been a key component in the rivalry between manufacturers Airbus and Boeing . The twin-engined A320 entered service in 1988 , some two decades after its single-aisle rival , Boeing 's 737 . As of March 2015 , there have been a total of 11,537 orders for the A320 , with 6,452 deliveries to date and slightly fewer aircraft flying globally by more than 300 operators . Airbus says the entire fleet has accumulated 150 million flight hours in more than 85 million flights . The A320 family ranges from the smaller A318  about 100 seats  , to the upgraded A321  about 185 to 220 passengers depending on the class configuration  . The short to medium-range A320 is the most popular version with a range of about 3,300 nautical miles or 6,150 kilometers . It has a wingspan of 35.8 meters  with wing fins called sharklets  , a length of 37.57 meters and a maximum payload of 16.6 tonnes , according to Airbus . The aircraft -- Flight 9525 -- involved in Tuesday 's crash was operated by Germanwings , a subsidiary of German flag carrier Lufthansa . Airbus said the 150-seat aircraft , which had been flying between Barcelona , Spain and Dusseldorf , Germany , was 24 years old , having been delivered to Lufthansa from its production line in 1991 . It said the A320 had accumulated approximately 58,300 flight hours in 46,700 flights . It was powered by CFM 56-5A1 turbofan engines , the latest versions of which are capable of delivering up to 33,000 pounds of thrust . The aircraft manufacturer said it was sending a "  go-team of technical advisers " to assist French authorities at the scene of the crash . Germanwings ' fleet includes 15 active A320s , according to another database , planespotters.net . The A320-200 can seat up to 180 passengers in a single-class configuration . The Germanwings plane was carrying 150 people , including six crew members . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 55 incidents involving the A320 , not including Tuesday 's crash . In December 2014 , an Airbus A320 operated by AirAsia Indonesia crashed into the Java Sea en route from Surabaya , Indonesia to Singapore . All 162 people on board Flight QZ8501 were killed . "  The A320 has a fantastic safety record , " said Phil Seymour , the president of the International Bureau of Aviation . "  There have been a couple of incidents , but generally speaking , they 're safer than most aircraft out there now . " Seymour adds that at 24 years old , the aircraft involved in the crash was probably nearing the final years of its working life , but that would not affect safety . "  Airlines would usually consider retiring an aircraft at the 25-30 years point because maintenance costs increase beyond that . "  These things fly day-in and day-out and are designed to go on and on . Airlines usually only decide to retire them because maybe there 's a younger aircraft that does n't use as much fuel and does n't cost so much to run . " The A320 is a twin engine single aisle aircraft seating 150 passengers in a standard two classes configuration . The first A320 entered service in March 1988 . By the end of February 2015 nearly 6,200 A320 Family aircraft were in operation worldwide . To date , the entire fleet has accumulated some 150 million flight hours in over 85 million flights . The worst A320 incident in terms of fatalities was the 2007 crash of a TAM Linhas Aereas plane that killed all 187 on board , plus a further 12 people on the ground when it failed to stop and went off the runway during landing in Sao Paulo in wet conditions . In 2009 , in an incident known as the "  Miracle on the Hudson , pilot Chesley Sullenberger landed a U.S. Airways A320 on the Hudson River in New York when the plane lost lost power in its engines after hitting a flock of geese . All on board survived . CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	A320 is "  safer than most aircraft out there now , " says aviation expert
CNN  -- California voters rejected the legalization of marijuana Tuesday , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed Tuesday . They asserted that even if the proposition were to pass , federal law still prohibits individuals and groups from manufacturing , distributing and possessing marijuana for recreational use . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he will continue to enforce that federal law . Opponents also said that driving under the influence of marijuana would be a public threat . Supporters said the measure could have generated tax revenue from the $ 14 billion-a-year marijuana business in California and save the state hundreds of millions of dollars annually by ending the arrests of 61,000 Californians a year for misdemeanor marijuana possession . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Legal cannabis for the rest of us ? A measure that would have legalized medical marijuana in South Dakota also failed , according to another CNN projection based on exit polling . Results were still pending for a similar medical marijuana measure in Arizona . A total of 14 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized marijuana for medical care only . Meanwhile , among the many initiatives on ballots Tuesday , four states -- Utah , Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota -- approved a measure that will guarantee workers the right to vote by secret ballot on whether they want union representation , according to CNN projections based on exit polling . The anti-union measures are considered pre-emptive strikes against a federal legislative proposal that would allow unions to organize workers by relying on sign-up cards instead of secret ballots , The proposed Employee Free Choice Act would allow unions to organize workers with a "  card check . " Business groups have opposed this draft legislation because , they claim , employees could be coerced into checking yes on a card to unionize . Workers rights groups say the proposed "  majority sign-up " law would reduce opportunities for employers to threaten or fire workers wanting a union , said spokeswoman Zoe Bridges-Curry of the advocacy group American Rights at Work . Meanwhile , Colorado voters were projected to reject an anti-abortion amendment that would have defined a "  person " as "  every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being , " according to a CNN analysis of exit poll data . Arizona and Oklahoma voters passed a measure Tuesday allowing residents to opt out of President Barack Obama 's federal health care reform and its requirement that people have insurance , according to a CNN projection based on an analysis of exit poll data . But in Colorado , voters rejected a similar measure that would give voters the option of not participating in the federal health care reforms , including the insurance requirement , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . The approvals were a rebuke of the administration 's controversial health care reforms . Experts question whether such state laws could be implemented because they seek to pre-empt federal law , and the matter could eventually end up in court , said Jennie Bowser , an elections analyst with the conference . Voters in many states cast ballots on other controversial measures Tuesday , including balancing budgets . In all , 37 states offered 160 ballot proposals , and the initiatives had no single unifying theme this November , unlike in 2004 and 2006 , when voters saw same-sex marriage dominate ballots , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Among its nine initiatives , California offered a proposition that could reduce government gridlock by lowering the minimum needed for the legislature to approve a state budget , making it a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority . Only two other states require two-thirds . Among other controversial or interesting measures : Under Rhode Island Question 1 , voters were projected by CNN to reject changing the official state name from "  State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations " to simply "  Rhode Island . " In the wake of scandal in the governor 's office , Illinois voters approved a constitutional amendment  HJRCA 31  that will allow for a recall of a governor and a special election to choose a replacement -- a process that exists in 18 other states . For the measure to pass , the "  yes " votes must total at least 60 percent of those voting on this question or a majority of those voting in the overall election . Arizona voters were projected by CNN to approve Proposition 107 , which called for an affirmative action/discrimination ban . The amendment to the state constitution would prohibit the state from granting preferential treatment or discriminating against any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , skin color , ethnicity or national origin .	California voters reject legalizing marijuana , CNN projects
CNN  -- California voters rejected the legalization of marijuana Tuesday , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed Tuesday . They asserted that even if the proposition were to pass , federal law still prohibits individuals and groups from manufacturing , distributing and possessing marijuana for recreational use . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he will continue to enforce that federal law . Opponents also said that driving under the influence of marijuana would be a public threat . Supporters said the measure could have generated tax revenue from the $ 14 billion-a-year marijuana business in California and save the state hundreds of millions of dollars annually by ending the arrests of 61,000 Californians a year for misdemeanor marijuana possession . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Legal cannabis for the rest of us ? A measure that would have legalized medical marijuana in South Dakota also failed , according to another CNN projection based on exit polling . Results were still pending for a similar medical marijuana measure in Arizona . A total of 14 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized marijuana for medical care only . Meanwhile , among the many initiatives on ballots Tuesday , four states -- Utah , Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota -- approved a measure that will guarantee workers the right to vote by secret ballot on whether they want union representation , according to CNN projections based on exit polling . The anti-union measures are considered pre-emptive strikes against a federal legislative proposal that would allow unions to organize workers by relying on sign-up cards instead of secret ballots , The proposed Employee Free Choice Act would allow unions to organize workers with a "  card check . " Business groups have opposed this draft legislation because , they claim , employees could be coerced into checking yes on a card to unionize . Workers rights groups say the proposed "  majority sign-up " law would reduce opportunities for employers to threaten or fire workers wanting a union , said spokeswoman Zoe Bridges-Curry of the advocacy group American Rights at Work . Meanwhile , Colorado voters were projected to reject an anti-abortion amendment that would have defined a "  person " as "  every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being , " according to a CNN analysis of exit poll data . Arizona and Oklahoma voters passed a measure Tuesday allowing residents to opt out of President Barack Obama 's federal health care reform and its requirement that people have insurance , according to a CNN projection based on an analysis of exit poll data . But in Colorado , voters rejected a similar measure that would give voters the option of not participating in the federal health care reforms , including the insurance requirement , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . The approvals were a rebuke of the administration 's controversial health care reforms . Experts question whether such state laws could be implemented because they seek to pre-empt federal law , and the matter could eventually end up in court , said Jennie Bowser , an elections analyst with the conference . Voters in many states cast ballots on other controversial measures Tuesday , including balancing budgets . In all , 37 states offered 160 ballot proposals , and the initiatives had no single unifying theme this November , unlike in 2004 and 2006 , when voters saw same-sex marriage dominate ballots , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Among its nine initiatives , California offered a proposition that could reduce government gridlock by lowering the minimum needed for the legislature to approve a state budget , making it a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority . Only two other states require two-thirds . Among other controversial or interesting measures : Under Rhode Island Question 1 , voters were projected by CNN to reject changing the official state name from "  State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations " to simply "  Rhode Island . " In the wake of scandal in the governor 's office , Illinois voters approved a constitutional amendment  HJRCA 31  that will allow for a recall of a governor and a special election to choose a replacement -- a process that exists in 18 other states . For the measure to pass , the "  yes " votes must total at least 60 percent of those voting on this question or a majority of those voting in the overall election . Arizona voters were projected by CNN to approve Proposition 107 , which called for an affirmative action/discrimination ban . The amendment to the state constitution would prohibit the state from granting preferential treatment or discriminating against any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , skin color , ethnicity or national origin .	Medical marijuana measure fails in South Dakota , CNN projects
CNN  -- California voters rejected the legalization of marijuana Tuesday , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed Tuesday . They asserted that even if the proposition were to pass , federal law still prohibits individuals and groups from manufacturing , distributing and possessing marijuana for recreational use . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he will continue to enforce that federal law . Opponents also said that driving under the influence of marijuana would be a public threat . Supporters said the measure could have generated tax revenue from the $ 14 billion-a-year marijuana business in California and save the state hundreds of millions of dollars annually by ending the arrests of 61,000 Californians a year for misdemeanor marijuana possession . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Legal cannabis for the rest of us ? A measure that would have legalized medical marijuana in South Dakota also failed , according to another CNN projection based on exit polling . Results were still pending for a similar medical marijuana measure in Arizona . A total of 14 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized marijuana for medical care only . Meanwhile , among the many initiatives on ballots Tuesday , four states -- Utah , Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota -- approved a measure that will guarantee workers the right to vote by secret ballot on whether they want union representation , according to CNN projections based on exit polling . The anti-union measures are considered pre-emptive strikes against a federal legislative proposal that would allow unions to organize workers by relying on sign-up cards instead of secret ballots , The proposed Employee Free Choice Act would allow unions to organize workers with a "  card check . " Business groups have opposed this draft legislation because , they claim , employees could be coerced into checking yes on a card to unionize . Workers rights groups say the proposed "  majority sign-up " law would reduce opportunities for employers to threaten or fire workers wanting a union , said spokeswoman Zoe Bridges-Curry of the advocacy group American Rights at Work . Meanwhile , Colorado voters were projected to reject an anti-abortion amendment that would have defined a "  person " as "  every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being , " according to a CNN analysis of exit poll data . Arizona and Oklahoma voters passed a measure Tuesday allowing residents to opt out of President Barack Obama 's federal health care reform and its requirement that people have insurance , according to a CNN projection based on an analysis of exit poll data . But in Colorado , voters rejected a similar measure that would give voters the option of not participating in the federal health care reforms , including the insurance requirement , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . The approvals were a rebuke of the administration 's controversial health care reforms . Experts question whether such state laws could be implemented because they seek to pre-empt federal law , and the matter could eventually end up in court , said Jennie Bowser , an elections analyst with the conference . Voters in many states cast ballots on other controversial measures Tuesday , including balancing budgets . In all , 37 states offered 160 ballot proposals , and the initiatives had no single unifying theme this November , unlike in 2004 and 2006 , when voters saw same-sex marriage dominate ballots , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Among its nine initiatives , California offered a proposition that could reduce government gridlock by lowering the minimum needed for the legislature to approve a state budget , making it a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority . Only two other states require two-thirds . Among other controversial or interesting measures : Under Rhode Island Question 1 , voters were projected by CNN to reject changing the official state name from "  State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations " to simply "  Rhode Island . " In the wake of scandal in the governor 's office , Illinois voters approved a constitutional amendment  HJRCA 31  that will allow for a recall of a governor and a special election to choose a replacement -- a process that exists in 18 other states . For the measure to pass , the "  yes " votes must total at least 60 percent of those voting on this question or a majority of those voting in the overall election . Arizona voters were projected by CNN to approve Proposition 107 , which called for an affirmative action/discrimination ban . The amendment to the state constitution would prohibit the state from granting preferential treatment or discriminating against any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , skin color , ethnicity or national origin .	Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota approve anti-union measures , CNN projects
CNN  -- California voters rejected the legalization of marijuana Tuesday , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed Tuesday . They asserted that even if the proposition were to pass , federal law still prohibits individuals and groups from manufacturing , distributing and possessing marijuana for recreational use . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he will continue to enforce that federal law . Opponents also said that driving under the influence of marijuana would be a public threat . Supporters said the measure could have generated tax revenue from the $ 14 billion-a-year marijuana business in California and save the state hundreds of millions of dollars annually by ending the arrests of 61,000 Californians a year for misdemeanor marijuana possession . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Legal cannabis for the rest of us ? A measure that would have legalized medical marijuana in South Dakota also failed , according to another CNN projection based on exit polling . Results were still pending for a similar medical marijuana measure in Arizona . A total of 14 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized marijuana for medical care only . Meanwhile , among the many initiatives on ballots Tuesday , four states -- Utah , Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota -- approved a measure that will guarantee workers the right to vote by secret ballot on whether they want union representation , according to CNN projections based on exit polling . The anti-union measures are considered pre-emptive strikes against a federal legislative proposal that would allow unions to organize workers by relying on sign-up cards instead of secret ballots , The proposed Employee Free Choice Act would allow unions to organize workers with a "  card check . " Business groups have opposed this draft legislation because , they claim , employees could be coerced into checking yes on a card to unionize . Workers rights groups say the proposed "  majority sign-up " law would reduce opportunities for employers to threaten or fire workers wanting a union , said spokeswoman Zoe Bridges-Curry of the advocacy group American Rights at Work . Meanwhile , Colorado voters were projected to reject an anti-abortion amendment that would have defined a "  person " as "  every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being , " according to a CNN analysis of exit poll data . Arizona and Oklahoma voters passed a measure Tuesday allowing residents to opt out of President Barack Obama 's federal health care reform and its requirement that people have insurance , according to a CNN projection based on an analysis of exit poll data . But in Colorado , voters rejected a similar measure that would give voters the option of not participating in the federal health care reforms , including the insurance requirement , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . The approvals were a rebuke of the administration 's controversial health care reforms . Experts question whether such state laws could be implemented because they seek to pre-empt federal law , and the matter could eventually end up in court , said Jennie Bowser , an elections analyst with the conference . Voters in many states cast ballots on other controversial measures Tuesday , including balancing budgets . In all , 37 states offered 160 ballot proposals , and the initiatives had no single unifying theme this November , unlike in 2004 and 2006 , when voters saw same-sex marriage dominate ballots , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Among its nine initiatives , California offered a proposition that could reduce government gridlock by lowering the minimum needed for the legislature to approve a state budget , making it a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority . Only two other states require two-thirds . Among other controversial or interesting measures : Under Rhode Island Question 1 , voters were projected by CNN to reject changing the official state name from "  State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations " to simply "  Rhode Island . " In the wake of scandal in the governor 's office , Illinois voters approved a constitutional amendment  HJRCA 31  that will allow for a recall of a governor and a special election to choose a replacement -- a process that exists in 18 other states . For the measure to pass , the "  yes " votes must total at least 60 percent of those voting on this question or a majority of those voting in the overall election . Arizona voters were projected by CNN to approve Proposition 107 , which called for an affirmative action/discrimination ban . The amendment to the state constitution would prohibit the state from granting preferential treatment or discriminating against any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , skin color , ethnicity or national origin .	Colorado rejects definition of "  person " in anti-abortion measure , CNN projects
CNN  -- When the stirring speeches , heavyweight debates and fevered campaigning of the U.S. elections are long forgotten , a handful of far less noble incidents are likely to be our enduring memories of the 2008 White House race . "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . " While the candidates would like us to view their bids for the top job as an honorable battle of wits , policies , values and big issues , the sad truth is that it 's more likely to boil down to a list of gaffes , embarrassments and sideshows . Both Democratic and Republican PR machines have been working hard to keep their campaigns on-script , but with a cast list of John McCain , Barack Obama , Joe Biden , Sarah Palin and the Clintons , they had their work cut out . Alaskan "  hockey mom " Palin 's late arrival undoubtedly stirred things up , adding a dash of vigor as the race lumbered into its final straight , but even before she began stealing the show , there was no shortage of scrapbook moments . Sound off : Which do you think are the most memorable moments from the 2008 election ? In no particular order , here is a selection of some of the best : 1 . Crying game : Back in January 's New Hampshire primaries , Hillary Clinton welled up with emotion , almost crying into her coffee cup during a chat with voters . This unexpected exposure of her human side was credited with winning back some women supporters . Read more 2 . McCain bombs : John McCain displayed rather off-key singing and diplomacy skills when asked if there was a plan to attack Iran back in April 2007 . Changing the words to the classic Beach Boys ' song "  Barbara Ann , " the Arizona senator responded : "  Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran . " Read more 3 . Pastor disaster : Proving once again that religion and politics do n't mix , Barack Obama was forced to distance himself from his former pastor and mentor Jeremiah Wright , after a series of pulpit fulminations in which he made racially-charged criticisms of Hillary Clinton and said of the 9/11 terror attacks : "  American 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Read more 4 . Ramblin ' man : Garrulous "  gaffe machine " Joe Biden got the last word in a primary debate about his tendency to speak his mind and not shut up . Asked if he could hold his tongue enough to "  reassure your voters in this country that you have the discipline you would need on the world stage , " Biden replied succinctly : "  Yes . " Read more 5 . The pig issue : Obama may have been hoping to generate oinks of outrage when he commented in September that McCain 's policies were like "  lipstick on a pig , " after the Arizona senator named Sarah Palin as running mate . The Democratic candidate refused to apologize for what Republicans said was a misogynistic response to Palin 's own claim to be a pitbull in lipstick . You could n't make it up . Read more 6 . Miss-firing : Hillary Clinton had her campaign guns blazing in March when she described the drama of a visit to Bosnia 12 years earlier . "  I remember landing under sniper fire , " she said . Clinton was later forced to admit "  misspeaking " after video footage of the event showed her strolling leisurely from the aircraft . Read more 7 . Ordinary Joe : First there was Joe Biden , then there was Palin 's mythical beer swiller Joe Sixpack and finally there was Joe the Plumber -- just a regular guy worried about his business going down the drain . Despite not actually being a licensed plumber , and not even being called Joe , he has been seized on by McCain as an everyman hero . This endorsement sprung more leaks when Joe failed to appear on cue to a recent McCain event . Read more 8 . Bad business : Neither presidential candidate makes claim to being psychic , but McCain might have done better consulting his tea leaves rather than the advisors who led him to say "  the fundamentals of our economy are strong " on the eve of America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . Read more 9 . Palintology : Her political skills aside , moose-shooting Sarah Palin has been an unfortunately prolific headline generator for the Republican campaign , whether eyeing Russia from her Alaskan home , shopping for suits , stumbling over questions from Katie Couric or introducing her pregnant teenage daughter . Read more 10 . Barack = Britney : Celebrity endorsements are one thing , but McCain 's campaign ad comparing his rival to pop star Britney Spears and heiress Paris Hilton was seen by at least one person as taking things a little too far . A swimsuit-clad Hilton responded by launching her own campaign for the presidency : "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . Only I 'm not from the olden days and I 'm not promising change like that other guy . I 'm just hot ! " Read more	Most memorable election moments likely to include gaffes and embarrassments
CNN  -- When the stirring speeches , heavyweight debates and fevered campaigning of the U.S. elections are long forgotten , a handful of far less noble incidents are likely to be our enduring memories of the 2008 White House race . "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . " While the candidates would like us to view their bids for the top job as an honorable battle of wits , policies , values and big issues , the sad truth is that it 's more likely to boil down to a list of gaffes , embarrassments and sideshows . Both Democratic and Republican PR machines have been working hard to keep their campaigns on-script , but with a cast list of John McCain , Barack Obama , Joe Biden , Sarah Palin and the Clintons , they had their work cut out . Alaskan "  hockey mom " Palin 's late arrival undoubtedly stirred things up , adding a dash of vigor as the race lumbered into its final straight , but even before she began stealing the show , there was no shortage of scrapbook moments . Sound off : Which do you think are the most memorable moments from the 2008 election ? In no particular order , here is a selection of some of the best : 1 . Crying game : Back in January 's New Hampshire primaries , Hillary Clinton welled up with emotion , almost crying into her coffee cup during a chat with voters . This unexpected exposure of her human side was credited with winning back some women supporters . Read more 2 . McCain bombs : John McCain displayed rather off-key singing and diplomacy skills when asked if there was a plan to attack Iran back in April 2007 . Changing the words to the classic Beach Boys ' song "  Barbara Ann , " the Arizona senator responded : "  Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran . " Read more 3 . Pastor disaster : Proving once again that religion and politics do n't mix , Barack Obama was forced to distance himself from his former pastor and mentor Jeremiah Wright , after a series of pulpit fulminations in which he made racially-charged criticisms of Hillary Clinton and said of the 9/11 terror attacks : "  American 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Read more 4 . Ramblin ' man : Garrulous "  gaffe machine " Joe Biden got the last word in a primary debate about his tendency to speak his mind and not shut up . Asked if he could hold his tongue enough to "  reassure your voters in this country that you have the discipline you would need on the world stage , " Biden replied succinctly : "  Yes . " Read more 5 . The pig issue : Obama may have been hoping to generate oinks of outrage when he commented in September that McCain 's policies were like "  lipstick on a pig , " after the Arizona senator named Sarah Palin as running mate . The Democratic candidate refused to apologize for what Republicans said was a misogynistic response to Palin 's own claim to be a pitbull in lipstick . You could n't make it up . Read more 6 . Miss-firing : Hillary Clinton had her campaign guns blazing in March when she described the drama of a visit to Bosnia 12 years earlier . "  I remember landing under sniper fire , " she said . Clinton was later forced to admit "  misspeaking " after video footage of the event showed her strolling leisurely from the aircraft . Read more 7 . Ordinary Joe : First there was Joe Biden , then there was Palin 's mythical beer swiller Joe Sixpack and finally there was Joe the Plumber -- just a regular guy worried about his business going down the drain . Despite not actually being a licensed plumber , and not even being called Joe , he has been seized on by McCain as an everyman hero . This endorsement sprung more leaks when Joe failed to appear on cue to a recent McCain event . Read more 8 . Bad business : Neither presidential candidate makes claim to being psychic , but McCain might have done better consulting his tea leaves rather than the advisors who led him to say "  the fundamentals of our economy are strong " on the eve of America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . Read more 9 . Palintology : Her political skills aside , moose-shooting Sarah Palin has been an unfortunately prolific headline generator for the Republican campaign , whether eyeing Russia from her Alaskan home , shopping for suits , stumbling over questions from Katie Couric or introducing her pregnant teenage daughter . Read more 10 . Barack = Britney : Celebrity endorsements are one thing , but McCain 's campaign ad comparing his rival to pop star Britney Spears and heiress Paris Hilton was seen by at least one person as taking things a little too far . A swimsuit-clad Hilton responded by launching her own campaign for the presidency : "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . Only I 'm not from the olden days and I 'm not promising change like that other guy . I 'm just hot ! " Read more	Biden , Obama , McCain and Clinton all hit headlines for wrong reasons
CNN  -- When the stirring speeches , heavyweight debates and fevered campaigning of the U.S. elections are long forgotten , a handful of far less noble incidents are likely to be our enduring memories of the 2008 White House race . "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . " While the candidates would like us to view their bids for the top job as an honorable battle of wits , policies , values and big issues , the sad truth is that it 's more likely to boil down to a list of gaffes , embarrassments and sideshows . Both Democratic and Republican PR machines have been working hard to keep their campaigns on-script , but with a cast list of John McCain , Barack Obama , Joe Biden , Sarah Palin and the Clintons , they had their work cut out . Alaskan "  hockey mom " Palin 's late arrival undoubtedly stirred things up , adding a dash of vigor as the race lumbered into its final straight , but even before she began stealing the show , there was no shortage of scrapbook moments . Sound off : Which do you think are the most memorable moments from the 2008 election ? In no particular order , here is a selection of some of the best : 1 . Crying game : Back in January 's New Hampshire primaries , Hillary Clinton welled up with emotion , almost crying into her coffee cup during a chat with voters . This unexpected exposure of her human side was credited with winning back some women supporters . Read more 2 . McCain bombs : John McCain displayed rather off-key singing and diplomacy skills when asked if there was a plan to attack Iran back in April 2007 . Changing the words to the classic Beach Boys ' song "  Barbara Ann , " the Arizona senator responded : "  Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran . " Read more 3 . Pastor disaster : Proving once again that religion and politics do n't mix , Barack Obama was forced to distance himself from his former pastor and mentor Jeremiah Wright , after a series of pulpit fulminations in which he made racially-charged criticisms of Hillary Clinton and said of the 9/11 terror attacks : "  American 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Read more 4 . Ramblin ' man : Garrulous "  gaffe machine " Joe Biden got the last word in a primary debate about his tendency to speak his mind and not shut up . Asked if he could hold his tongue enough to "  reassure your voters in this country that you have the discipline you would need on the world stage , " Biden replied succinctly : "  Yes . " Read more 5 . The pig issue : Obama may have been hoping to generate oinks of outrage when he commented in September that McCain 's policies were like "  lipstick on a pig , " after the Arizona senator named Sarah Palin as running mate . The Democratic candidate refused to apologize for what Republicans said was a misogynistic response to Palin 's own claim to be a pitbull in lipstick . You could n't make it up . Read more 6 . Miss-firing : Hillary Clinton had her campaign guns blazing in March when she described the drama of a visit to Bosnia 12 years earlier . "  I remember landing under sniper fire , " she said . Clinton was later forced to admit "  misspeaking " after video footage of the event showed her strolling leisurely from the aircraft . Read more 7 . Ordinary Joe : First there was Joe Biden , then there was Palin 's mythical beer swiller Joe Sixpack and finally there was Joe the Plumber -- just a regular guy worried about his business going down the drain . Despite not actually being a licensed plumber , and not even being called Joe , he has been seized on by McCain as an everyman hero . This endorsement sprung more leaks when Joe failed to appear on cue to a recent McCain event . Read more 8 . Bad business : Neither presidential candidate makes claim to being psychic , but McCain might have done better consulting his tea leaves rather than the advisors who led him to say "  the fundamentals of our economy are strong " on the eve of America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . Read more 9 . Palintology : Her political skills aside , moose-shooting Sarah Palin has been an unfortunately prolific headline generator for the Republican campaign , whether eyeing Russia from her Alaskan home , shopping for suits , stumbling over questions from Katie Couric or introducing her pregnant teenage daughter . Read more 10 . Barack = Britney : Celebrity endorsements are one thing , but McCain 's campaign ad comparing his rival to pop star Britney Spears and heiress Paris Hilton was seen by at least one person as taking things a little too far . A swimsuit-clad Hilton responded by launching her own campaign for the presidency : "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . Only I 'm not from the olden days and I 'm not promising change like that other guy . I 'm just hot ! " Read more	Palin generated many headlines for wrong reasons in last weeks of campaign
CNN  -- The government is delaying legal action against Pennsylvania landowners who have n't yet agreed to sell their land for a memorial to victims of United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11 , 2001 , federal officials said Friday . This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial . The government has been negotiating with several landowners since 2003 in an effort to purchase their properties near Shanksville where the hijacked jet crashed into a field , killing everyone aboard . If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful , officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property . That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner 's consent , after paying a fair price for the land . The government is seeking to buy 166 acres in western Pennsylvania to complete the area needed to build a memorial on 2,200 acres . "  The  National Park Service  will negotiate with the landowners to reach agreement . If agreement is not reached , eminent domain remains as a backstop to acquire these lands , " said Kendra Barkoff , spokeswoman for the Department of Interior . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , met with landowners and some 9/11 victims ' relatives Friday in Somerset County , where the plane crashed into a field . "  The goal remains to finish phase one of the memorial by September 10 , 2011 , " Barkoff said . "  We 'll try to negotiate with the families , but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort . " Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations are n't working . While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table , "  it finally seems like the lines of communication are open , " Musser said . Producers Eric Fiegel and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Government may use eminent domain to seize land needed for 9/11 memorial
CNN  -- The government is delaying legal action against Pennsylvania landowners who have n't yet agreed to sell their land for a memorial to victims of United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11 , 2001 , federal officials said Friday . This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial . The government has been negotiating with several landowners since 2003 in an effort to purchase their properties near Shanksville where the hijacked jet crashed into a field , killing everyone aboard . If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful , officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property . That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner 's consent , after paying a fair price for the land . The government is seeking to buy 166 acres in western Pennsylvania to complete the area needed to build a memorial on 2,200 acres . "  The  National Park Service  will negotiate with the landowners to reach agreement . If agreement is not reached , eminent domain remains as a backstop to acquire these lands , " said Kendra Barkoff , spokeswoman for the Department of Interior . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , met with landowners and some 9/11 victims ' relatives Friday in Somerset County , where the plane crashed into a field . "  The goal remains to finish phase one of the memorial by September 10 , 2011 , " Barkoff said . "  We 'll try to negotiate with the families , but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort . " Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations are n't working . While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table , "  it finally seems like the lines of communication are open , " Musser said . Producers Eric Fiegel and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Hijacked United Flight 93 crashed in Shanksville , Pennsylvania
CNN  -- The government is delaying legal action against Pennsylvania landowners who have n't yet agreed to sell their land for a memorial to victims of United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11 , 2001 , federal officials said Friday . This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial . The government has been negotiating with several landowners since 2003 in an effort to purchase their properties near Shanksville where the hijacked jet crashed into a field , killing everyone aboard . If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful , officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property . That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner 's consent , after paying a fair price for the land . The government is seeking to buy 166 acres in western Pennsylvania to complete the area needed to build a memorial on 2,200 acres . "  The  National Park Service  will negotiate with the landowners to reach agreement . If agreement is not reached , eminent domain remains as a backstop to acquire these lands , " said Kendra Barkoff , spokeswoman for the Department of Interior . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , met with landowners and some 9/11 victims ' relatives Friday in Somerset County , where the plane crashed into a field . "  The goal remains to finish phase one of the memorial by September 10 , 2011 , " Barkoff said . "  We 'll try to negotiate with the families , but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort . " Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations are n't working . While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table , "  it finally seems like the lines of communication are open , " Musser said . Producers Eric Fiegel and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Federal officials say they hope to have first phase of memorial complete by 2011
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It 's a subject seldom addressed publicly in the Palestinian territories , but for the first time , a report is lifting the veil on the taboo topic of female trafficking and forced prostitution -- and calling for action to stop it . Trafficking and forced prostitution in Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza operate on a small-scale basis , rather than being part of a sophisticated and organized activity , the report found . But the two practices are also frequent and widespread -- and the women and girls involved have few means of escape . The 26-page report , released Wednesday and titled "  Trafficking and Forced Prostitution of Palestinian Women and Girls : Forms of Modern Day Slavery , " was researched and written by SAWA , a nonprofit Palestinian group that combats violence against women . SAWA received support for the report from UNIFEM , the United Nations Development Fund for Women , which is making the report available online . Getting information for the report -- which was completed in June 2008 but published only now -- was difficult because of the stigma suffered by the victims and the sensitivity of the subject within Palestinian society , SAWA said . Explaining the delay between completing the research and publishing the report , UNIFEM spokesman Julien Vaissier said it took a long time to analyze the data from the field , and staff in Gaza were also forced in January of this year to turn their attention to victims of the fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas . "  Dating -LSB- the report -RSB- 2009 would have been misleading , because the data was collected in 2008 , " he said . "  It was hard for us to publish it , and it took us a long time to decide how , whom and why , because of the situation and the sensitivity of the subject , " SAWA representative Jalal Khader added . The report found that unemployment and poverty play a major role in pushing girls and women into prostitution and making them vulnerable to exploitation by traffickers . Most of the women have also been "  violently abused by their families , especially their fathers , " the report found . The trafficked women who spoke to researchers said they had been "  battered continuously " at home , then forced into marriage , often facing further violence at the hands of their husbands . The situation is no better if the trafficked women and girls are accompanied by pimps or madams , who threaten the girls with violence if they refuse sex with clients . In one case , a trafficker called "  W " threatened to inform a girl 's family if she tried to escape and to disseminate embarrassing pictures of her engaged in sexual activity . Researchers found no studies or reports on the issue , just local newspaper reports on specific cases , SAWA said . They did manage to conduct 11 face-to-face interviews with "  informants , " or Palestinians willing to speak out about the problem . Those included police officers , victims ' lawyers , taxi drivers and hotel owners . Field researchers also managed to conduct in-person interviews with three trafficked women and included their case studies in the report . SAWA said its groundbreaking report is not meant as a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step in identifying the problem . "  For the first time , people have chosen to break the silence and speak out , and this briefing paper can be seen as a first step to start answering the need for protecting women and girl victims of trafficking and forced prostitution in the -LSB- occupied Palestinian territories -RSB- , " the report says . If the victimized women somehow escape their situations , they face further problems on several fronts . The report found there are few social networks or shelter houses to which they can turn , that they may be ostracized by their communities and families , and that the law may treat them as criminals . The first case study in the report is of a 23-year-old married mother of three from Jerusalem . A Palestinian , she says her father used to abuse her violently on a daily basis , tightening a belt around her neck until she fainted , then forcing her to live in the basement for days without food . After the woman 's father forced her into marriage at 16 , her husband raped her on their wedding night , then continued to beat her , she said . She ran away from home and met two men who promised her shelter and employment in Israel -- but instead , when she got there , she was kept in a house and forced to be a prostitute , she said . When she once refused to sleep with a client , the woman said her pimp called her father , who took her home and hit her violently until she fainted . She now lives at a safe house , the report said . In another case , a field researcher overheard two women talking in the front seat of a public taxi on the way from Jerusalem to the West Bank city of Ramallah . The woman told her friend she was unable to obtain a birth certificate for a baby fathered by one of her former clients at a brothel . The woman said she was forced to leave the brothel after becoming pregnant and now did n't know what to do : "  I went to the social services in Jerusalem , but they could not help me either , " she was overheard as saying . A lack of willingness by law enforcement to investigate these cases and prosecute the traffickers -- along with criminalizing the victims ' behavior -- only compounds the problem , the report said . The Palestinian territories use a hodgepodge of laws applicable to different areas , which also makes it difficult to take action , the report said . The report calls on Palestinian governmental organizations to draft new legislation guaranteeing that girls and women are treated as victims of crime and not as offenders , and referring to forced prostitution as sexual violence . It also urges civil groups to document cases of forced prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes and to push the government to change the law . The United Nations defines human trafficking as the recruitment , transportation , harboring or receipt of people by force , coercion , fraud or abuse of power . Traffickers seek to exploit their victims for sexual purposes , forced labor or removal of organs , SAWA said .	Trafficking , forced prostitution in Jerusalem , West Bank , Gaza called small scale but frequent
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It 's a subject seldom addressed publicly in the Palestinian territories , but for the first time , a report is lifting the veil on the taboo topic of female trafficking and forced prostitution -- and calling for action to stop it . Trafficking and forced prostitution in Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza operate on a small-scale basis , rather than being part of a sophisticated and organized activity , the report found . But the two practices are also frequent and widespread -- and the women and girls involved have few means of escape . The 26-page report , released Wednesday and titled "  Trafficking and Forced Prostitution of Palestinian Women and Girls : Forms of Modern Day Slavery , " was researched and written by SAWA , a nonprofit Palestinian group that combats violence against women . SAWA received support for the report from UNIFEM , the United Nations Development Fund for Women , which is making the report available online . Getting information for the report -- which was completed in June 2008 but published only now -- was difficult because of the stigma suffered by the victims and the sensitivity of the subject within Palestinian society , SAWA said . Explaining the delay between completing the research and publishing the report , UNIFEM spokesman Julien Vaissier said it took a long time to analyze the data from the field , and staff in Gaza were also forced in January of this year to turn their attention to victims of the fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas . "  Dating -LSB- the report -RSB- 2009 would have been misleading , because the data was collected in 2008 , " he said . "  It was hard for us to publish it , and it took us a long time to decide how , whom and why , because of the situation and the sensitivity of the subject , " SAWA representative Jalal Khader added . The report found that unemployment and poverty play a major role in pushing girls and women into prostitution and making them vulnerable to exploitation by traffickers . Most of the women have also been "  violently abused by their families , especially their fathers , " the report found . The trafficked women who spoke to researchers said they had been "  battered continuously " at home , then forced into marriage , often facing further violence at the hands of their husbands . The situation is no better if the trafficked women and girls are accompanied by pimps or madams , who threaten the girls with violence if they refuse sex with clients . In one case , a trafficker called "  W " threatened to inform a girl 's family if she tried to escape and to disseminate embarrassing pictures of her engaged in sexual activity . Researchers found no studies or reports on the issue , just local newspaper reports on specific cases , SAWA said . They did manage to conduct 11 face-to-face interviews with "  informants , " or Palestinians willing to speak out about the problem . Those included police officers , victims ' lawyers , taxi drivers and hotel owners . Field researchers also managed to conduct in-person interviews with three trafficked women and included their case studies in the report . SAWA said its groundbreaking report is not meant as a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step in identifying the problem . "  For the first time , people have chosen to break the silence and speak out , and this briefing paper can be seen as a first step to start answering the need for protecting women and girl victims of trafficking and forced prostitution in the -LSB- occupied Palestinian territories -RSB- , " the report says . If the victimized women somehow escape their situations , they face further problems on several fronts . The report found there are few social networks or shelter houses to which they can turn , that they may be ostracized by their communities and families , and that the law may treat them as criminals . The first case study in the report is of a 23-year-old married mother of three from Jerusalem . A Palestinian , she says her father used to abuse her violently on a daily basis , tightening a belt around her neck until she fainted , then forcing her to live in the basement for days without food . After the woman 's father forced her into marriage at 16 , her husband raped her on their wedding night , then continued to beat her , she said . She ran away from home and met two men who promised her shelter and employment in Israel -- but instead , when she got there , she was kept in a house and forced to be a prostitute , she said . When she once refused to sleep with a client , the woman said her pimp called her father , who took her home and hit her violently until she fainted . She now lives at a safe house , the report said . In another case , a field researcher overheard two women talking in the front seat of a public taxi on the way from Jerusalem to the West Bank city of Ramallah . The woman told her friend she was unable to obtain a birth certificate for a baby fathered by one of her former clients at a brothel . The woman said she was forced to leave the brothel after becoming pregnant and now did n't know what to do : "  I went to the social services in Jerusalem , but they could not help me either , " she was overheard as saying . A lack of willingness by law enforcement to investigate these cases and prosecute the traffickers -- along with criminalizing the victims ' behavior -- only compounds the problem , the report said . The Palestinian territories use a hodgepodge of laws applicable to different areas , which also makes it difficult to take action , the report said . The report calls on Palestinian governmental organizations to draft new legislation guaranteeing that girls and women are treated as victims of crime and not as offenders , and referring to forced prostitution as sexual violence . It also urges civil groups to document cases of forced prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes and to push the government to change the law . The United Nations defines human trafficking as the recruitment , transportation , harboring or receipt of people by force , coercion , fraud or abuse of power . Traffickers seek to exploit their victims for sexual purposes , forced labor or removal of organs , SAWA said .	Women , girls involved have few means of escape , history of victimization , report says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It 's a subject seldom addressed publicly in the Palestinian territories , but for the first time , a report is lifting the veil on the taboo topic of female trafficking and forced prostitution -- and calling for action to stop it . Trafficking and forced prostitution in Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza operate on a small-scale basis , rather than being part of a sophisticated and organized activity , the report found . But the two practices are also frequent and widespread -- and the women and girls involved have few means of escape . The 26-page report , released Wednesday and titled "  Trafficking and Forced Prostitution of Palestinian Women and Girls : Forms of Modern Day Slavery , " was researched and written by SAWA , a nonprofit Palestinian group that combats violence against women . SAWA received support for the report from UNIFEM , the United Nations Development Fund for Women , which is making the report available online . Getting information for the report -- which was completed in June 2008 but published only now -- was difficult because of the stigma suffered by the victims and the sensitivity of the subject within Palestinian society , SAWA said . Explaining the delay between completing the research and publishing the report , UNIFEM spokesman Julien Vaissier said it took a long time to analyze the data from the field , and staff in Gaza were also forced in January of this year to turn their attention to victims of the fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas . "  Dating -LSB- the report -RSB- 2009 would have been misleading , because the data was collected in 2008 , " he said . "  It was hard for us to publish it , and it took us a long time to decide how , whom and why , because of the situation and the sensitivity of the subject , " SAWA representative Jalal Khader added . The report found that unemployment and poverty play a major role in pushing girls and women into prostitution and making them vulnerable to exploitation by traffickers . Most of the women have also been "  violently abused by their families , especially their fathers , " the report found . The trafficked women who spoke to researchers said they had been "  battered continuously " at home , then forced into marriage , often facing further violence at the hands of their husbands . The situation is no better if the trafficked women and girls are accompanied by pimps or madams , who threaten the girls with violence if they refuse sex with clients . In one case , a trafficker called "  W " threatened to inform a girl 's family if she tried to escape and to disseminate embarrassing pictures of her engaged in sexual activity . Researchers found no studies or reports on the issue , just local newspaper reports on specific cases , SAWA said . They did manage to conduct 11 face-to-face interviews with "  informants , " or Palestinians willing to speak out about the problem . Those included police officers , victims ' lawyers , taxi drivers and hotel owners . Field researchers also managed to conduct in-person interviews with three trafficked women and included their case studies in the report . SAWA said its groundbreaking report is not meant as a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step in identifying the problem . "  For the first time , people have chosen to break the silence and speak out , and this briefing paper can be seen as a first step to start answering the need for protecting women and girl victims of trafficking and forced prostitution in the -LSB- occupied Palestinian territories -RSB- , " the report says . If the victimized women somehow escape their situations , they face further problems on several fronts . The report found there are few social networks or shelter houses to which they can turn , that they may be ostracized by their communities and families , and that the law may treat them as criminals . The first case study in the report is of a 23-year-old married mother of three from Jerusalem . A Palestinian , she says her father used to abuse her violently on a daily basis , tightening a belt around her neck until she fainted , then forcing her to live in the basement for days without food . After the woman 's father forced her into marriage at 16 , her husband raped her on their wedding night , then continued to beat her , she said . She ran away from home and met two men who promised her shelter and employment in Israel -- but instead , when she got there , she was kept in a house and forced to be a prostitute , she said . When she once refused to sleep with a client , the woman said her pimp called her father , who took her home and hit her violently until she fainted . She now lives at a safe house , the report said . In another case , a field researcher overheard two women talking in the front seat of a public taxi on the way from Jerusalem to the West Bank city of Ramallah . The woman told her friend she was unable to obtain a birth certificate for a baby fathered by one of her former clients at a brothel . The woman said she was forced to leave the brothel after becoming pregnant and now did n't know what to do : "  I went to the social services in Jerusalem , but they could not help me either , " she was overheard as saying . A lack of willingness by law enforcement to investigate these cases and prosecute the traffickers -- along with criminalizing the victims ' behavior -- only compounds the problem , the report said . The Palestinian territories use a hodgepodge of laws applicable to different areas , which also makes it difficult to take action , the report said . The report calls on Palestinian governmental organizations to draft new legislation guaranteeing that girls and women are treated as victims of crime and not as offenders , and referring to forced prostitution as sexual violence . It also urges civil groups to document cases of forced prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes and to push the government to change the law . The United Nations defines human trafficking as the recruitment , transportation , harboring or receipt of people by force , coercion , fraud or abuse of power . Traffickers seek to exploit their victims for sexual purposes , forced labor or removal of organs , SAWA said .	Report is n't a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step to identifying problem , group says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It 's a subject seldom addressed publicly in the Palestinian territories , but for the first time , a report is lifting the veil on the taboo topic of female trafficking and forced prostitution -- and calling for action to stop it . Trafficking and forced prostitution in Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza operate on a small-scale basis , rather than being part of a sophisticated and organized activity , the report found . But the two practices are also frequent and widespread -- and the women and girls involved have few means of escape . The 26-page report , released Wednesday and titled "  Trafficking and Forced Prostitution of Palestinian Women and Girls : Forms of Modern Day Slavery , " was researched and written by SAWA , a nonprofit Palestinian group that combats violence against women . SAWA received support for the report from UNIFEM , the United Nations Development Fund for Women , which is making the report available online . Getting information for the report -- which was completed in June 2008 but published only now -- was difficult because of the stigma suffered by the victims and the sensitivity of the subject within Palestinian society , SAWA said . Explaining the delay between completing the research and publishing the report , UNIFEM spokesman Julien Vaissier said it took a long time to analyze the data from the field , and staff in Gaza were also forced in January of this year to turn their attention to victims of the fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas . "  Dating -LSB- the report -RSB- 2009 would have been misleading , because the data was collected in 2008 , " he said . "  It was hard for us to publish it , and it took us a long time to decide how , whom and why , because of the situation and the sensitivity of the subject , " SAWA representative Jalal Khader added . The report found that unemployment and poverty play a major role in pushing girls and women into prostitution and making them vulnerable to exploitation by traffickers . Most of the women have also been "  violently abused by their families , especially their fathers , " the report found . The trafficked women who spoke to researchers said they had been "  battered continuously " at home , then forced into marriage , often facing further violence at the hands of their husbands . The situation is no better if the trafficked women and girls are accompanied by pimps or madams , who threaten the girls with violence if they refuse sex with clients . In one case , a trafficker called "  W " threatened to inform a girl 's family if she tried to escape and to disseminate embarrassing pictures of her engaged in sexual activity . Researchers found no studies or reports on the issue , just local newspaper reports on specific cases , SAWA said . They did manage to conduct 11 face-to-face interviews with "  informants , " or Palestinians willing to speak out about the problem . Those included police officers , victims ' lawyers , taxi drivers and hotel owners . Field researchers also managed to conduct in-person interviews with three trafficked women and included their case studies in the report . SAWA said its groundbreaking report is not meant as a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step in identifying the problem . "  For the first time , people have chosen to break the silence and speak out , and this briefing paper can be seen as a first step to start answering the need for protecting women and girl victims of trafficking and forced prostitution in the -LSB- occupied Palestinian territories -RSB- , " the report says . If the victimized women somehow escape their situations , they face further problems on several fronts . The report found there are few social networks or shelter houses to which they can turn , that they may be ostracized by their communities and families , and that the law may treat them as criminals . The first case study in the report is of a 23-year-old married mother of three from Jerusalem . A Palestinian , she says her father used to abuse her violently on a daily basis , tightening a belt around her neck until she fainted , then forcing her to live in the basement for days without food . After the woman 's father forced her into marriage at 16 , her husband raped her on their wedding night , then continued to beat her , she said . She ran away from home and met two men who promised her shelter and employment in Israel -- but instead , when she got there , she was kept in a house and forced to be a prostitute , she said . When she once refused to sleep with a client , the woman said her pimp called her father , who took her home and hit her violently until she fainted . She now lives at a safe house , the report said . In another case , a field researcher overheard two women talking in the front seat of a public taxi on the way from Jerusalem to the West Bank city of Ramallah . The woman told her friend she was unable to obtain a birth certificate for a baby fathered by one of her former clients at a brothel . The woman said she was forced to leave the brothel after becoming pregnant and now did n't know what to do : "  I went to the social services in Jerusalem , but they could not help me either , " she was overheard as saying . A lack of willingness by law enforcement to investigate these cases and prosecute the traffickers -- along with criminalizing the victims ' behavior -- only compounds the problem , the report said . The Palestinian territories use a hodgepodge of laws applicable to different areas , which also makes it difficult to take action , the report said . The report calls on Palestinian governmental organizations to draft new legislation guaranteeing that girls and women are treated as victims of crime and not as offenders , and referring to forced prostitution as sexual violence . It also urges civil groups to document cases of forced prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes and to push the government to change the law . The United Nations defines human trafficking as the recruitment , transportation , harboring or receipt of people by force , coercion , fraud or abuse of power . Traffickers seek to exploit their victims for sexual purposes , forced labor or removal of organs , SAWA said .	Report finds few shelters , social networks for victims , who face ostracism , criminalization
Washington  CNN  -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg may be the oldest , tiniest member of the Supreme Court , but her colleagues know her to be perhaps the toughest , and by all accounts a dedicated and tireless justice . The latest evidence : Ginsburg is recovering from a rib injury suffered in June , during the Supreme Court 's last hectic weeks before it issued the landmark ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's health care reform law . Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg confirmed the injury occurred at the 79-year-old justice 's Washington home June 4 , but did not prevent Ginsburg from participating fully in the court 's internal deliberations . Two other sources close to Ginsburg said she fractured two ribs from an accidental fall . Details of the injury were first reported by Reuters . Arberg said the justice maintained a regular work schedule in the days after the injury that included June speeches in New York and Washington . Sources said she was not hospitalized , but instead treated by doctors at the Office of the Attending Physician , which provides outpatient medical care to the justices and members of Congress . The court is now in recess and the justice has continued to keep busy , working through the summer in chambers . She appeared last week at a legal panel in Chicago , and returned recently from overseas trips to Europe . As the oldest justice , Ginsburg 's health in particular , and those of her benchmates , has been closely watched by some Washington insiders , since high court vacancies have recently created a high-stakes , politically-charged environment . The Brooklyn native has survived two separate bouts with cancer , but has said she hopes to stay on the court for another few years at least . Meanwhile , Ginsburg is not letting her rib injury stop her from engaging in two of her favorite passions : the law and opera . She appeared with Solicitor General Donald Verrilli and other legal heavyweights Friday at an American Bar Association panel , to listen to some classical music and engage in spirited discussion . Hosting the event was Craig Martin , an attorney with Jenner & Block LLP , and himself an opera buff . "  Arias and opera can be used to raise larger questions about society -- good vs. evil , for example , " he told CNN . "  It can be a prism to look at the law and our civic responsibilities . " Members of Chicago 's famed Lyric Opera performed selections from "  Faust , " "  The Magic Flute , " and four other works , a starting point for debate with Ginsburg and others . "  I sat down with Justice Ginsburg , and we tried to focus on arias that would work well as a springboard to the discussion , " said Martin . "  She has such great knowledge of these works , the music and the underlying interpretation . I learned more from Justice Ginsburg about opera in our meeting than I had from a lifetime of going to operas again and again . " Benjamin Britten 's adaptation of "  Billy Budd " -- the tragic story of a sailor sentenced to hang after falsely being accused of inciting mutiny -- caused perhaps the most passionate talk . "  The moral premise was whether Captain Vere could save Billy Budd 's life from the court-martial , " privately believing the young man was ultimately innocent , said Martin . "  Justice Ginsburg came up with a well-thought out , well-crafted legal solution . " "  He did n't have to empanel the court-martial on the ship , " said Ginsburg . "  He could have kept Billy and could have had the trial held on British soil . " But the justice acknowledged a risk in that : "  There was this tremendous fear of mutiny . " The charismatic but overly-trusting Budd is ultimately convicted on the high seas under the strict reading of the law as the captain sees his duty , and the sailor is hanged . The justice 's love of opera is well known . Along with Justice Antonin Scalia , her best friend on the court and fellow operaphile , she has appeared onstage -- in costume -- for several cameo roles at the Washington Opera . Also attending the Friday panel discussion was Ginsburg 's son James , a former lawyer who runs Cedille Records , a Chicago-based non-profit classical music label he founded . Justice Ginsburg remembered how another opera prompted a little drama within the insular high court a few years ago . The late Chief Justice William Rehnquist unexpectedly modified his judicial robes as a subtle tribute to Gilbert and Sullivan 's "  Iolanthe , " a fantasy that satirically tweaks the law and government . "  One day , my dear old Chief , who loved Gilbert and Sullivan , appeared in the  court 's private  robing room with his new robe , and it had four thin gold stripes . People were aghast , " she recalled , smiling . While many people wondered what the adornment was all about , "  I laughed because I knew exactly what he had done . " Baldwin suggests portrayal of Douglas ' life , career Talk about the role of a lifetime . Actor Alec Baldwin recently revealed who he thinks deserves being portrayed on screen : the late Justice William Douglas , the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court . Baldwin , a fellow outspoken progressive , said Douglas ' career as a jurist , prolific author , civil libertarian , and environmentalist would be relevant to today 's audiences . "  In the world we live in today , a world which is increasingly shaped , I should say surreptitiously , by the current  conservative majority  Supreme Court , I would like to see something that would bring to a new generation a biography -- a film or otherwise -- of the life of William O. Douglas , " Baldwin told a Washington audience . Douglas , a Washington state native who served from 1939-75 , was named to the bench by Franklin Roosevelt , and carved a clear liberal record . Baldwin , who currently stars on the long-running television series "  30 Rock , " said he was not sure he himself could best take on the Douglas role . Few , if any , individual justices have received the big screen biopic treatment , but the late Justice Thurgood Marshall was profiled a few years ago in a one-man Broadway show starring award-winning actor Laurence Fishburne .	Ginsburg is recovering from fractured ribs , sources say
Washington  CNN  -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg may be the oldest , tiniest member of the Supreme Court , but her colleagues know her to be perhaps the toughest , and by all accounts a dedicated and tireless justice . The latest evidence : Ginsburg is recovering from a rib injury suffered in June , during the Supreme Court 's last hectic weeks before it issued the landmark ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's health care reform law . Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg confirmed the injury occurred at the 79-year-old justice 's Washington home June 4 , but did not prevent Ginsburg from participating fully in the court 's internal deliberations . Two other sources close to Ginsburg said she fractured two ribs from an accidental fall . Details of the injury were first reported by Reuters . Arberg said the justice maintained a regular work schedule in the days after the injury that included June speeches in New York and Washington . Sources said she was not hospitalized , but instead treated by doctors at the Office of the Attending Physician , which provides outpatient medical care to the justices and members of Congress . The court is now in recess and the justice has continued to keep busy , working through the summer in chambers . She appeared last week at a legal panel in Chicago , and returned recently from overseas trips to Europe . As the oldest justice , Ginsburg 's health in particular , and those of her benchmates , has been closely watched by some Washington insiders , since high court vacancies have recently created a high-stakes , politically-charged environment . The Brooklyn native has survived two separate bouts with cancer , but has said she hopes to stay on the court for another few years at least . Meanwhile , Ginsburg is not letting her rib injury stop her from engaging in two of her favorite passions : the law and opera . She appeared with Solicitor General Donald Verrilli and other legal heavyweights Friday at an American Bar Association panel , to listen to some classical music and engage in spirited discussion . Hosting the event was Craig Martin , an attorney with Jenner & Block LLP , and himself an opera buff . "  Arias and opera can be used to raise larger questions about society -- good vs. evil , for example , " he told CNN . "  It can be a prism to look at the law and our civic responsibilities . " Members of Chicago 's famed Lyric Opera performed selections from "  Faust , " "  The Magic Flute , " and four other works , a starting point for debate with Ginsburg and others . "  I sat down with Justice Ginsburg , and we tried to focus on arias that would work well as a springboard to the discussion , " said Martin . "  She has such great knowledge of these works , the music and the underlying interpretation . I learned more from Justice Ginsburg about opera in our meeting than I had from a lifetime of going to operas again and again . " Benjamin Britten 's adaptation of "  Billy Budd " -- the tragic story of a sailor sentenced to hang after falsely being accused of inciting mutiny -- caused perhaps the most passionate talk . "  The moral premise was whether Captain Vere could save Billy Budd 's life from the court-martial , " privately believing the young man was ultimately innocent , said Martin . "  Justice Ginsburg came up with a well-thought out , well-crafted legal solution . " "  He did n't have to empanel the court-martial on the ship , " said Ginsburg . "  He could have kept Billy and could have had the trial held on British soil . " But the justice acknowledged a risk in that : "  There was this tremendous fear of mutiny . " The charismatic but overly-trusting Budd is ultimately convicted on the high seas under the strict reading of the law as the captain sees his duty , and the sailor is hanged . The justice 's love of opera is well known . Along with Justice Antonin Scalia , her best friend on the court and fellow operaphile , she has appeared onstage -- in costume -- for several cameo roles at the Washington Opera . Also attending the Friday panel discussion was Ginsburg 's son James , a former lawyer who runs Cedille Records , a Chicago-based non-profit classical music label he founded . Justice Ginsburg remembered how another opera prompted a little drama within the insular high court a few years ago . The late Chief Justice William Rehnquist unexpectedly modified his judicial robes as a subtle tribute to Gilbert and Sullivan 's "  Iolanthe , " a fantasy that satirically tweaks the law and government . "  One day , my dear old Chief , who loved Gilbert and Sullivan , appeared in the  court 's private  robing room with his new robe , and it had four thin gold stripes . People were aghast , " she recalled , smiling . While many people wondered what the adornment was all about , "  I laughed because I knew exactly what he had done . " Baldwin suggests portrayal of Douglas ' life , career Talk about the role of a lifetime . Actor Alec Baldwin recently revealed who he thinks deserves being portrayed on screen : the late Justice William Douglas , the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court . Baldwin , a fellow outspoken progressive , said Douglas ' career as a jurist , prolific author , civil libertarian , and environmentalist would be relevant to today 's audiences . "  In the world we live in today , a world which is increasingly shaped , I should say surreptitiously , by the current  conservative majority  Supreme Court , I would like to see something that would bring to a new generation a biography -- a film or otherwise -- of the life of William O. Douglas , " Baldwin told a Washington audience . Douglas , a Washington state native who served from 1939-75 , was named to the bench by Franklin Roosevelt , and carved a clear liberal record . Baldwin , who currently stars on the long-running television series "  30 Rock , " said he was not sure he himself could best take on the Douglas role . Few , if any , individual justices have received the big screen biopic treatment , but the late Justice Thurgood Marshall was profiled a few years ago in a one-man Broadway show starring award-winning actor Laurence Fishburne .	Her injury is n't getting in the way of her work or leisure pursuits
Washington  CNN  -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg may be the oldest , tiniest member of the Supreme Court , but her colleagues know her to be perhaps the toughest , and by all accounts a dedicated and tireless justice . The latest evidence : Ginsburg is recovering from a rib injury suffered in June , during the Supreme Court 's last hectic weeks before it issued the landmark ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's health care reform law . Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg confirmed the injury occurred at the 79-year-old justice 's Washington home June 4 , but did not prevent Ginsburg from participating fully in the court 's internal deliberations . Two other sources close to Ginsburg said she fractured two ribs from an accidental fall . Details of the injury were first reported by Reuters . Arberg said the justice maintained a regular work schedule in the days after the injury that included June speeches in New York and Washington . Sources said she was not hospitalized , but instead treated by doctors at the Office of the Attending Physician , which provides outpatient medical care to the justices and members of Congress . The court is now in recess and the justice has continued to keep busy , working through the summer in chambers . She appeared last week at a legal panel in Chicago , and returned recently from overseas trips to Europe . As the oldest justice , Ginsburg 's health in particular , and those of her benchmates , has been closely watched by some Washington insiders , since high court vacancies have recently created a high-stakes , politically-charged environment . The Brooklyn native has survived two separate bouts with cancer , but has said she hopes to stay on the court for another few years at least . Meanwhile , Ginsburg is not letting her rib injury stop her from engaging in two of her favorite passions : the law and opera . She appeared with Solicitor General Donald Verrilli and other legal heavyweights Friday at an American Bar Association panel , to listen to some classical music and engage in spirited discussion . Hosting the event was Craig Martin , an attorney with Jenner & Block LLP , and himself an opera buff . "  Arias and opera can be used to raise larger questions about society -- good vs. evil , for example , " he told CNN . "  It can be a prism to look at the law and our civic responsibilities . " Members of Chicago 's famed Lyric Opera performed selections from "  Faust , " "  The Magic Flute , " and four other works , a starting point for debate with Ginsburg and others . "  I sat down with Justice Ginsburg , and we tried to focus on arias that would work well as a springboard to the discussion , " said Martin . "  She has such great knowledge of these works , the music and the underlying interpretation . I learned more from Justice Ginsburg about opera in our meeting than I had from a lifetime of going to operas again and again . " Benjamin Britten 's adaptation of "  Billy Budd " -- the tragic story of a sailor sentenced to hang after falsely being accused of inciting mutiny -- caused perhaps the most passionate talk . "  The moral premise was whether Captain Vere could save Billy Budd 's life from the court-martial , " privately believing the young man was ultimately innocent , said Martin . "  Justice Ginsburg came up with a well-thought out , well-crafted legal solution . " "  He did n't have to empanel the court-martial on the ship , " said Ginsburg . "  He could have kept Billy and could have had the trial held on British soil . " But the justice acknowledged a risk in that : "  There was this tremendous fear of mutiny . " The charismatic but overly-trusting Budd is ultimately convicted on the high seas under the strict reading of the law as the captain sees his duty , and the sailor is hanged . The justice 's love of opera is well known . Along with Justice Antonin Scalia , her best friend on the court and fellow operaphile , she has appeared onstage -- in costume -- for several cameo roles at the Washington Opera . Also attending the Friday panel discussion was Ginsburg 's son James , a former lawyer who runs Cedille Records , a Chicago-based non-profit classical music label he founded . Justice Ginsburg remembered how another opera prompted a little drama within the insular high court a few years ago . The late Chief Justice William Rehnquist unexpectedly modified his judicial robes as a subtle tribute to Gilbert and Sullivan 's "  Iolanthe , " a fantasy that satirically tweaks the law and government . "  One day , my dear old Chief , who loved Gilbert and Sullivan , appeared in the  court 's private  robing room with his new robe , and it had four thin gold stripes . People were aghast , " she recalled , smiling . While many people wondered what the adornment was all about , "  I laughed because I knew exactly what he had done . " Baldwin suggests portrayal of Douglas ' life , career Talk about the role of a lifetime . Actor Alec Baldwin recently revealed who he thinks deserves being portrayed on screen : the late Justice William Douglas , the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court . Baldwin , a fellow outspoken progressive , said Douglas ' career as a jurist , prolific author , civil libertarian , and environmentalist would be relevant to today 's audiences . "  In the world we live in today , a world which is increasingly shaped , I should say surreptitiously , by the current  conservative majority  Supreme Court , I would like to see something that would bring to a new generation a biography -- a film or otherwise -- of the life of William O. Douglas , " Baldwin told a Washington audience . Douglas , a Washington state native who served from 1939-75 , was named to the bench by Franklin Roosevelt , and carved a clear liberal record . Baldwin , who currently stars on the long-running television series "  30 Rock , " said he was not sure he himself could best take on the Douglas role . Few , if any , individual justices have received the big screen biopic treatment , but the late Justice Thurgood Marshall was profiled a few years ago in a one-man Broadway show starring award-winning actor Laurence Fishburne .	Alec Baldwin suggests a biography for Justice William Douglas
London  CNN  -- Instagram is hoping to extract more value from photos uploaded in the past , co-founder Kevin Systrom said Tuesday . Systrom , making one of his first public appearances since Facebook acquired his photo-sharing app in April for $ 1 billion , said he wants to expand the software to go beyond the "  10-hour " time frame viewed by most users . "  We 're still really hard at work on our product ideas , " he told attendees at Le Web London -- an offshoot of Europe 's biggest internet conference , usually held each December in Paris . "  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , and I 'm really excited about it . " With the Facebook deal still under financial scrutiny in the United States , Systrom gave few other details about what changes its 50 million users can expect . Seven tech-behavior faults that are n't so bad Systrom said Instagram 's success lay in its ability to help people communicate visually and express themselves to a wider audience in new , creative ways . "  If it 's an honest , genuine photo , it will go far , " he said . But he admitted there was considerable room for improvement . He said the company plans to introduce "  channels " to organize the flow of images and help users find the best ones . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover "  I think we need to do a better job of creating these channels and silos that allow people to learn new things about the world , " he said . "  We have the content -- it 's about exploring it . " To escape the sense that Instagram 's feed is merely a snapshot of the past few hours , Systrom said his developers are working to find better ways to curate older content . "  We are trying really hard to take all the data that you 've put into Instagram and let you see into the past , " he said . Instagram or Facebook Camera ? Systrom appeared alongside celebrity chef and British TV personality Jamie Oliver , an avid Instagram user . Oliver , who has led healthy-eating campaigns in the United Kingdom and the United States , spoke about the democratizing power of the Web , but was more blunt in his assessment of what images attracted the widest circulation : "  boobs , pretty girls and dogs . " Systrom offered his own inspiration to other startup companies looking to follow in his footsteps . "  Entrepreneurs need to focus on solving problems , " he said . "  If you try to solve big problems , there will always be funding . "	"  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , " co-founder says
London  CNN  -- Instagram is hoping to extract more value from photos uploaded in the past , co-founder Kevin Systrom said Tuesday . Systrom , making one of his first public appearances since Facebook acquired his photo-sharing app in April for $ 1 billion , said he wants to expand the software to go beyond the "  10-hour " time frame viewed by most users . "  We 're still really hard at work on our product ideas , " he told attendees at Le Web London -- an offshoot of Europe 's biggest internet conference , usually held each December in Paris . "  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , and I 'm really excited about it . " With the Facebook deal still under financial scrutiny in the United States , Systrom gave few other details about what changes its 50 million users can expect . Seven tech-behavior faults that are n't so bad Systrom said Instagram 's success lay in its ability to help people communicate visually and express themselves to a wider audience in new , creative ways . "  If it 's an honest , genuine photo , it will go far , " he said . But he admitted there was considerable room for improvement . He said the company plans to introduce "  channels " to organize the flow of images and help users find the best ones . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover "  I think we need to do a better job of creating these channels and silos that allow people to learn new things about the world , " he said . "  We have the content -- it 's about exploring it . " To escape the sense that Instagram 's feed is merely a snapshot of the past few hours , Systrom said his developers are working to find better ways to curate older content . "  We are trying really hard to take all the data that you 've put into Instagram and let you see into the past , " he said . Instagram or Facebook Camera ? Systrom appeared alongside celebrity chef and British TV personality Jamie Oliver , an avid Instagram user . Oliver , who has led healthy-eating campaigns in the United Kingdom and the United States , spoke about the democratizing power of the Web , but was more blunt in his assessment of what images attracted the widest circulation : "  boobs , pretty girls and dogs . " Systrom offered his own inspiration to other startup companies looking to follow in his footsteps . "  Entrepreneurs need to focus on solving problems , " he said . "  If you try to solve big problems , there will always be funding . "	CEO Kevin Systrom said Instagram will introduce "  channels " to organize data flow
London  CNN  -- Instagram is hoping to extract more value from photos uploaded in the past , co-founder Kevin Systrom said Tuesday . Systrom , making one of his first public appearances since Facebook acquired his photo-sharing app in April for $ 1 billion , said he wants to expand the software to go beyond the "  10-hour " time frame viewed by most users . "  We 're still really hard at work on our product ideas , " he told attendees at Le Web London -- an offshoot of Europe 's biggest internet conference , usually held each December in Paris . "  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , and I 'm really excited about it . " With the Facebook deal still under financial scrutiny in the United States , Systrom gave few other details about what changes its 50 million users can expect . Seven tech-behavior faults that are n't so bad Systrom said Instagram 's success lay in its ability to help people communicate visually and express themselves to a wider audience in new , creative ways . "  If it 's an honest , genuine photo , it will go far , " he said . But he admitted there was considerable room for improvement . He said the company plans to introduce "  channels " to organize the flow of images and help users find the best ones . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover "  I think we need to do a better job of creating these channels and silos that allow people to learn new things about the world , " he said . "  We have the content -- it 's about exploring it . " To escape the sense that Instagram 's feed is merely a snapshot of the past few hours , Systrom said his developers are working to find better ways to curate older content . "  We are trying really hard to take all the data that you 've put into Instagram and let you see into the past , " he said . Instagram or Facebook Camera ? Systrom appeared alongside celebrity chef and British TV personality Jamie Oliver , an avid Instagram user . Oliver , who has led healthy-eating campaigns in the United Kingdom and the United States , spoke about the democratizing power of the Web , but was more blunt in his assessment of what images attracted the widest circulation : "  boobs , pretty girls and dogs . " Systrom offered his own inspiration to other startup companies looking to follow in his footsteps . "  Entrepreneurs need to focus on solving problems , " he said . "  If you try to solve big problems , there will always be funding . "	Instagram hopes to curate older content and become more timeless
London  CNN  -- Instagram is hoping to extract more value from photos uploaded in the past , co-founder Kevin Systrom said Tuesday . Systrom , making one of his first public appearances since Facebook acquired his photo-sharing app in April for $ 1 billion , said he wants to expand the software to go beyond the "  10-hour " time frame viewed by most users . "  We 're still really hard at work on our product ideas , " he told attendees at Le Web London -- an offshoot of Europe 's biggest internet conference , usually held each December in Paris . "  We 're going to see Instagram evolve in really interesting ways , and I 'm really excited about it . " With the Facebook deal still under financial scrutiny in the United States , Systrom gave few other details about what changes its 50 million users can expect . Seven tech-behavior faults that are n't so bad Systrom said Instagram 's success lay in its ability to help people communicate visually and express themselves to a wider audience in new , creative ways . "  If it 's an honest , genuine photo , it will go far , " he said . But he admitted there was considerable room for improvement . He said the company plans to introduce "  channels " to organize the flow of images and help users find the best ones . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover "  I think we need to do a better job of creating these channels and silos that allow people to learn new things about the world , " he said . "  We have the content -- it 's about exploring it . " To escape the sense that Instagram 's feed is merely a snapshot of the past few hours , Systrom said his developers are working to find better ways to curate older content . "  We are trying really hard to take all the data that you 've put into Instagram and let you see into the past , " he said . Instagram or Facebook Camera ? Systrom appeared alongside celebrity chef and British TV personality Jamie Oliver , an avid Instagram user . Oliver , who has led healthy-eating campaigns in the United Kingdom and the United States , spoke about the democratizing power of the Web , but was more blunt in his assessment of what images attracted the widest circulation : "  boobs , pretty girls and dogs . " Systrom offered his own inspiration to other startup companies looking to follow in his footsteps . "  Entrepreneurs need to focus on solving problems , " he said . "  If you try to solve big problems , there will always be funding . "	Facebook acquired Instagram , a mobile photo-sharing app , for $ 1 billion in April
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Announcement that Hosni Mubarak will not step down renews rage on the street
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Observers , protesters say government concessions aimed at dividing protesters
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Washington expresses frustration , demands "  immediate , irreversible progress " in situation
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Perceived leadership void being filled by Muslim Brotherhood , jailed Google executive
CNN  -- All the world 's a stage , Shakespeare wrote long before television came into view . Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes , Andy Warhol added a few centuries later . Which leads us inexorably to Michaele and Tareq Salahi 's exuberant Facebook posting : "  Honored to be at the White House for the state dinner in honor of India with President Obama and our First Lady ! " They have the pictures to prove it , and the overnight fame , too . The Salahis , with a Bravo camera crew in tow , apparently were trying to ratchet up their prospects for the cable network 's upcoming "  The Real Housewives of D.C. " If only the Salahis were the exception . But the modern-day reality show genre , spearheaded nearly a decade ago by the first edition of CBS ' "  Survivor , " has become a tidal wave of cost-efficient TV programming starring ... pretty much anyone . Its inhabitants increasingly are called on to step up the pace in pursuit of myriad available slots on networks large , small and sometimes desperate . Stand out in a crowd , or be pushed aside by someone who will . Crashing a White House state dinner has proved to be just the ticket for the fame-craving Salahis . Their audacious breach of Secret Service security has trumped the reality show aspirations of the "  balloon boy " family and possibly even knocked Jon Gosselin out of the "  Entertainment Tonight " spotlight for a day or two . Imagine that . What does this say about us as a people ? Well , the quest for fame is hardly new . Nor is our collective fascination with train wrecks . What 's changed is the escalation in available venues . There 's seemingly no limit to the number of enablers out there . Hitting it big with a "  reality " franchise can work wonders for a TV network 's bottom line , overall visibility -- or both . Once upon a time , TLC was The Learning Channel . You actually could learn something by watching its instructional and educational programming . But the network gradually got out of that business . And it hit the mother lode with "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " which eventually became the public face of a broken marriage while making the Gosselins internationally famous . Bravo , home to the ever-expanding "  Real Housewives " franchise , used to devote itself to the performing arts . That began to change in a hurry after NBC Universal took control of the network in 2002 . The network now offers a virtual wall-to-wall reality lineup , with only occasional intrusions from "  Inside the Actors Studio , " the only remaining evidence of what Bravo used to be . A&E originally launched as the Arts & Entertainment Network . Believe it or not , it once housed an anthology series , "  A&E Stage , " that brought its audience plays , concerts , documentaries and even opera . The reality bug long since has bitten hard , though , with the once high-minded cable outlet now best known for "  Dog the Bounty Hunter , Intervention " and "  Criss Angel Mindfreak . " MTV used to be nothing but music videos . "  The Real World " changed everything . NBC had a long and well-earned reputation for Emmy-caliber comedies and dramas such as "  Seinfeld , " "  The Cosby Show , " "  Frasier , " "  Hill Street Blues , " "  ER " and "  L.A. Law . " Now its most popular attraction , other than "  Sunday Night Football , " is a weekly two-hour dose of "  The Biggest Loser , " where little other than size matters . Against this backdrop , the Salahis in a way are only acting naturally . That 's lamentable , a sad commentary , an appalling sign of our times , etc. , etc. . But TV has created -- and continues to create -- a bottomless pit of venues where preeners are prized commodities and abnormal behavior is not only encouraged but intrinsic to the common goal . The lone exception these days appears to be major league baseball . When a goofball fan runs out onto the field , the cameras turn away so as not to reward the trespasser with a minute or two of national or regional exposure . What a concept . Too bad it 'll never catch on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Reality shows are a low-cost form of entertainment for TV networks , says Ed Bark
CNN  -- All the world 's a stage , Shakespeare wrote long before television came into view . Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes , Andy Warhol added a few centuries later . Which leads us inexorably to Michaele and Tareq Salahi 's exuberant Facebook posting : "  Honored to be at the White House for the state dinner in honor of India with President Obama and our First Lady ! " They have the pictures to prove it , and the overnight fame , too . The Salahis , with a Bravo camera crew in tow , apparently were trying to ratchet up their prospects for the cable network 's upcoming "  The Real Housewives of D.C. " If only the Salahis were the exception . But the modern-day reality show genre , spearheaded nearly a decade ago by the first edition of CBS ' "  Survivor , " has become a tidal wave of cost-efficient TV programming starring ... pretty much anyone . Its inhabitants increasingly are called on to step up the pace in pursuit of myriad available slots on networks large , small and sometimes desperate . Stand out in a crowd , or be pushed aside by someone who will . Crashing a White House state dinner has proved to be just the ticket for the fame-craving Salahis . Their audacious breach of Secret Service security has trumped the reality show aspirations of the "  balloon boy " family and possibly even knocked Jon Gosselin out of the "  Entertainment Tonight " spotlight for a day or two . Imagine that . What does this say about us as a people ? Well , the quest for fame is hardly new . Nor is our collective fascination with train wrecks . What 's changed is the escalation in available venues . There 's seemingly no limit to the number of enablers out there . Hitting it big with a "  reality " franchise can work wonders for a TV network 's bottom line , overall visibility -- or both . Once upon a time , TLC was The Learning Channel . You actually could learn something by watching its instructional and educational programming . But the network gradually got out of that business . And it hit the mother lode with "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " which eventually became the public face of a broken marriage while making the Gosselins internationally famous . Bravo , home to the ever-expanding "  Real Housewives " franchise , used to devote itself to the performing arts . That began to change in a hurry after NBC Universal took control of the network in 2002 . The network now offers a virtual wall-to-wall reality lineup , with only occasional intrusions from "  Inside the Actors Studio , " the only remaining evidence of what Bravo used to be . A&E originally launched as the Arts & Entertainment Network . Believe it or not , it once housed an anthology series , "  A&E Stage , " that brought its audience plays , concerts , documentaries and even opera . The reality bug long since has bitten hard , though , with the once high-minded cable outlet now best known for "  Dog the Bounty Hunter , Intervention " and "  Criss Angel Mindfreak . " MTV used to be nothing but music videos . "  The Real World " changed everything . NBC had a long and well-earned reputation for Emmy-caliber comedies and dramas such as "  Seinfeld , " "  The Cosby Show , " "  Frasier , " "  Hill Street Blues , " "  ER " and "  L.A. Law . " Now its most popular attraction , other than "  Sunday Night Football , " is a weekly two-hour dose of "  The Biggest Loser , " where little other than size matters . Against this backdrop , the Salahis in a way are only acting naturally . That 's lamentable , a sad commentary , an appalling sign of our times , etc. , etc. . But TV has created -- and continues to create -- a bottomless pit of venues where preeners are prized commodities and abnormal behavior is not only encouraged but intrinsic to the common goal . The lone exception these days appears to be major league baseball . When a goofball fan runs out onto the field , the cameras turn away so as not to reward the trespasser with a minute or two of national or regional exposure . What a concept . Too bad it 'll never catch on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	He says the shows encourage people to do attention-getting stunts
CNN  -- All the world 's a stage , Shakespeare wrote long before television came into view . Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes , Andy Warhol added a few centuries later . Which leads us inexorably to Michaele and Tareq Salahi 's exuberant Facebook posting : "  Honored to be at the White House for the state dinner in honor of India with President Obama and our First Lady ! " They have the pictures to prove it , and the overnight fame , too . The Salahis , with a Bravo camera crew in tow , apparently were trying to ratchet up their prospects for the cable network 's upcoming "  The Real Housewives of D.C. " If only the Salahis were the exception . But the modern-day reality show genre , spearheaded nearly a decade ago by the first edition of CBS ' "  Survivor , " has become a tidal wave of cost-efficient TV programming starring ... pretty much anyone . Its inhabitants increasingly are called on to step up the pace in pursuit of myriad available slots on networks large , small and sometimes desperate . Stand out in a crowd , or be pushed aside by someone who will . Crashing a White House state dinner has proved to be just the ticket for the fame-craving Salahis . Their audacious breach of Secret Service security has trumped the reality show aspirations of the "  balloon boy " family and possibly even knocked Jon Gosselin out of the "  Entertainment Tonight " spotlight for a day or two . Imagine that . What does this say about us as a people ? Well , the quest for fame is hardly new . Nor is our collective fascination with train wrecks . What 's changed is the escalation in available venues . There 's seemingly no limit to the number of enablers out there . Hitting it big with a "  reality " franchise can work wonders for a TV network 's bottom line , overall visibility -- or both . Once upon a time , TLC was The Learning Channel . You actually could learn something by watching its instructional and educational programming . But the network gradually got out of that business . And it hit the mother lode with "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " which eventually became the public face of a broken marriage while making the Gosselins internationally famous . Bravo , home to the ever-expanding "  Real Housewives " franchise , used to devote itself to the performing arts . That began to change in a hurry after NBC Universal took control of the network in 2002 . The network now offers a virtual wall-to-wall reality lineup , with only occasional intrusions from "  Inside the Actors Studio , " the only remaining evidence of what Bravo used to be . A&E originally launched as the Arts & Entertainment Network . Believe it or not , it once housed an anthology series , "  A&E Stage , " that brought its audience plays , concerts , documentaries and even opera . The reality bug long since has bitten hard , though , with the once high-minded cable outlet now best known for "  Dog the Bounty Hunter , Intervention " and "  Criss Angel Mindfreak . " MTV used to be nothing but music videos . "  The Real World " changed everything . NBC had a long and well-earned reputation for Emmy-caliber comedies and dramas such as "  Seinfeld , " "  The Cosby Show , " "  Frasier , " "  Hill Street Blues , " "  ER " and "  L.A. Law . " Now its most popular attraction , other than "  Sunday Night Football , " is a weekly two-hour dose of "  The Biggest Loser , " where little other than size matters . Against this backdrop , the Salahis in a way are only acting naturally . That 's lamentable , a sad commentary , an appalling sign of our times , etc. , etc. . But TV has created -- and continues to create -- a bottomless pit of venues where preeners are prized commodities and abnormal behavior is not only encouraged but intrinsic to the common goal . The lone exception these days appears to be major league baseball . When a goofball fan runs out onto the field , the cameras turn away so as not to reward the trespasser with a minute or two of national or regional exposure . What a concept . Too bad it 'll never catch on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Bark says the White House gate crashers topped "  Jon & Kate " and the "  balloon boy " story
CNN  -- All the world 's a stage , Shakespeare wrote long before television came into view . Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes , Andy Warhol added a few centuries later . Which leads us inexorably to Michaele and Tareq Salahi 's exuberant Facebook posting : "  Honored to be at the White House for the state dinner in honor of India with President Obama and our First Lady ! " They have the pictures to prove it , and the overnight fame , too . The Salahis , with a Bravo camera crew in tow , apparently were trying to ratchet up their prospects for the cable network 's upcoming "  The Real Housewives of D.C. " If only the Salahis were the exception . But the modern-day reality show genre , spearheaded nearly a decade ago by the first edition of CBS ' "  Survivor , " has become a tidal wave of cost-efficient TV programming starring ... pretty much anyone . Its inhabitants increasingly are called on to step up the pace in pursuit of myriad available slots on networks large , small and sometimes desperate . Stand out in a crowd , or be pushed aside by someone who will . Crashing a White House state dinner has proved to be just the ticket for the fame-craving Salahis . Their audacious breach of Secret Service security has trumped the reality show aspirations of the "  balloon boy " family and possibly even knocked Jon Gosselin out of the "  Entertainment Tonight " spotlight for a day or two . Imagine that . What does this say about us as a people ? Well , the quest for fame is hardly new . Nor is our collective fascination with train wrecks . What 's changed is the escalation in available venues . There 's seemingly no limit to the number of enablers out there . Hitting it big with a "  reality " franchise can work wonders for a TV network 's bottom line , overall visibility -- or both . Once upon a time , TLC was The Learning Channel . You actually could learn something by watching its instructional and educational programming . But the network gradually got out of that business . And it hit the mother lode with "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " which eventually became the public face of a broken marriage while making the Gosselins internationally famous . Bravo , home to the ever-expanding "  Real Housewives " franchise , used to devote itself to the performing arts . That began to change in a hurry after NBC Universal took control of the network in 2002 . The network now offers a virtual wall-to-wall reality lineup , with only occasional intrusions from "  Inside the Actors Studio , " the only remaining evidence of what Bravo used to be . A&E originally launched as the Arts & Entertainment Network . Believe it or not , it once housed an anthology series , "  A&E Stage , " that brought its audience plays , concerts , documentaries and even opera . The reality bug long since has bitten hard , though , with the once high-minded cable outlet now best known for "  Dog the Bounty Hunter , Intervention " and "  Criss Angel Mindfreak . " MTV used to be nothing but music videos . "  The Real World " changed everything . NBC had a long and well-earned reputation for Emmy-caliber comedies and dramas such as "  Seinfeld , " "  The Cosby Show , " "  Frasier , " "  Hill Street Blues , " "  ER " and "  L.A. Law . " Now its most popular attraction , other than "  Sunday Night Football , " is a weekly two-hour dose of "  The Biggest Loser , " where little other than size matters . Against this backdrop , the Salahis in a way are only acting naturally . That 's lamentable , a sad commentary , an appalling sign of our times , etc. , etc. . But TV has created -- and continues to create -- a bottomless pit of venues where preeners are prized commodities and abnormal behavior is not only encouraged but intrinsic to the common goal . The lone exception these days appears to be major league baseball . When a goofball fan runs out onto the field , the cameras turn away so as not to reward the trespasser with a minute or two of national or regional exposure . What a concept . Too bad it 'll never catch on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	TV has created a "  bottomless pit " of venues for abnormal behavior , Bark says
CNN  -- A week into the Haitian disaster , the desperate and dusty faces of both survivors and rescuers tell a plaintive story : We need more , more , more . And fast . The capital 's airport , the country 's roads and its ports were devastated by last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , leaving Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water . "  The significant limiting factor in terms of our ability to move forward is a reality of the infrastructure in Haiti , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Tuesday . "  But to the credit of the United States military , we started the operation  at Port-au-Prince 's airport  with maybe 20 or so flights a day . They 're now up well over 100 . " The goal , he said , is to double that number . Opening a second runway would help , he said . So , too , would lighting at the airport . Search list of missing and found "  Last night , we could n't see to land the plane that was supposed to land , " said Renzo Fricke , the chief of Haiti operations for the aid organization Doctors Without Borders . "  The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that could n't land . The night before it was the same . That 's our fourth plane that 's not able to land . " Fricke told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday that although the organization was "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , the work went on . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he said . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Fricke said that some equipment and other materials are coming into Haiti by road from the Dominican Republic , a route that Crowley cited as one of several that are slowly being opened to channel aid . The airport , the ports , U.S. Navy ships with helicopters and a U.S. Marine unit are all important to getting vital supplies into the country , Crowley said . High-resolution images of damage Maj. Gen. Dan Allyn , the U.S. commander of the Haiti task force , told reporters that Haiti should see some "  initial operating capacity " at its ports by the end of the week -- including the capability of bringing in fuel needed to take trucks into more remote areas . Additionally , he said that officials were looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at the city of Jacmel "  to relieve some of the immediate pressure on Port-au-Prince airfield . " Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps , which has a long-standing program in Haiti , said that aid is clearly increasing daily , but much more needs to be done . "  Operations here have been an incredible challenge , and Mercy Corps has done emergency response for years and years and is very seasoned , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we have to say this is probably one of the hardest ones we 've had . "  We are working out of an office . Right now our office is overflowing . It 's a place where we all sleep , we all eat granola bars , and we all do our work there . " Full coverage | Twitter updates A more-than-welcome sight arrives off Haiti Wednesday morning : the U.S. Naval Ship Comfort , a state-of-the-art hospital ship that saw duty during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 in New Orleans and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , among others . The ship , which can house up to 1,000 patients , brings with it more than 1,000 medical and support personnel . But on the ground , caregivers struggle to provide the kind of care their patients need . Dr. Robert Fuller of the International Medical Corps , a group of volunteer medical personnel , said that his group is hoping to have intensive-care units in "  a handful of days . " "  Things are coming together , but it is certainly not the way it is back home , " he said . "  Right now we have seven operating rooms up and running on the campus . We could really use 20 probably . At times we run so low on medications that it gets difficult to know whether we will continue to operate . " Dr. Mark Hyman from Partners in Health , which also has a long-standing program in Haiti , said the military effort to get Haiti running again is working , but the need is simply unimaginable . "  Look , there 's hundreds of thousands of patients that are injured , " he said . "  There 's hundreds of thousands of others that have been killed probably , that we have n't even accounted for , and there 's 150 nurses buried a few feet from here in the rubble of the nursing building . " And even those military personnel on the ground were spread widely . Brig. Gen. Floriano Peixoto , force commander of the Brazilian troops who make up the U.N. command in Haiti , said his soldiers were there to do whatever is needed . "  We understand that the country deserves more in terms of humanitarian aid and security , but our forces are dedicated to different fronts , including aid , security , search or bodies , recovery of missing people , " he said . "  It 's a large amount of tasks to be done . "	Capital 's airport , country 's roads and ports were devastated by last week 's earthquake
CNN  -- A week into the Haitian disaster , the desperate and dusty faces of both survivors and rescuers tell a plaintive story : We need more , more , more . And fast . The capital 's airport , the country 's roads and its ports were devastated by last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , leaving Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water . "  The significant limiting factor in terms of our ability to move forward is a reality of the infrastructure in Haiti , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Tuesday . "  But to the credit of the United States military , we started the operation  at Port-au-Prince 's airport  with maybe 20 or so flights a day . They 're now up well over 100 . " The goal , he said , is to double that number . Opening a second runway would help , he said . So , too , would lighting at the airport . Search list of missing and found "  Last night , we could n't see to land the plane that was supposed to land , " said Renzo Fricke , the chief of Haiti operations for the aid organization Doctors Without Borders . "  The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that could n't land . The night before it was the same . That 's our fourth plane that 's not able to land . " Fricke told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday that although the organization was "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , the work went on . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he said . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Fricke said that some equipment and other materials are coming into Haiti by road from the Dominican Republic , a route that Crowley cited as one of several that are slowly being opened to channel aid . The airport , the ports , U.S. Navy ships with helicopters and a U.S. Marine unit are all important to getting vital supplies into the country , Crowley said . High-resolution images of damage Maj. Gen. Dan Allyn , the U.S. commander of the Haiti task force , told reporters that Haiti should see some "  initial operating capacity " at its ports by the end of the week -- including the capability of bringing in fuel needed to take trucks into more remote areas . Additionally , he said that officials were looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at the city of Jacmel "  to relieve some of the immediate pressure on Port-au-Prince airfield . " Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps , which has a long-standing program in Haiti , said that aid is clearly increasing daily , but much more needs to be done . "  Operations here have been an incredible challenge , and Mercy Corps has done emergency response for years and years and is very seasoned , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we have to say this is probably one of the hardest ones we 've had . "  We are working out of an office . Right now our office is overflowing . It 's a place where we all sleep , we all eat granola bars , and we all do our work there . " Full coverage | Twitter updates A more-than-welcome sight arrives off Haiti Wednesday morning : the U.S. Naval Ship Comfort , a state-of-the-art hospital ship that saw duty during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 in New Orleans and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , among others . The ship , which can house up to 1,000 patients , brings with it more than 1,000 medical and support personnel . But on the ground , caregivers struggle to provide the kind of care their patients need . Dr. Robert Fuller of the International Medical Corps , a group of volunteer medical personnel , said that his group is hoping to have intensive-care units in "  a handful of days . " "  Things are coming together , but it is certainly not the way it is back home , " he said . "  Right now we have seven operating rooms up and running on the campus . We could really use 20 probably . At times we run so low on medications that it gets difficult to know whether we will continue to operate . " Dr. Mark Hyman from Partners in Health , which also has a long-standing program in Haiti , said the military effort to get Haiti running again is working , but the need is simply unimaginable . "  Look , there 's hundreds of thousands of patients that are injured , " he said . "  There 's hundreds of thousands of others that have been killed probably , that we have n't even accounted for , and there 's 150 nurses buried a few feet from here in the rubble of the nursing building . " And even those military personnel on the ground were spread widely . Brig. Gen. Floriano Peixoto , force commander of the Brazilian troops who make up the U.N. command in Haiti , said his soldiers were there to do whatever is needed . "  We understand that the country deserves more in terms of humanitarian aid and security , but our forces are dedicated to different fronts , including aid , security , search or bodies , recovery of missing people , " he said . "  It 's a large amount of tasks to be done . "	Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water
CNN  -- A week into the Haitian disaster , the desperate and dusty faces of both survivors and rescuers tell a plaintive story : We need more , more , more . And fast . The capital 's airport , the country 's roads and its ports were devastated by last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , leaving Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water . "  The significant limiting factor in terms of our ability to move forward is a reality of the infrastructure in Haiti , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Tuesday . "  But to the credit of the United States military , we started the operation  at Port-au-Prince 's airport  with maybe 20 or so flights a day . They 're now up well over 100 . " The goal , he said , is to double that number . Opening a second runway would help , he said . So , too , would lighting at the airport . Search list of missing and found "  Last night , we could n't see to land the plane that was supposed to land , " said Renzo Fricke , the chief of Haiti operations for the aid organization Doctors Without Borders . "  The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that could n't land . The night before it was the same . That 's our fourth plane that 's not able to land . " Fricke told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday that although the organization was "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , the work went on . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he said . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Fricke said that some equipment and other materials are coming into Haiti by road from the Dominican Republic , a route that Crowley cited as one of several that are slowly being opened to channel aid . The airport , the ports , U.S. Navy ships with helicopters and a U.S. Marine unit are all important to getting vital supplies into the country , Crowley said . High-resolution images of damage Maj. Gen. Dan Allyn , the U.S. commander of the Haiti task force , told reporters that Haiti should see some "  initial operating capacity " at its ports by the end of the week -- including the capability of bringing in fuel needed to take trucks into more remote areas . Additionally , he said that officials were looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at the city of Jacmel "  to relieve some of the immediate pressure on Port-au-Prince airfield . " Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps , which has a long-standing program in Haiti , said that aid is clearly increasing daily , but much more needs to be done . "  Operations here have been an incredible challenge , and Mercy Corps has done emergency response for years and years and is very seasoned , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we have to say this is probably one of the hardest ones we 've had . "  We are working out of an office . Right now our office is overflowing . It 's a place where we all sleep , we all eat granola bars , and we all do our work there . " Full coverage | Twitter updates A more-than-welcome sight arrives off Haiti Wednesday morning : the U.S. Naval Ship Comfort , a state-of-the-art hospital ship that saw duty during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 in New Orleans and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , among others . The ship , which can house up to 1,000 patients , brings with it more than 1,000 medical and support personnel . But on the ground , caregivers struggle to provide the kind of care their patients need . Dr. Robert Fuller of the International Medical Corps , a group of volunteer medical personnel , said that his group is hoping to have intensive-care units in "  a handful of days . " "  Things are coming together , but it is certainly not the way it is back home , " he said . "  Right now we have seven operating rooms up and running on the campus . We could really use 20 probably . At times we run so low on medications that it gets difficult to know whether we will continue to operate . " Dr. Mark Hyman from Partners in Health , which also has a long-standing program in Haiti , said the military effort to get Haiti running again is working , but the need is simply unimaginable . "  Look , there 's hundreds of thousands of patients that are injured , " he said . "  There 's hundreds of thousands of others that have been killed probably , that we have n't even accounted for , and there 's 150 nurses buried a few feet from here in the rubble of the nursing building . " And even those military personnel on the ground were spread widely . Brig. Gen. Floriano Peixoto , force commander of the Brazilian troops who make up the U.N. command in Haiti , said his soldiers were there to do whatever is needed . "  We understand that the country deserves more in terms of humanitarian aid and security , but our forces are dedicated to different fronts , including aid , security , search or bodies , recovery of missing people , " he said . "  It 's a large amount of tasks to be done . "	Some equipment and other materials coming into Haiti by road from Dominican Republic
CNN  -- A week into the Haitian disaster , the desperate and dusty faces of both survivors and rescuers tell a plaintive story : We need more , more , more . And fast . The capital 's airport , the country 's roads and its ports were devastated by last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , leaving Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water . "  The significant limiting factor in terms of our ability to move forward is a reality of the infrastructure in Haiti , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Tuesday . "  But to the credit of the United States military , we started the operation  at Port-au-Prince 's airport  with maybe 20 or so flights a day . They 're now up well over 100 . " The goal , he said , is to double that number . Opening a second runway would help , he said . So , too , would lighting at the airport . Search list of missing and found "  Last night , we could n't see to land the plane that was supposed to land , " said Renzo Fricke , the chief of Haiti operations for the aid organization Doctors Without Borders . "  The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that could n't land . The night before it was the same . That 's our fourth plane that 's not able to land . " Fricke told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday that although the organization was "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , the work went on . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he said . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Fricke said that some equipment and other materials are coming into Haiti by road from the Dominican Republic , a route that Crowley cited as one of several that are slowly being opened to channel aid . The airport , the ports , U.S. Navy ships with helicopters and a U.S. Marine unit are all important to getting vital supplies into the country , Crowley said . High-resolution images of damage Maj. Gen. Dan Allyn , the U.S. commander of the Haiti task force , told reporters that Haiti should see some "  initial operating capacity " at its ports by the end of the week -- including the capability of bringing in fuel needed to take trucks into more remote areas . Additionally , he said that officials were looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at the city of Jacmel "  to relieve some of the immediate pressure on Port-au-Prince airfield . " Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps , which has a long-standing program in Haiti , said that aid is clearly increasing daily , but much more needs to be done . "  Operations here have been an incredible challenge , and Mercy Corps has done emergency response for years and years and is very seasoned , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we have to say this is probably one of the hardest ones we 've had . "  We are working out of an office . Right now our office is overflowing . It 's a place where we all sleep , we all eat granola bars , and we all do our work there . " Full coverage | Twitter updates A more-than-welcome sight arrives off Haiti Wednesday morning : the U.S. Naval Ship Comfort , a state-of-the-art hospital ship that saw duty during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 in New Orleans and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , among others . The ship , which can house up to 1,000 patients , brings with it more than 1,000 medical and support personnel . But on the ground , caregivers struggle to provide the kind of care their patients need . Dr. Robert Fuller of the International Medical Corps , a group of volunteer medical personnel , said that his group is hoping to have intensive-care units in "  a handful of days . " "  Things are coming together , but it is certainly not the way it is back home , " he said . "  Right now we have seven operating rooms up and running on the campus . We could really use 20 probably . At times we run so low on medications that it gets difficult to know whether we will continue to operate . " Dr. Mark Hyman from Partners in Health , which also has a long-standing program in Haiti , said the military effort to get Haiti running again is working , but the need is simply unimaginable . "  Look , there 's hundreds of thousands of patients that are injured , " he said . "  There 's hundreds of thousands of others that have been killed probably , that we have n't even accounted for , and there 's 150 nurses buried a few feet from here in the rubble of the nursing building . " And even those military personnel on the ground were spread widely . Brig. Gen. Floriano Peixoto , force commander of the Brazilian troops who make up the U.N. command in Haiti , said his soldiers were there to do whatever is needed . "  We understand that the country deserves more in terms of humanitarian aid and security , but our forces are dedicated to different fronts , including aid , security , search or bodies , recovery of missing people , " he said . "  It 's a large amount of tasks to be done . "	Officials looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at Haitian city of Jacmel
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- If a kewpie doll sang in a band and had two kids , she 'd be Gwen Stefani . Gwen Stefani was ready to get back with No Doubt after two solo albums and an active home life . The pop star and style icon turns 40 this fall , but she still uses words like "  you know " and "  like " at least five times a minute . That 's part of Stefani 's charm , and her carefree teenybopper mentality is one of the many reasons fans are excited about her first tour with No Doubt in half a decade . It 's been 14 years since the quartet busted out of Orange County , California , with its signature sound of sunny , ska-influenced pop . In 2004 , No Doubt went on hiatus as Stefani launched the first of two successful solo albums . In the meantime , drummer Adrian Young and guitarist Tom Dumont worked on side projects and watched their families grow . Stefani and her husband -- former Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale -- welcomed two sons , while bassist Tony Kanal is the only member to remain single and child-free . No Doubt is currently in the midst of a 53-date North American tour , for which they 've dusted off such classic hits as "  Just a Girl , " "  Spiderwebs " and "  Bathwater . " Each member now travels in their own individual tour bus -- a must for an entourage that includes kids , toys and nannies . Watch No Doubt in concert , at rest " CNN : You 'd hear rumors every once in a while that you guys were breaking up , or had broken up . Were those annoying , or did you kind of roll your eyes and say , "  That 's part of the game ? " Adrian Young : I think we expected it . And there might even be some people that will think that we broke up , and that this is a reunion tour -- and it 's just not the truth . We went 17 straight years without stopping , and we started having families , and we were burnt and we needed to do our own thing for a while . CNN : What was it like to get all four of you together in a room again ? Tom Dumont : It 's kind of like an old glove . It just fits . Young : Like an O.J. glove ? Dumont : No , no , no . I know it 's a weird analogy , but in the sense of -- you know , it fits . Tony Kanal : You know when somebody says "  glove " now , you immediately think of O.J. Young : "  If it fits , you must acquit . " That 's our band motto now . Dumont : We 're not going to quit . We 're just great old friends . It 's almost like we 're brothers and sister , and it 's great to be having fun together again . Young : I feel more like we 're married . CNN : I hear it 's a little bit different this time . Instead of sharing a tour bus , you 'll each have your own individual buses . Kanal : This will be our first time on separate buses , only out of necessity . Everyone 's bringing their family . CNN : Are you just trying to get away from the kids , is that what you 're saying , Tony ?! Kanal : No , no , no ! I would love to be on the bus with them . Gwen Stefani : Tony 's going to be making kids on his bus . Kanal : Yeah , maybe my girlfriend and I will be in the process of starting our family . Stefani , Young and CNN  in unison  : Really ?! Kanal  ignoring everybody 's reaction  : But by default , I 'm putting a studio on my bus . Because I do n't have a crib on my bus -- they have cribs on their buses -- I 'm putting a studio on my bus so we can keep writing if the inspiration comes , and we feel like doing it . Stefani : We 're just putting the studio out there so we can pretend we might go out there and write songs , but we 're really just going to have fun . ... We like writing songs , as well -LSB- but -RSB- I have to tell you , it 's a very tortured process . There is nothing more rewarding when you know you 've written a hit , and you know this magic happened . CNN : Did you guys really go to group therapy ? Kanal : No . ... We had some self-imposed therapy sessions where we were trying to write music , and we were sitting in the room together , and a lot of stuff came out , and you know , it was kind of an emotional venting . We got rid of a lot of stuff . It was good . Stefani : We spent a lot of time together in the last 12 months . Right when I came off tour  from her second solo album , "  The Sweet Escape "  , we started to write , and I was pregnant  with her second son , Zuma  , and we did a lot of eating , a lot of chatting -- and then we had this magic 15 minutes from 4:45 to 5 o'clock where music would actually come out for a minute . One day , I was like , "  Argh ! I 'm in this room still ! Let 's go on tour ! " And everyone was like , "  OK ! " It was very spontaneous , and it 's all kind of geared towards getting out there ... and getting inspired , and hopefully coming out of the other side and making an album . CNN : Gwen , when you were off doing the two solo albums , did you feel guilty at all ? Because I know you all were trying to get back together for a couple of years . Stefani : I 'm one of those people that I have to follow the inspiration when it strikes . ... These guys are just very supportive . We 've been together forever -- forever , forever -- since we were kids , and this is just the one time in our lives we 've had a break from each other . Everybody did their own thing . And I think all of us doing our own thing makes us even more grateful for each other , and kind of definitely not taking each other for granted -- not that we ever did before . ... But it 's even more intense right now . CNN : Things have changed since the last time No Doubt was on the road , and there a lot of people who do n't have that disposable income to spend on tickets for concerts . Young : One of the things we did for this tour for some of the venues is we have $ 10 lawn tickets for people that maybe want to come to the show , but they 're strapped -- and we 've never done that before as No Doubt , and it feels really good to do that . CNN : I was calling this a reunion . Was that bad ? Stefani : We do n't really care . We 're just so happy that people want to come out and see the show , whatever they want to call it . We 're just happy that people still are even talking about it . ... Even if you did n't really like our songs , or you had this kind of idea about us , come see us live , and we 'll slap you around . You might have some fun , you know .	No Doubt is back together -- but do n't call it a reunion
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- If a kewpie doll sang in a band and had two kids , she 'd be Gwen Stefani . Gwen Stefani was ready to get back with No Doubt after two solo albums and an active home life . The pop star and style icon turns 40 this fall , but she still uses words like "  you know " and "  like " at least five times a minute . That 's part of Stefani 's charm , and her carefree teenybopper mentality is one of the many reasons fans are excited about her first tour with No Doubt in half a decade . It 's been 14 years since the quartet busted out of Orange County , California , with its signature sound of sunny , ska-influenced pop . In 2004 , No Doubt went on hiatus as Stefani launched the first of two successful solo albums . In the meantime , drummer Adrian Young and guitarist Tom Dumont worked on side projects and watched their families grow . Stefani and her husband -- former Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale -- welcomed two sons , while bassist Tony Kanal is the only member to remain single and child-free . No Doubt is currently in the midst of a 53-date North American tour , for which they 've dusted off such classic hits as "  Just a Girl , " "  Spiderwebs " and "  Bathwater . " Each member now travels in their own individual tour bus -- a must for an entourage that includes kids , toys and nannies . Watch No Doubt in concert , at rest " CNN : You 'd hear rumors every once in a while that you guys were breaking up , or had broken up . Were those annoying , or did you kind of roll your eyes and say , "  That 's part of the game ? " Adrian Young : I think we expected it . And there might even be some people that will think that we broke up , and that this is a reunion tour -- and it 's just not the truth . We went 17 straight years without stopping , and we started having families , and we were burnt and we needed to do our own thing for a while . CNN : What was it like to get all four of you together in a room again ? Tom Dumont : It 's kind of like an old glove . It just fits . Young : Like an O.J. glove ? Dumont : No , no , no . I know it 's a weird analogy , but in the sense of -- you know , it fits . Tony Kanal : You know when somebody says "  glove " now , you immediately think of O.J. Young : "  If it fits , you must acquit . " That 's our band motto now . Dumont : We 're not going to quit . We 're just great old friends . It 's almost like we 're brothers and sister , and it 's great to be having fun together again . Young : I feel more like we 're married . CNN : I hear it 's a little bit different this time . Instead of sharing a tour bus , you 'll each have your own individual buses . Kanal : This will be our first time on separate buses , only out of necessity . Everyone 's bringing their family . CNN : Are you just trying to get away from the kids , is that what you 're saying , Tony ?! Kanal : No , no , no ! I would love to be on the bus with them . Gwen Stefani : Tony 's going to be making kids on his bus . Kanal : Yeah , maybe my girlfriend and I will be in the process of starting our family . Stefani , Young and CNN  in unison  : Really ?! Kanal  ignoring everybody 's reaction  : But by default , I 'm putting a studio on my bus . Because I do n't have a crib on my bus -- they have cribs on their buses -- I 'm putting a studio on my bus so we can keep writing if the inspiration comes , and we feel like doing it . Stefani : We 're just putting the studio out there so we can pretend we might go out there and write songs , but we 're really just going to have fun . ... We like writing songs , as well -LSB- but -RSB- I have to tell you , it 's a very tortured process . There is nothing more rewarding when you know you 've written a hit , and you know this magic happened . CNN : Did you guys really go to group therapy ? Kanal : No . ... We had some self-imposed therapy sessions where we were trying to write music , and we were sitting in the room together , and a lot of stuff came out , and you know , it was kind of an emotional venting . We got rid of a lot of stuff . It was good . Stefani : We spent a lot of time together in the last 12 months . Right when I came off tour  from her second solo album , "  The Sweet Escape "  , we started to write , and I was pregnant  with her second son , Zuma  , and we did a lot of eating , a lot of chatting -- and then we had this magic 15 minutes from 4:45 to 5 o'clock where music would actually come out for a minute . One day , I was like , "  Argh ! I 'm in this room still ! Let 's go on tour ! " And everyone was like , "  OK ! " It was very spontaneous , and it 's all kind of geared towards getting out there ... and getting inspired , and hopefully coming out of the other side and making an album . CNN : Gwen , when you were off doing the two solo albums , did you feel guilty at all ? Because I know you all were trying to get back together for a couple of years . Stefani : I 'm one of those people that I have to follow the inspiration when it strikes . ... These guys are just very supportive . We 've been together forever -- forever , forever -- since we were kids , and this is just the one time in our lives we 've had a break from each other . Everybody did their own thing . And I think all of us doing our own thing makes us even more grateful for each other , and kind of definitely not taking each other for granted -- not that we ever did before . ... But it 's even more intense right now . CNN : Things have changed since the last time No Doubt was on the road , and there a lot of people who do n't have that disposable income to spend on tickets for concerts . Young : One of the things we did for this tour for some of the venues is we have $ 10 lawn tickets for people that maybe want to come to the show , but they 're strapped -- and we 've never done that before as No Doubt , and it feels really good to do that . CNN : I was calling this a reunion . Was that bad ? Stefani : We do n't really care . We 're just so happy that people want to come out and see the show , whatever they want to call it . We 're just happy that people still are even talking about it . ... Even if you did n't really like our songs , or you had this kind of idea about us , come see us live , and we 'll slap you around . You might have some fun , you know .	Band had taken break while having families , Gwen Stefani making solo records
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- If a kewpie doll sang in a band and had two kids , she 'd be Gwen Stefani . Gwen Stefani was ready to get back with No Doubt after two solo albums and an active home life . The pop star and style icon turns 40 this fall , but she still uses words like "  you know " and "  like " at least five times a minute . That 's part of Stefani 's charm , and her carefree teenybopper mentality is one of the many reasons fans are excited about her first tour with No Doubt in half a decade . It 's been 14 years since the quartet busted out of Orange County , California , with its signature sound of sunny , ska-influenced pop . In 2004 , No Doubt went on hiatus as Stefani launched the first of two successful solo albums . In the meantime , drummer Adrian Young and guitarist Tom Dumont worked on side projects and watched their families grow . Stefani and her husband -- former Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale -- welcomed two sons , while bassist Tony Kanal is the only member to remain single and child-free . No Doubt is currently in the midst of a 53-date North American tour , for which they 've dusted off such classic hits as "  Just a Girl , " "  Spiderwebs " and "  Bathwater . " Each member now travels in their own individual tour bus -- a must for an entourage that includes kids , toys and nannies . Watch No Doubt in concert , at rest " CNN : You 'd hear rumors every once in a while that you guys were breaking up , or had broken up . Were those annoying , or did you kind of roll your eyes and say , "  That 's part of the game ? " Adrian Young : I think we expected it . And there might even be some people that will think that we broke up , and that this is a reunion tour -- and it 's just not the truth . We went 17 straight years without stopping , and we started having families , and we were burnt and we needed to do our own thing for a while . CNN : What was it like to get all four of you together in a room again ? Tom Dumont : It 's kind of like an old glove . It just fits . Young : Like an O.J. glove ? Dumont : No , no , no . I know it 's a weird analogy , but in the sense of -- you know , it fits . Tony Kanal : You know when somebody says "  glove " now , you immediately think of O.J. Young : "  If it fits , you must acquit . " That 's our band motto now . Dumont : We 're not going to quit . We 're just great old friends . It 's almost like we 're brothers and sister , and it 's great to be having fun together again . Young : I feel more like we 're married . CNN : I hear it 's a little bit different this time . Instead of sharing a tour bus , you 'll each have your own individual buses . Kanal : This will be our first time on separate buses , only out of necessity . Everyone 's bringing their family . CNN : Are you just trying to get away from the kids , is that what you 're saying , Tony ?! Kanal : No , no , no ! I would love to be on the bus with them . Gwen Stefani : Tony 's going to be making kids on his bus . Kanal : Yeah , maybe my girlfriend and I will be in the process of starting our family . Stefani , Young and CNN  in unison  : Really ?! Kanal  ignoring everybody 's reaction  : But by default , I 'm putting a studio on my bus . Because I do n't have a crib on my bus -- they have cribs on their buses -- I 'm putting a studio on my bus so we can keep writing if the inspiration comes , and we feel like doing it . Stefani : We 're just putting the studio out there so we can pretend we might go out there and write songs , but we 're really just going to have fun . ... We like writing songs , as well -LSB- but -RSB- I have to tell you , it 's a very tortured process . There is nothing more rewarding when you know you 've written a hit , and you know this magic happened . CNN : Did you guys really go to group therapy ? Kanal : No . ... We had some self-imposed therapy sessions where we were trying to write music , and we were sitting in the room together , and a lot of stuff came out , and you know , it was kind of an emotional venting . We got rid of a lot of stuff . It was good . Stefani : We spent a lot of time together in the last 12 months . Right when I came off tour  from her second solo album , "  The Sweet Escape "  , we started to write , and I was pregnant  with her second son , Zuma  , and we did a lot of eating , a lot of chatting -- and then we had this magic 15 minutes from 4:45 to 5 o'clock where music would actually come out for a minute . One day , I was like , "  Argh ! I 'm in this room still ! Let 's go on tour ! " And everyone was like , "  OK ! " It was very spontaneous , and it 's all kind of geared towards getting out there ... and getting inspired , and hopefully coming out of the other side and making an album . CNN : Gwen , when you were off doing the two solo albums , did you feel guilty at all ? Because I know you all were trying to get back together for a couple of years . Stefani : I 'm one of those people that I have to follow the inspiration when it strikes . ... These guys are just very supportive . We 've been together forever -- forever , forever -- since we were kids , and this is just the one time in our lives we 've had a break from each other . Everybody did their own thing . And I think all of us doing our own thing makes us even more grateful for each other , and kind of definitely not taking each other for granted -- not that we ever did before . ... But it 's even more intense right now . CNN : Things have changed since the last time No Doubt was on the road , and there a lot of people who do n't have that disposable income to spend on tickets for concerts . Young : One of the things we did for this tour for some of the venues is we have $ 10 lawn tickets for people that maybe want to come to the show , but they 're strapped -- and we 've never done that before as No Doubt , and it feels really good to do that . CNN : I was calling this a reunion . Was that bad ? Stefani : We do n't really care . We 're just so happy that people want to come out and see the show , whatever they want to call it . We 're just happy that people still are even talking about it . ... Even if you did n't really like our songs , or you had this kind of idea about us , come see us live , and we 'll slap you around . You might have some fun , you know .	Stefani plans to have fun ; tour is a way of getting recharged
CNN  -- The federal government must get out of the business of collecting bulk data about Americans ' telephone calls , President Barack Obama said Thursday , saying the information should instead be held by phone carriers who would then provide the material to counterterrorism agencies . The shift came after the collection program , administered by the National Security Agency , was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden . The bulk collection of telephone records was criticized as a major breach of Americans ' privacy , and Obama vowed to make changes to the program while maintaining the ability to keep the country safe from terrorist attacks . "  I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk , " Obama said in a written statement . "  Instead , the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today . " A months-long review led to the decision , which Obama announced while on an overseas tour of Europe and Saudi Arabia . Congress would have to approve the plan ; this week , the House Intelligence Committee introduced similar legislation that would end government collection of phone data . Officials said the White House-proposed changes would require a federal court to grant its approval before the government could obtain phone records from carriers . Those records contain information about calls made to individual phone numbers but do not include the content of the calls . Among the provisions included in the White House 's suggested law is an "  emergency " clause allowing the government to collect phone data without court approval . A senior administration official , speaking anonymously , said high-level government officials would determine what situations amount to national security emergencies , though the official did n't offer a definition of what might constitute such an occasion . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Under the new rules , phone companies would be compelled to provide technical assistance to the government during the collection process . That includes making sure the information is produced quickly and in a usable format . A U.S. official said the White House had "  fairly high-level discussions with some of the providers " to discuss the changes and how they 'd affect individual businesses . Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes was largely lukewarm . A spokesman for Sprint said the company was reviewing the proposal , while AT&T declined to comment . Randal Milch , general counsel and executive vice president at Verizon , said the telecom giant supported the plan to end government collection of data but added that the new rules "  should not require companies to store data for longer than , or in formats that differ from , what they already do for business purposes . " "  If Verizon receives a valid request for business records , we will respond in a timely way , but companies should not be required to create , analyze or retain records for reasons other than business purposes , " he wrote . Because the current authorization for the government phone data collection program expires this week , officials said the government would seek an additional 90-day approval period while the proposed legislation makes its way through Congress . On Tuesday , Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee -- unveiled their own plan for ending the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata . The issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation , especially in an election year . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Rand Paul took harsh aim at Obama 's record on privacy as the President was meeting with Pope Francis in Rome . " @BarackObama to @Pontifex : Forgive me father for I have spied . #NSA , " tweeted Paul , who 's been one of the fiercest critics of the NSA spying programs that Snowden helped reveal . Those leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post-9 / 11 era . Opinion : Get the government out of your phone records CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes is largely lukewarm
CNN  -- The federal government must get out of the business of collecting bulk data about Americans ' telephone calls , President Barack Obama said Thursday , saying the information should instead be held by phone carriers who would then provide the material to counterterrorism agencies . The shift came after the collection program , administered by the National Security Agency , was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden . The bulk collection of telephone records was criticized as a major breach of Americans ' privacy , and Obama vowed to make changes to the program while maintaining the ability to keep the country safe from terrorist attacks . "  I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk , " Obama said in a written statement . "  Instead , the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today . " A months-long review led to the decision , which Obama announced while on an overseas tour of Europe and Saudi Arabia . Congress would have to approve the plan ; this week , the House Intelligence Committee introduced similar legislation that would end government collection of phone data . Officials said the White House-proposed changes would require a federal court to grant its approval before the government could obtain phone records from carriers . Those records contain information about calls made to individual phone numbers but do not include the content of the calls . Among the provisions included in the White House 's suggested law is an "  emergency " clause allowing the government to collect phone data without court approval . A senior administration official , speaking anonymously , said high-level government officials would determine what situations amount to national security emergencies , though the official did n't offer a definition of what might constitute such an occasion . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Under the new rules , phone companies would be compelled to provide technical assistance to the government during the collection process . That includes making sure the information is produced quickly and in a usable format . A U.S. official said the White House had "  fairly high-level discussions with some of the providers " to discuss the changes and how they 'd affect individual businesses . Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes was largely lukewarm . A spokesman for Sprint said the company was reviewing the proposal , while AT&T declined to comment . Randal Milch , general counsel and executive vice president at Verizon , said the telecom giant supported the plan to end government collection of data but added that the new rules "  should not require companies to store data for longer than , or in formats that differ from , what they already do for business purposes . " "  If Verizon receives a valid request for business records , we will respond in a timely way , but companies should not be required to create , analyze or retain records for reasons other than business purposes , " he wrote . Because the current authorization for the government phone data collection program expires this week , officials said the government would seek an additional 90-day approval period while the proposed legislation makes its way through Congress . On Tuesday , Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee -- unveiled their own plan for ending the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata . The issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation , especially in an election year . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Rand Paul took harsh aim at Obama 's record on privacy as the President was meeting with Pope Francis in Rome . " @BarackObama to @Pontifex : Forgive me father for I have spied . #NSA , " tweeted Paul , who 's been one of the fiercest critics of the NSA spying programs that Snowden helped reveal . Those leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post-9 / 11 era . Opinion : Get the government out of your phone records CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Data should stay with phone companies , President says
CNN  -- The federal government must get out of the business of collecting bulk data about Americans ' telephone calls , President Barack Obama said Thursday , saying the information should instead be held by phone carriers who would then provide the material to counterterrorism agencies . The shift came after the collection program , administered by the National Security Agency , was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden . The bulk collection of telephone records was criticized as a major breach of Americans ' privacy , and Obama vowed to make changes to the program while maintaining the ability to keep the country safe from terrorist attacks . "  I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk , " Obama said in a written statement . "  Instead , the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today . " A months-long review led to the decision , which Obama announced while on an overseas tour of Europe and Saudi Arabia . Congress would have to approve the plan ; this week , the House Intelligence Committee introduced similar legislation that would end government collection of phone data . Officials said the White House-proposed changes would require a federal court to grant its approval before the government could obtain phone records from carriers . Those records contain information about calls made to individual phone numbers but do not include the content of the calls . Among the provisions included in the White House 's suggested law is an "  emergency " clause allowing the government to collect phone data without court approval . A senior administration official , speaking anonymously , said high-level government officials would determine what situations amount to national security emergencies , though the official did n't offer a definition of what might constitute such an occasion . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Under the new rules , phone companies would be compelled to provide technical assistance to the government during the collection process . That includes making sure the information is produced quickly and in a usable format . A U.S. official said the White House had "  fairly high-level discussions with some of the providers " to discuss the changes and how they 'd affect individual businesses . Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes was largely lukewarm . A spokesman for Sprint said the company was reviewing the proposal , while AT&T declined to comment . Randal Milch , general counsel and executive vice president at Verizon , said the telecom giant supported the plan to end government collection of data but added that the new rules "  should not require companies to store data for longer than , or in formats that differ from , what they already do for business purposes . " "  If Verizon receives a valid request for business records , we will respond in a timely way , but companies should not be required to create , analyze or retain records for reasons other than business purposes , " he wrote . Because the current authorization for the government phone data collection program expires this week , officials said the government would seek an additional 90-day approval period while the proposed legislation makes its way through Congress . On Tuesday , Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee -- unveiled their own plan for ending the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata . The issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation , especially in an election year . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Rand Paul took harsh aim at Obama 's record on privacy as the President was meeting with Pope Francis in Rome . " @BarackObama to @Pontifex : Forgive me father for I have spied . #NSA , " tweeted Paul , who 's been one of the fiercest critics of the NSA spying programs that Snowden helped reveal . Those leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post-9 / 11 era . Opinion : Get the government out of your phone records CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Court approval would be required before the government could obtain phone records
CNN  -- The federal government must get out of the business of collecting bulk data about Americans ' telephone calls , President Barack Obama said Thursday , saying the information should instead be held by phone carriers who would then provide the material to counterterrorism agencies . The shift came after the collection program , administered by the National Security Agency , was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden . The bulk collection of telephone records was criticized as a major breach of Americans ' privacy , and Obama vowed to make changes to the program while maintaining the ability to keep the country safe from terrorist attacks . "  I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk , " Obama said in a written statement . "  Instead , the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today . " A months-long review led to the decision , which Obama announced while on an overseas tour of Europe and Saudi Arabia . Congress would have to approve the plan ; this week , the House Intelligence Committee introduced similar legislation that would end government collection of phone data . Officials said the White House-proposed changes would require a federal court to grant its approval before the government could obtain phone records from carriers . Those records contain information about calls made to individual phone numbers but do not include the content of the calls . Among the provisions included in the White House 's suggested law is an "  emergency " clause allowing the government to collect phone data without court approval . A senior administration official , speaking anonymously , said high-level government officials would determine what situations amount to national security emergencies , though the official did n't offer a definition of what might constitute such an occasion . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Under the new rules , phone companies would be compelled to provide technical assistance to the government during the collection process . That includes making sure the information is produced quickly and in a usable format . A U.S. official said the White House had "  fairly high-level discussions with some of the providers " to discuss the changes and how they 'd affect individual businesses . Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes was largely lukewarm . A spokesman for Sprint said the company was reviewing the proposal , while AT&T declined to comment . Randal Milch , general counsel and executive vice president at Verizon , said the telecom giant supported the plan to end government collection of data but added that the new rules "  should not require companies to store data for longer than , or in formats that differ from , what they already do for business purposes . " "  If Verizon receives a valid request for business records , we will respond in a timely way , but companies should not be required to create , analyze or retain records for reasons other than business purposes , " he wrote . Because the current authorization for the government phone data collection program expires this week , officials said the government would seek an additional 90-day approval period while the proposed legislation makes its way through Congress . On Tuesday , Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee -- unveiled their own plan for ending the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata . The issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation , especially in an election year . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Rand Paul took harsh aim at Obama 's record on privacy as the President was meeting with Pope Francis in Rome . " @BarackObama to @Pontifex : Forgive me father for I have spied . #NSA , " tweeted Paul , who 's been one of the fiercest critics of the NSA spying programs that Snowden helped reveal . Those leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post-9 / 11 era . Opinion : Get the government out of your phone records CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The White House plan would need congressional approval
CNN  -- Justin Bieber has been a household name since before he was old enough to drive . We listened as his voice changed and watched him trade in his purple hoodies and signature swoopy hair for low-riding pants and a more voluminous ` do . The 19-year-old pop star is one of many celebrities who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope , where the simplest rites of passage -- like grabbing your girlfriend 's backside during a passionate make-out session -- are headline fodder . It 's nothing we have n't seen before . Stars like Christina Aguilera and Shia LaBeouf would likely agree that the transition from teen sensation to adult icon is seldom seamless . For whatever reason , Bieber might have considered himself to be an exception . "  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he told USA Today in 2011 . "  I do n't want to grow up too quickly and do anything that 's not smart . " Two years later , 2013 is shaping up to be that fateful time in the Canadian-born star 's career . In January he was seen holding what sites identified as marijuana in one photograph , while another showed him getting handsy with a female fan . Earlier this month , Bieber had his "  worst birthday , " and angered fans when he was late to the stage for a sold-out show at London 's O2 Arena . The most recent Bieber news is n't any more flattering . According to authorities , the singer 's neighbor is accusing him of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation took place outside his California home on Tuesday . As The New York Times pointed out after the "  Girlfriend " singer 's 18th birthday last year , "  Mr. Bieber can be his own man , sure , so long as he continues to belong to everyone else too . " Despite rejecting comparisons to Justin Timberlake , Bieber would be lucky to moonwalk into adulthood the way the "  Suit & Tie " singer has . Of course , Timberlake had the support of his boy band 'N Sync behind him when he made the leap . It also helped that there were other male stars around , like the Backstreet Boys , helping to dim the harsh limelight . Bieber does n't exactly have a counterpart today . While "  Twilight " stars Taylor Lautner and Robert Pattinson , or "  Hunger Games " stars Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson , have distracted the media -- and countless tween fans -- Bieber remains in a league of his own . Miley Cyrus can likely relate . Every step of her own maturation -- from the time she danced with a pole at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards , to her drastic haircut in 2012 -- has made headlines . The "  Ca n't Be Tamed " singer and "  Last Song " actress issued a public apology after a video surfaced of her smoking salvia  an herb sold legally in many health food stores  in 2010 . "  But do you really think it was a mistake ? " Marie Claire 's Kimberly Cutter asked Cyrus in a 2011 interview . "  Obviously college kids your age all over America are smoking bongs with a lot more than salvia in them . " "  But they 're not Miley Cyrus , " she said . "  They 're not role models . So for me it was a bad decision , because of my fans and because of what I stand for . " Cyrus is getting older , but she 's not in and out of court  no offense , Lindsay  , or getting into car wreck after car wreck  no offense , Amanda  , so is n't the "  good girl gone bad " label pushing it ? Another former Disney princess who 's growing up in the public eye is Bieber 's former girlfriend , Selena Gomez . The singer-actress is attempting to shed her Disney image  without muddying her squeaky-clean off-screen persona  by co-starring in the raucous crime dramedy "  Spring Breakers . " Gomez has n't taken nearly as much heat as Cyrus , though she has shown a fair amount of side boob with her red carpet choices of late . Despite the age-old idea that each generation is more reckless than the last , Bieber and his famous peers do n't appear to be rebelling so much as they 're just getting older . Jada Pinkett Smith , whose son Jaden is friends with Bieber , recently took to her Facebook page to express her frustrations with the way young stars are treated : "  Is it okay to continually attack and criticize  Bieber  a famous 19 year old who is simply trying to build a life , exercise his talents while figuring out what manhood and fame is all about as he carries the weight of supporting his family as well as providing the paychecks to others who depend on him to work so they can feed their families as well ? " She wrote . "  Does that render being called a c -- by an adult male photographer as you try to return to your hotel after leaving the  sic  hospital ? " Sure , Bieber has consciously snapped a few pictures of his bare abs , and strolled through the airport topless , but the singer has n't even been present for some of the events that produced the most scandalous and tragic headlines of all . In 2011 , a California woman alleged in a paternity lawsuit that Bieber fathered her 3-month-old baby boy . And in January , a photographer was killed by oncoming traffic after he thought he saw Bieber sitting in his white Ferrari in Los Angeles . "  While I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident , my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim , " Bieber said in a statement . "  There 's a lot of pressure on this kid to do bigger , better things , " Jennifer Chancellor wrote on TulsaWorld.com January . "  The adoration could be crushing . Bieber , so far , has mastered it by being himself . That means being human . He threw up on stage once ; he 's raced cars ; he 's partied ... some . " Maybe we should all take a page out of Internet sensation and Britney Spears ' advocate Chris Crocker 's book and just leave Bieber alone ?	Justin Bieber is one of many celebs who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope
CNN  -- Justin Bieber has been a household name since before he was old enough to drive . We listened as his voice changed and watched him trade in his purple hoodies and signature swoopy hair for low-riding pants and a more voluminous ` do . The 19-year-old pop star is one of many celebrities who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope , where the simplest rites of passage -- like grabbing your girlfriend 's backside during a passionate make-out session -- are headline fodder . It 's nothing we have n't seen before . Stars like Christina Aguilera and Shia LaBeouf would likely agree that the transition from teen sensation to adult icon is seldom seamless . For whatever reason , Bieber might have considered himself to be an exception . "  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he told USA Today in 2011 . "  I do n't want to grow up too quickly and do anything that 's not smart . " Two years later , 2013 is shaping up to be that fateful time in the Canadian-born star 's career . In January he was seen holding what sites identified as marijuana in one photograph , while another showed him getting handsy with a female fan . Earlier this month , Bieber had his "  worst birthday , " and angered fans when he was late to the stage for a sold-out show at London 's O2 Arena . The most recent Bieber news is n't any more flattering . According to authorities , the singer 's neighbor is accusing him of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation took place outside his California home on Tuesday . As The New York Times pointed out after the "  Girlfriend " singer 's 18th birthday last year , "  Mr. Bieber can be his own man , sure , so long as he continues to belong to everyone else too . " Despite rejecting comparisons to Justin Timberlake , Bieber would be lucky to moonwalk into adulthood the way the "  Suit & Tie " singer has . Of course , Timberlake had the support of his boy band 'N Sync behind him when he made the leap . It also helped that there were other male stars around , like the Backstreet Boys , helping to dim the harsh limelight . Bieber does n't exactly have a counterpart today . While "  Twilight " stars Taylor Lautner and Robert Pattinson , or "  Hunger Games " stars Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson , have distracted the media -- and countless tween fans -- Bieber remains in a league of his own . Miley Cyrus can likely relate . Every step of her own maturation -- from the time she danced with a pole at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards , to her drastic haircut in 2012 -- has made headlines . The "  Ca n't Be Tamed " singer and "  Last Song " actress issued a public apology after a video surfaced of her smoking salvia  an herb sold legally in many health food stores  in 2010 . "  But do you really think it was a mistake ? " Marie Claire 's Kimberly Cutter asked Cyrus in a 2011 interview . "  Obviously college kids your age all over America are smoking bongs with a lot more than salvia in them . " "  But they 're not Miley Cyrus , " she said . "  They 're not role models . So for me it was a bad decision , because of my fans and because of what I stand for . " Cyrus is getting older , but she 's not in and out of court  no offense , Lindsay  , or getting into car wreck after car wreck  no offense , Amanda  , so is n't the "  good girl gone bad " label pushing it ? Another former Disney princess who 's growing up in the public eye is Bieber 's former girlfriend , Selena Gomez . The singer-actress is attempting to shed her Disney image  without muddying her squeaky-clean off-screen persona  by co-starring in the raucous crime dramedy "  Spring Breakers . " Gomez has n't taken nearly as much heat as Cyrus , though she has shown a fair amount of side boob with her red carpet choices of late . Despite the age-old idea that each generation is more reckless than the last , Bieber and his famous peers do n't appear to be rebelling so much as they 're just getting older . Jada Pinkett Smith , whose son Jaden is friends with Bieber , recently took to her Facebook page to express her frustrations with the way young stars are treated : "  Is it okay to continually attack and criticize  Bieber  a famous 19 year old who is simply trying to build a life , exercise his talents while figuring out what manhood and fame is all about as he carries the weight of supporting his family as well as providing the paychecks to others who depend on him to work so they can feed their families as well ? " She wrote . "  Does that render being called a c -- by an adult male photographer as you try to return to your hotel after leaving the  sic  hospital ? " Sure , Bieber has consciously snapped a few pictures of his bare abs , and strolled through the airport topless , but the singer has n't even been present for some of the events that produced the most scandalous and tragic headlines of all . In 2011 , a California woman alleged in a paternity lawsuit that Bieber fathered her 3-month-old baby boy . And in January , a photographer was killed by oncoming traffic after he thought he saw Bieber sitting in his white Ferrari in Los Angeles . "  While I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident , my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim , " Bieber said in a statement . "  There 's a lot of pressure on this kid to do bigger , better things , " Jennifer Chancellor wrote on TulsaWorld.com January . "  The adoration could be crushing . Bieber , so far , has mastered it by being himself . That means being human . He threw up on stage once ; he 's raced cars ; he 's partied ... some . " Maybe we should all take a page out of Internet sensation and Britney Spears ' advocate Chris Crocker 's book and just leave Bieber alone ?	"  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he said in 2011
CNN  -- Justin Bieber has been a household name since before he was old enough to drive . We listened as his voice changed and watched him trade in his purple hoodies and signature swoopy hair for low-riding pants and a more voluminous ` do . The 19-year-old pop star is one of many celebrities who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope , where the simplest rites of passage -- like grabbing your girlfriend 's backside during a passionate make-out session -- are headline fodder . It 's nothing we have n't seen before . Stars like Christina Aguilera and Shia LaBeouf would likely agree that the transition from teen sensation to adult icon is seldom seamless . For whatever reason , Bieber might have considered himself to be an exception . "  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he told USA Today in 2011 . "  I do n't want to grow up too quickly and do anything that 's not smart . " Two years later , 2013 is shaping up to be that fateful time in the Canadian-born star 's career . In January he was seen holding what sites identified as marijuana in one photograph , while another showed him getting handsy with a female fan . Earlier this month , Bieber had his "  worst birthday , " and angered fans when he was late to the stage for a sold-out show at London 's O2 Arena . The most recent Bieber news is n't any more flattering . According to authorities , the singer 's neighbor is accusing him of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation took place outside his California home on Tuesday . As The New York Times pointed out after the "  Girlfriend " singer 's 18th birthday last year , "  Mr. Bieber can be his own man , sure , so long as he continues to belong to everyone else too . " Despite rejecting comparisons to Justin Timberlake , Bieber would be lucky to moonwalk into adulthood the way the "  Suit & Tie " singer has . Of course , Timberlake had the support of his boy band 'N Sync behind him when he made the leap . It also helped that there were other male stars around , like the Backstreet Boys , helping to dim the harsh limelight . Bieber does n't exactly have a counterpart today . While "  Twilight " stars Taylor Lautner and Robert Pattinson , or "  Hunger Games " stars Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson , have distracted the media -- and countless tween fans -- Bieber remains in a league of his own . Miley Cyrus can likely relate . Every step of her own maturation -- from the time she danced with a pole at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards , to her drastic haircut in 2012 -- has made headlines . The "  Ca n't Be Tamed " singer and "  Last Song " actress issued a public apology after a video surfaced of her smoking salvia  an herb sold legally in many health food stores  in 2010 . "  But do you really think it was a mistake ? " Marie Claire 's Kimberly Cutter asked Cyrus in a 2011 interview . "  Obviously college kids your age all over America are smoking bongs with a lot more than salvia in them . " "  But they 're not Miley Cyrus , " she said . "  They 're not role models . So for me it was a bad decision , because of my fans and because of what I stand for . " Cyrus is getting older , but she 's not in and out of court  no offense , Lindsay  , or getting into car wreck after car wreck  no offense , Amanda  , so is n't the "  good girl gone bad " label pushing it ? Another former Disney princess who 's growing up in the public eye is Bieber 's former girlfriend , Selena Gomez . The singer-actress is attempting to shed her Disney image  without muddying her squeaky-clean off-screen persona  by co-starring in the raucous crime dramedy "  Spring Breakers . " Gomez has n't taken nearly as much heat as Cyrus , though she has shown a fair amount of side boob with her red carpet choices of late . Despite the age-old idea that each generation is more reckless than the last , Bieber and his famous peers do n't appear to be rebelling so much as they 're just getting older . Jada Pinkett Smith , whose son Jaden is friends with Bieber , recently took to her Facebook page to express her frustrations with the way young stars are treated : "  Is it okay to continually attack and criticize  Bieber  a famous 19 year old who is simply trying to build a life , exercise his talents while figuring out what manhood and fame is all about as he carries the weight of supporting his family as well as providing the paychecks to others who depend on him to work so they can feed their families as well ? " She wrote . "  Does that render being called a c -- by an adult male photographer as you try to return to your hotel after leaving the  sic  hospital ? " Sure , Bieber has consciously snapped a few pictures of his bare abs , and strolled through the airport topless , but the singer has n't even been present for some of the events that produced the most scandalous and tragic headlines of all . In 2011 , a California woman alleged in a paternity lawsuit that Bieber fathered her 3-month-old baby boy . And in January , a photographer was killed by oncoming traffic after he thought he saw Bieber sitting in his white Ferrari in Los Angeles . "  While I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident , my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim , " Bieber said in a statement . "  There 's a lot of pressure on this kid to do bigger , better things , " Jennifer Chancellor wrote on TulsaWorld.com January . "  The adoration could be crushing . Bieber , so far , has mastered it by being himself . That means being human . He threw up on stage once ; he 's raced cars ; he 's partied ... some . " Maybe we should all take a page out of Internet sensation and Britney Spears ' advocate Chris Crocker 's book and just leave Bieber alone ?	2013 is already shaping up to be that fateful transition time in Bieber 's career
CNN  -- A handful of individuals ran a scheme of "  fraudulent lending and embezzlement " to siphon hundreds of millions of dollars of ordinary people 's savings out of Kabul Bank , a key Afghan lender that ran into trouble in 2010 , an independent report says . The report , released Wednesday , catalogs the alleged wrongdoing at the bank and the apparent failure of authorities to tackle the problems before they reached a crisis point or effectively respond to and investigate the financial catastrophe that unfolded . Read more : Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year The scandal that engulfed Kabul Bank has severely damaged the reputation of the Western approach to banking that it embodied in Afghanistan , one of the least developed countries in the world . And its cost will be born by an Afghan government that still relies on funding from the United States and other countries . The bank was meant to provide a transparent way for Afghan government employees -- soldiers , teachers and police officers -- to receive and retain their salaries without the age-old fear of corrupt superiors confiscating the money . Opinion : Islam key to Afghan Dream Instead , the crisis at the bank , which went into receivership last year , "  led to a loss of confidence in an already fragile financial system , " according to the report by the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee . The committee , made up of three Afghan citizens and three overseas members , states that it is "  wholly independent from the Afghanistan government and the international community . " It is led by Drago Kos , a Slovenian who has headed a number of international anti-corruption organizations . Although the sums of money involved are small compared with the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on the war in Afghanistan by the United States and its allies , Kos on Wednesday underlined the significance of the bank to the small , underdeveloped Afghan economy . Read more : Pakistan reopens NATO supply routes to Afghanistan "  At the time the crisis happened , Kabul Bank had 44 % of the assets of this country , " he said at a news conference presenting the committee 's report in Kabul . "  More than 1 million people had deposited their money in this bank . " The alleged fraud -- which has been linked to people with ties to the government of President Hamid Karzai , including one of his brothers -- led to Kabul Bank being deprived of more than $ 850 million , mainly from customer deposits , according to the report . "  Most of this money , " the report says , "  has been redirected for the benefit of a few individuals who perpetrated and participated in a fraud with reckless disregard for the country and the people of Afghanistan . " Read more : In Afghanistan , a mother bravely campaigns for president Many of those who have been accused of participating and even profiting from the bank 's difficulties have denied any wrongdoing . The committee report , which says it "  can not make criminal findings or assign liability , " does n't name people specifically , but identities can be deduced from it . A spokesman for the Afghan president was n't immediately available for comment on the report Wednesday . Read more : Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit His brother who has been linked to the bank 's problems , Mahmood Karzai , said he repaid the $ 4.2 million he borrowed from the bank with interest . "  When they say I am a beneficiary of this money , is there something else ? " he said by telephone . "  I do not understand the accusation . This Kabul Bank issue is completely political . Management was full of improprieties and fraud . " He said he had alerted the government to problems at the bank . The report details the complex system through which it says the individuals -- "  controlling shareholders , key supervisors and managers " of Kabul Bank -- drew the cash out of the lender . Read more : 5 ways to help fix Afghanistan Methods cited include loan accounts for proxy borrowers , forged documents , fake business stamps and cash ferried on the planes of an airline owned by shareholders related to the bank . "  Repayment of loans was rare , " the report said , "  and most often new loans were created to provide the appearance of repayment . " As a result , more than 92 % of the bank 's loan book , or $ 861 million , ended up being for the benefit of 19 related individuals and businesses that ultimately benefited just 12 individuals , the report said . That left the remaining $ 74 million for "  legitimate customers . " The bank was operating in a "  regulatory vacuum , " the reports authors said , with the Afghan central bank lacking manpower and expertise in fraud detection . Even when warning signs were detected in Kabul Bank 's activities , "  several efforts to take enforcement action against the bank were met with interference and were not implemented , " the report said . The problems at the bank became public in 2010 . The removal of the chairman and chief executive in August prompted panic , including a run on the bank and unrest in the streets . "  Kabul Bank had become a national crisis and the Afghan economy was brought to the brink of collapse , " the report says . The government was forced to guarantee all deposits . That , combined with the closure of the bank during an Islamic holiday , averted a wider catastrophe . The bank was put into conservatorship , and shareholder rights were suspended . Kos said Wednesday that rescuing the bank will cost Afghanistan and its people 5 % to 6 % of gross domestic product . Efforts to reclaim the hundreds of millions of missing dollars and bring those responsible to justice have proved problematic . As of the end of August , $ 128.3 million in cash had been recovered . Nearly 40 % of that came from normal customers , the report says , even though they represented only 8 % of the loan balance of the bank when it went into receivership . Kos and the other authors also criticized Afghan authorities ' efforts to investigate and prosecute the case . "  There has been clear and direct interference with the criminal process by high-ranking officials that goes so far as to identify who should , and who should not , be indicted for criminal conduct , " it said . "  The lack of action from the Attorney General 's Office also because of political influence has resulted in a lack of investigation , procedural delays that have allowed perpetrators to escape and likely for money derived from Kabul Bank to be lost forever , " the report says . The Attorney General 's Office did n't respond to calls seeking comment Wednesday . The report 's authors also appear to be unimpressed with the actions of a special tribunal set up to deal with the case of Kabul Bank . "  The tribunal appears to have been engaged in everything else except the processing of the one case they have before it , contrary to the most basic principles and laws related to fundamental justice , " the report says . "  Even the recent criminal proceedings at the tribunal do not wholly satisfy concerns about whether justice will prevail in the Kabul Bank case . " The report concludes with a stark warning : "  If the systemic issues raised by Kabul Bank are not resolved , the viability of Afghanistan as a fully functioning democracy is lost . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Nick Paton Walsh from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	A report details alleged wrongdoing at Kabul Bank , a key Afghan lender
CNN  -- A handful of individuals ran a scheme of "  fraudulent lending and embezzlement " to siphon hundreds of millions of dollars of ordinary people 's savings out of Kabul Bank , a key Afghan lender that ran into trouble in 2010 , an independent report says . The report , released Wednesday , catalogs the alleged wrongdoing at the bank and the apparent failure of authorities to tackle the problems before they reached a crisis point or effectively respond to and investigate the financial catastrophe that unfolded . Read more : Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year The scandal that engulfed Kabul Bank has severely damaged the reputation of the Western approach to banking that it embodied in Afghanistan , one of the least developed countries in the world . And its cost will be born by an Afghan government that still relies on funding from the United States and other countries . The bank was meant to provide a transparent way for Afghan government employees -- soldiers , teachers and police officers -- to receive and retain their salaries without the age-old fear of corrupt superiors confiscating the money . Opinion : Islam key to Afghan Dream Instead , the crisis at the bank , which went into receivership last year , "  led to a loss of confidence in an already fragile financial system , " according to the report by the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee . The committee , made up of three Afghan citizens and three overseas members , states that it is "  wholly independent from the Afghanistan government and the international community . " It is led by Drago Kos , a Slovenian who has headed a number of international anti-corruption organizations . Although the sums of money involved are small compared with the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on the war in Afghanistan by the United States and its allies , Kos on Wednesday underlined the significance of the bank to the small , underdeveloped Afghan economy . Read more : Pakistan reopens NATO supply routes to Afghanistan "  At the time the crisis happened , Kabul Bank had 44 % of the assets of this country , " he said at a news conference presenting the committee 's report in Kabul . "  More than 1 million people had deposited their money in this bank . " The alleged fraud -- which has been linked to people with ties to the government of President Hamid Karzai , including one of his brothers -- led to Kabul Bank being deprived of more than $ 850 million , mainly from customer deposits , according to the report . "  Most of this money , " the report says , "  has been redirected for the benefit of a few individuals who perpetrated and participated in a fraud with reckless disregard for the country and the people of Afghanistan . " Read more : In Afghanistan , a mother bravely campaigns for president Many of those who have been accused of participating and even profiting from the bank 's difficulties have denied any wrongdoing . The committee report , which says it "  can not make criminal findings or assign liability , " does n't name people specifically , but identities can be deduced from it . A spokesman for the Afghan president was n't immediately available for comment on the report Wednesday . Read more : Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit His brother who has been linked to the bank 's problems , Mahmood Karzai , said he repaid the $ 4.2 million he borrowed from the bank with interest . "  When they say I am a beneficiary of this money , is there something else ? " he said by telephone . "  I do not understand the accusation . This Kabul Bank issue is completely political . Management was full of improprieties and fraud . " He said he had alerted the government to problems at the bank . The report details the complex system through which it says the individuals -- "  controlling shareholders , key supervisors and managers " of Kabul Bank -- drew the cash out of the lender . Read more : 5 ways to help fix Afghanistan Methods cited include loan accounts for proxy borrowers , forged documents , fake business stamps and cash ferried on the planes of an airline owned by shareholders related to the bank . "  Repayment of loans was rare , " the report said , "  and most often new loans were created to provide the appearance of repayment . " As a result , more than 92 % of the bank 's loan book , or $ 861 million , ended up being for the benefit of 19 related individuals and businesses that ultimately benefited just 12 individuals , the report said . That left the remaining $ 74 million for "  legitimate customers . " The bank was operating in a "  regulatory vacuum , " the reports authors said , with the Afghan central bank lacking manpower and expertise in fraud detection . Even when warning signs were detected in Kabul Bank 's activities , "  several efforts to take enforcement action against the bank were met with interference and were not implemented , " the report said . The problems at the bank became public in 2010 . The removal of the chairman and chief executive in August prompted panic , including a run on the bank and unrest in the streets . "  Kabul Bank had become a national crisis and the Afghan economy was brought to the brink of collapse , " the report says . The government was forced to guarantee all deposits . That , combined with the closure of the bank during an Islamic holiday , averted a wider catastrophe . The bank was put into conservatorship , and shareholder rights were suspended . Kos said Wednesday that rescuing the bank will cost Afghanistan and its people 5 % to 6 % of gross domestic product . Efforts to reclaim the hundreds of millions of missing dollars and bring those responsible to justice have proved problematic . As of the end of August , $ 128.3 million in cash had been recovered . Nearly 40 % of that came from normal customers , the report says , even though they represented only 8 % of the loan balance of the bank when it went into receivership . Kos and the other authors also criticized Afghan authorities ' efforts to investigate and prosecute the case . "  There has been clear and direct interference with the criminal process by high-ranking officials that goes so far as to identify who should , and who should not , be indicted for criminal conduct , " it said . "  The lack of action from the Attorney General 's Office also because of political influence has resulted in a lack of investigation , procedural delays that have allowed perpetrators to escape and likely for money derived from Kabul Bank to be lost forever , " the report says . The Attorney General 's Office did n't respond to calls seeking comment Wednesday . The report 's authors also appear to be unimpressed with the actions of a special tribunal set up to deal with the case of Kabul Bank . "  The tribunal appears to have been engaged in everything else except the processing of the one case they have before it , contrary to the most basic principles and laws related to fundamental justice , " the report says . "  Even the recent criminal proceedings at the tribunal do not wholly satisfy concerns about whether justice will prevail in the Kabul Bank case . " The report concludes with a stark warning : "  If the systemic issues raised by Kabul Bank are not resolved , the viability of Afghanistan as a fully functioning democracy is lost . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Nick Paton Walsh from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	It says fraud was carried out "  with reckless disregard for the country and the people "
CNN  -- A handful of individuals ran a scheme of "  fraudulent lending and embezzlement " to siphon hundreds of millions of dollars of ordinary people 's savings out of Kabul Bank , a key Afghan lender that ran into trouble in 2010 , an independent report says . The report , released Wednesday , catalogs the alleged wrongdoing at the bank and the apparent failure of authorities to tackle the problems before they reached a crisis point or effectively respond to and investigate the financial catastrophe that unfolded . Read more : Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year The scandal that engulfed Kabul Bank has severely damaged the reputation of the Western approach to banking that it embodied in Afghanistan , one of the least developed countries in the world . And its cost will be born by an Afghan government that still relies on funding from the United States and other countries . The bank was meant to provide a transparent way for Afghan government employees -- soldiers , teachers and police officers -- to receive and retain their salaries without the age-old fear of corrupt superiors confiscating the money . Opinion : Islam key to Afghan Dream Instead , the crisis at the bank , which went into receivership last year , "  led to a loss of confidence in an already fragile financial system , " according to the report by the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee . The committee , made up of three Afghan citizens and three overseas members , states that it is "  wholly independent from the Afghanistan government and the international community . " It is led by Drago Kos , a Slovenian who has headed a number of international anti-corruption organizations . Although the sums of money involved are small compared with the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on the war in Afghanistan by the United States and its allies , Kos on Wednesday underlined the significance of the bank to the small , underdeveloped Afghan economy . Read more : Pakistan reopens NATO supply routes to Afghanistan "  At the time the crisis happened , Kabul Bank had 44 % of the assets of this country , " he said at a news conference presenting the committee 's report in Kabul . "  More than 1 million people had deposited their money in this bank . " The alleged fraud -- which has been linked to people with ties to the government of President Hamid Karzai , including one of his brothers -- led to Kabul Bank being deprived of more than $ 850 million , mainly from customer deposits , according to the report . "  Most of this money , " the report says , "  has been redirected for the benefit of a few individuals who perpetrated and participated in a fraud with reckless disregard for the country and the people of Afghanistan . " Read more : In Afghanistan , a mother bravely campaigns for president Many of those who have been accused of participating and even profiting from the bank 's difficulties have denied any wrongdoing . The committee report , which says it "  can not make criminal findings or assign liability , " does n't name people specifically , but identities can be deduced from it . A spokesman for the Afghan president was n't immediately available for comment on the report Wednesday . Read more : Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit His brother who has been linked to the bank 's problems , Mahmood Karzai , said he repaid the $ 4.2 million he borrowed from the bank with interest . "  When they say I am a beneficiary of this money , is there something else ? " he said by telephone . "  I do not understand the accusation . This Kabul Bank issue is completely political . Management was full of improprieties and fraud . " He said he had alerted the government to problems at the bank . The report details the complex system through which it says the individuals -- "  controlling shareholders , key supervisors and managers " of Kabul Bank -- drew the cash out of the lender . Read more : 5 ways to help fix Afghanistan Methods cited include loan accounts for proxy borrowers , forged documents , fake business stamps and cash ferried on the planes of an airline owned by shareholders related to the bank . "  Repayment of loans was rare , " the report said , "  and most often new loans were created to provide the appearance of repayment . " As a result , more than 92 % of the bank 's loan book , or $ 861 million , ended up being for the benefit of 19 related individuals and businesses that ultimately benefited just 12 individuals , the report said . That left the remaining $ 74 million for "  legitimate customers . " The bank was operating in a "  regulatory vacuum , " the reports authors said , with the Afghan central bank lacking manpower and expertise in fraud detection . Even when warning signs were detected in Kabul Bank 's activities , "  several efforts to take enforcement action against the bank were met with interference and were not implemented , " the report said . The problems at the bank became public in 2010 . The removal of the chairman and chief executive in August prompted panic , including a run on the bank and unrest in the streets . "  Kabul Bank had become a national crisis and the Afghan economy was brought to the brink of collapse , " the report says . The government was forced to guarantee all deposits . That , combined with the closure of the bank during an Islamic holiday , averted a wider catastrophe . The bank was put into conservatorship , and shareholder rights were suspended . Kos said Wednesday that rescuing the bank will cost Afghanistan and its people 5 % to 6 % of gross domestic product . Efforts to reclaim the hundreds of millions of missing dollars and bring those responsible to justice have proved problematic . As of the end of August , $ 128.3 million in cash had been recovered . Nearly 40 % of that came from normal customers , the report says , even though they represented only 8 % of the loan balance of the bank when it went into receivership . Kos and the other authors also criticized Afghan authorities ' efforts to investigate and prosecute the case . "  There has been clear and direct interference with the criminal process by high-ranking officials that goes so far as to identify who should , and who should not , be indicted for criminal conduct , " it said . "  The lack of action from the Attorney General 's Office also because of political influence has resulted in a lack of investigation , procedural delays that have allowed perpetrators to escape and likely for money derived from Kabul Bank to be lost forever , " the report says . The Attorney General 's Office did n't respond to calls seeking comment Wednesday . The report 's authors also appear to be unimpressed with the actions of a special tribunal set up to deal with the case of Kabul Bank . "  The tribunal appears to have been engaged in everything else except the processing of the one case they have before it , contrary to the most basic principles and laws related to fundamental justice , " the report says . "  Even the recent criminal proceedings at the tribunal do not wholly satisfy concerns about whether justice will prevail in the Kabul Bank case . " The report concludes with a stark warning : "  If the systemic issues raised by Kabul Bank are not resolved , the viability of Afghanistan as a fully functioning democracy is lost . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Nick Paton Walsh from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	It also outlines regulatory failings and a lack of progress in bringing people to justice
CNN  -- A handful of individuals ran a scheme of "  fraudulent lending and embezzlement " to siphon hundreds of millions of dollars of ordinary people 's savings out of Kabul Bank , a key Afghan lender that ran into trouble in 2010 , an independent report says . The report , released Wednesday , catalogs the alleged wrongdoing at the bank and the apparent failure of authorities to tackle the problems before they reached a crisis point or effectively respond to and investigate the financial catastrophe that unfolded . Read more : Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year The scandal that engulfed Kabul Bank has severely damaged the reputation of the Western approach to banking that it embodied in Afghanistan , one of the least developed countries in the world . And its cost will be born by an Afghan government that still relies on funding from the United States and other countries . The bank was meant to provide a transparent way for Afghan government employees -- soldiers , teachers and police officers -- to receive and retain their salaries without the age-old fear of corrupt superiors confiscating the money . Opinion : Islam key to Afghan Dream Instead , the crisis at the bank , which went into receivership last year , "  led to a loss of confidence in an already fragile financial system , " according to the report by the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee . The committee , made up of three Afghan citizens and three overseas members , states that it is "  wholly independent from the Afghanistan government and the international community . " It is led by Drago Kos , a Slovenian who has headed a number of international anti-corruption organizations . Although the sums of money involved are small compared with the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on the war in Afghanistan by the United States and its allies , Kos on Wednesday underlined the significance of the bank to the small , underdeveloped Afghan economy . Read more : Pakistan reopens NATO supply routes to Afghanistan "  At the time the crisis happened , Kabul Bank had 44 % of the assets of this country , " he said at a news conference presenting the committee 's report in Kabul . "  More than 1 million people had deposited their money in this bank . " The alleged fraud -- which has been linked to people with ties to the government of President Hamid Karzai , including one of his brothers -- led to Kabul Bank being deprived of more than $ 850 million , mainly from customer deposits , according to the report . "  Most of this money , " the report says , "  has been redirected for the benefit of a few individuals who perpetrated and participated in a fraud with reckless disregard for the country and the people of Afghanistan . " Read more : In Afghanistan , a mother bravely campaigns for president Many of those who have been accused of participating and even profiting from the bank 's difficulties have denied any wrongdoing . The committee report , which says it "  can not make criminal findings or assign liability , " does n't name people specifically , but identities can be deduced from it . A spokesman for the Afghan president was n't immediately available for comment on the report Wednesday . Read more : Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit His brother who has been linked to the bank 's problems , Mahmood Karzai , said he repaid the $ 4.2 million he borrowed from the bank with interest . "  When they say I am a beneficiary of this money , is there something else ? " he said by telephone . "  I do not understand the accusation . This Kabul Bank issue is completely political . Management was full of improprieties and fraud . " He said he had alerted the government to problems at the bank . The report details the complex system through which it says the individuals -- "  controlling shareholders , key supervisors and managers " of Kabul Bank -- drew the cash out of the lender . Read more : 5 ways to help fix Afghanistan Methods cited include loan accounts for proxy borrowers , forged documents , fake business stamps and cash ferried on the planes of an airline owned by shareholders related to the bank . "  Repayment of loans was rare , " the report said , "  and most often new loans were created to provide the appearance of repayment . " As a result , more than 92 % of the bank 's loan book , or $ 861 million , ended up being for the benefit of 19 related individuals and businesses that ultimately benefited just 12 individuals , the report said . That left the remaining $ 74 million for "  legitimate customers . " The bank was operating in a "  regulatory vacuum , " the reports authors said , with the Afghan central bank lacking manpower and expertise in fraud detection . Even when warning signs were detected in Kabul Bank 's activities , "  several efforts to take enforcement action against the bank were met with interference and were not implemented , " the report said . The problems at the bank became public in 2010 . The removal of the chairman and chief executive in August prompted panic , including a run on the bank and unrest in the streets . "  Kabul Bank had become a national crisis and the Afghan economy was brought to the brink of collapse , " the report says . The government was forced to guarantee all deposits . That , combined with the closure of the bank during an Islamic holiday , averted a wider catastrophe . The bank was put into conservatorship , and shareholder rights were suspended . Kos said Wednesday that rescuing the bank will cost Afghanistan and its people 5 % to 6 % of gross domestic product . Efforts to reclaim the hundreds of millions of missing dollars and bring those responsible to justice have proved problematic . As of the end of August , $ 128.3 million in cash had been recovered . Nearly 40 % of that came from normal customers , the report says , even though they represented only 8 % of the loan balance of the bank when it went into receivership . Kos and the other authors also criticized Afghan authorities ' efforts to investigate and prosecute the case . "  There has been clear and direct interference with the criminal process by high-ranking officials that goes so far as to identify who should , and who should not , be indicted for criminal conduct , " it said . "  The lack of action from the Attorney General 's Office also because of political influence has resulted in a lack of investigation , procedural delays that have allowed perpetrators to escape and likely for money derived from Kabul Bank to be lost forever , " the report says . The Attorney General 's Office did n't respond to calls seeking comment Wednesday . The report 's authors also appear to be unimpressed with the actions of a special tribunal set up to deal with the case of Kabul Bank . "  The tribunal appears to have been engaged in everything else except the processing of the one case they have before it , contrary to the most basic principles and laws related to fundamental justice , " the report says . "  Even the recent criminal proceedings at the tribunal do not wholly satisfy concerns about whether justice will prevail in the Kabul Bank case . " The report concludes with a stark warning : "  If the systemic issues raised by Kabul Bank are not resolved , the viability of Afghanistan as a fully functioning democracy is lost . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Nick Paton Walsh from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	Many of those accused of involvement deny any wrongdoing
London  CNN  -- There are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial European jewellery , masterpieces by Pieter Bruegel , paintings by Picasso and sculpture by Henry Moore all under one roof . But for a week starting Friday , you can see the finest examples of art from antiquity to the present day displayed at TEFAF , The European Fine Art Fair , in Maastricht , the Netherlands . The highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by Emperor Maximilian II 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing Beethoven 's "  Battle Symphony , " a painting of the Madonna and Child once owned by Napoleon III and a representation of Marilyn Monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by Salvador Dali . Now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar . "  It does n't compare to any of the other fairs " said dealer Dino Tomasso , who is exhibiting at the fair for the first time this year with a showcase of Renaissance and Neo-Classical sculpture . "  It 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional -LSB- and though -RSB- it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued . Fabrizio Moretti , a dealer and expert in Italian Old Master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : "  The thing that -LSB- the fair organizers -RSB- really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . " His gallery , Moretti Fine Art , is exhibiting a 1715 terracotta figure of a lion , thought to be the model for a commemorative monument to Queen Anne of England , and a painting by Pascualino Veneto of the Madonna and Child that was once owned by France 's Napoleon III . It is this high quality of objects that makes TEFAF such an important event for art lovers , said Titia Vellenga , a spokesperson for the fair . "  What has created the fair 's reputation is primarily that from the beginning we had a very strict vetting procedure , which leads to dealers bringing pieces that are really exceptional and this in turn attracts the really serious collectors , " she said . "  So when you have a spiral like this , it continues to attract really exceptional works of art , " said Vellenga . Richard Knight , Christie 's International Co-Chairman of Old Masters and 19th Century Art , was joint chairman of the fair for two years before moving on to Christie 's and was responsible for helping to set up the vetting system . "  One of the things I was responsible for was deciding that we would have no exhibiting dealers on the vetting committee , which now comprises all museum professionals , " he said . "  This is all designed to give confidence to the clients , who know that what they 're going to buy will have been vetted by the most professional people in the market today , " he continued . This comprehensive vetting system also helps insulate the fair from rumblings in the financial markets . "  One of the lovely things about the standard of the fair is that dealers vet themselves before they even go because they know that a fair that is n't of the highest standard is not frankly in this present market going to suit their best interests , " said Knight . And exhibiting a broad range of fine arts and antiquities from across the world guarantees an international roster of clients . In 2011 alone , TEFAF drew over 70,000 visitors from 55 countries and the fair organizers are expecting to see more and more Chinese and Brazilian visitors to the fair in future . "  There is quite a positive mood in the art market , " said Vellenga . "  People are still buying art and they see it as an alternative asset but they really want high quality and that 's what they can find at TEFAF , " she said .	TEFAF celebrates 25 years showcasing the best in fine art and antiquities
London  CNN  -- There are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial European jewellery , masterpieces by Pieter Bruegel , paintings by Picasso and sculpture by Henry Moore all under one roof . But for a week starting Friday , you can see the finest examples of art from antiquity to the present day displayed at TEFAF , The European Fine Art Fair , in Maastricht , the Netherlands . The highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by Emperor Maximilian II 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing Beethoven 's "  Battle Symphony , " a painting of the Madonna and Child once owned by Napoleon III and a representation of Marilyn Monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by Salvador Dali . Now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar . "  It does n't compare to any of the other fairs " said dealer Dino Tomasso , who is exhibiting at the fair for the first time this year with a showcase of Renaissance and Neo-Classical sculpture . "  It 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional -LSB- and though -RSB- it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued . Fabrizio Moretti , a dealer and expert in Italian Old Master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : "  The thing that -LSB- the fair organizers -RSB- really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . " His gallery , Moretti Fine Art , is exhibiting a 1715 terracotta figure of a lion , thought to be the model for a commemorative monument to Queen Anne of England , and a painting by Pascualino Veneto of the Madonna and Child that was once owned by France 's Napoleon III . It is this high quality of objects that makes TEFAF such an important event for art lovers , said Titia Vellenga , a spokesperson for the fair . "  What has created the fair 's reputation is primarily that from the beginning we had a very strict vetting procedure , which leads to dealers bringing pieces that are really exceptional and this in turn attracts the really serious collectors , " she said . "  So when you have a spiral like this , it continues to attract really exceptional works of art , " said Vellenga . Richard Knight , Christie 's International Co-Chairman of Old Masters and 19th Century Art , was joint chairman of the fair for two years before moving on to Christie 's and was responsible for helping to set up the vetting system . "  One of the things I was responsible for was deciding that we would have no exhibiting dealers on the vetting committee , which now comprises all museum professionals , " he said . "  This is all designed to give confidence to the clients , who know that what they 're going to buy will have been vetted by the most professional people in the market today , " he continued . This comprehensive vetting system also helps insulate the fair from rumblings in the financial markets . "  One of the lovely things about the standard of the fair is that dealers vet themselves before they even go because they know that a fair that is n't of the highest standard is not frankly in this present market going to suit their best interests , " said Knight . And exhibiting a broad range of fine arts and antiquities from across the world guarantees an international roster of clients . In 2011 alone , TEFAF drew over 70,000 visitors from 55 countries and the fair organizers are expecting to see more and more Chinese and Brazilian visitors to the fair in future . "  There is quite a positive mood in the art market , " said Vellenga . "  People are still buying art and they see it as an alternative asset but they really want high quality and that 's what they can find at TEFAF , " she said .	Classical sculpture , jewelry , Old Master paintings , antique furniture on display
London  CNN  -- There are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial European jewellery , masterpieces by Pieter Bruegel , paintings by Picasso and sculpture by Henry Moore all under one roof . But for a week starting Friday , you can see the finest examples of art from antiquity to the present day displayed at TEFAF , The European Fine Art Fair , in Maastricht , the Netherlands . The highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by Emperor Maximilian II 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing Beethoven 's "  Battle Symphony , " a painting of the Madonna and Child once owned by Napoleon III and a representation of Marilyn Monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by Salvador Dali . Now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar . "  It does n't compare to any of the other fairs " said dealer Dino Tomasso , who is exhibiting at the fair for the first time this year with a showcase of Renaissance and Neo-Classical sculpture . "  It 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional -LSB- and though -RSB- it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued . Fabrizio Moretti , a dealer and expert in Italian Old Master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : "  The thing that -LSB- the fair organizers -RSB- really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . " His gallery , Moretti Fine Art , is exhibiting a 1715 terracotta figure of a lion , thought to be the model for a commemorative monument to Queen Anne of England , and a painting by Pascualino Veneto of the Madonna and Child that was once owned by France 's Napoleon III . It is this high quality of objects that makes TEFAF such an important event for art lovers , said Titia Vellenga , a spokesperson for the fair . "  What has created the fair 's reputation is primarily that from the beginning we had a very strict vetting procedure , which leads to dealers bringing pieces that are really exceptional and this in turn attracts the really serious collectors , " she said . "  So when you have a spiral like this , it continues to attract really exceptional works of art , " said Vellenga . Richard Knight , Christie 's International Co-Chairman of Old Masters and 19th Century Art , was joint chairman of the fair for two years before moving on to Christie 's and was responsible for helping to set up the vetting system . "  One of the things I was responsible for was deciding that we would have no exhibiting dealers on the vetting committee , which now comprises all museum professionals , " he said . "  This is all designed to give confidence to the clients , who know that what they 're going to buy will have been vetted by the most professional people in the market today , " he continued . This comprehensive vetting system also helps insulate the fair from rumblings in the financial markets . "  One of the lovely things about the standard of the fair is that dealers vet themselves before they even go because they know that a fair that is n't of the highest standard is not frankly in this present market going to suit their best interests , " said Knight . And exhibiting a broad range of fine arts and antiquities from across the world guarantees an international roster of clients . In 2011 alone , TEFAF drew over 70,000 visitors from 55 countries and the fair organizers are expecting to see more and more Chinese and Brazilian visitors to the fair in future . "  There is quite a positive mood in the art market , " said Vellenga . "  People are still buying art and they see it as an alternative asset but they really want high quality and that 's what they can find at TEFAF , " she said .	Highlights include necklace owned by Viennese Empress , works by Bruegel and Picasso
London  CNN  -- There are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial European jewellery , masterpieces by Pieter Bruegel , paintings by Picasso and sculpture by Henry Moore all under one roof . But for a week starting Friday , you can see the finest examples of art from antiquity to the present day displayed at TEFAF , The European Fine Art Fair , in Maastricht , the Netherlands . The highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by Emperor Maximilian II 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing Beethoven 's "  Battle Symphony , " a painting of the Madonna and Child once owned by Napoleon III and a representation of Marilyn Monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by Salvador Dali . Now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar . "  It does n't compare to any of the other fairs " said dealer Dino Tomasso , who is exhibiting at the fair for the first time this year with a showcase of Renaissance and Neo-Classical sculpture . "  It 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional -LSB- and though -RSB- it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued . Fabrizio Moretti , a dealer and expert in Italian Old Master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : "  The thing that -LSB- the fair organizers -RSB- really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . " His gallery , Moretti Fine Art , is exhibiting a 1715 terracotta figure of a lion , thought to be the model for a commemorative monument to Queen Anne of England , and a painting by Pascualino Veneto of the Madonna and Child that was once owned by France 's Napoleon III . It is this high quality of objects that makes TEFAF such an important event for art lovers , said Titia Vellenga , a spokesperson for the fair . "  What has created the fair 's reputation is primarily that from the beginning we had a very strict vetting procedure , which leads to dealers bringing pieces that are really exceptional and this in turn attracts the really serious collectors , " she said . "  So when you have a spiral like this , it continues to attract really exceptional works of art , " said Vellenga . Richard Knight , Christie 's International Co-Chairman of Old Masters and 19th Century Art , was joint chairman of the fair for two years before moving on to Christie 's and was responsible for helping to set up the vetting system . "  One of the things I was responsible for was deciding that we would have no exhibiting dealers on the vetting committee , which now comprises all museum professionals , " he said . "  This is all designed to give confidence to the clients , who know that what they 're going to buy will have been vetted by the most professional people in the market today , " he continued . This comprehensive vetting system also helps insulate the fair from rumblings in the financial markets . "  One of the lovely things about the standard of the fair is that dealers vet themselves before they even go because they know that a fair that is n't of the highest standard is not frankly in this present market going to suit their best interests , " said Knight . And exhibiting a broad range of fine arts and antiquities from across the world guarantees an international roster of clients . In 2011 alone , TEFAF drew over 70,000 visitors from 55 countries and the fair organizers are expecting to see more and more Chinese and Brazilian visitors to the fair in future . "  There is quite a positive mood in the art market , " said Vellenga . "  People are still buying art and they see it as an alternative asset but they really want high quality and that 's what they can find at TEFAF , " she said .	Fair 's organizers are confident , despite gloomy financial outlook
CNN  Alabama 's governor apologized for what he called an "  unfortunate use of excessive force " by a police officer against an Indian man , even as the officer in question pleaded not guilty to assault . Gov. Robert Bentley wrote a letter to the consul general of India in Atlanta , Ajit Kumar , offering an apology to the government of India for the "  tragic incident . " Bentley was referring to an encounter where a Madison County , Alabama , police officer forced a 59-year-old man to the ground , causing partial paralysis . "  I wish to assure you and the government of India that we will see that justice is done , " Bentley wrote . On Tuesday , the officer , Eric Parker , entered a plea of not guilty in court . Parker , 26 , has been charged with third-degree assault , a Class A misdemeanor . He waived arraignment , according to Limestone County court documents . CNN reached out to Parker 's attorney , Robert Tuten , for comment , but did n't get an immediate response . Parker posted bail of $ 1,000 last week and was released from jail . Sureshbhai Patel needed spinal fusion surgery to repair damage to his back after Parker forced him to the ground . Video from the dash cameras of two police cars recorded the encounter , which took place the morning of February 6 . Patel was walking through a neighborhood in Madison when Parker and another officer answered a call about a suspicious man . When police responded , there was a language barrier . Patel , who is helping take care of his developmentally delayed 17-month-old grandson , speaks little English . A police statement said Patel was taken to the ground after officers attempted to pat the subject down and he attempted to pull away . An attorney for the Patel family said Tuesday the grandfather was transferred to a rehabilitation facility on Monday . "  He has a long , difficult and uncertain rehabilitation process ahead of him , " Hank Sherrod wrote in an email to CNN . A trial by judge is scheduled for April 29 .	Eric Parker was released last week after posting $ 1,000 bail
CNN  Alabama 's governor apologized for what he called an "  unfortunate use of excessive force " by a police officer against an Indian man , even as the officer in question pleaded not guilty to assault . Gov. Robert Bentley wrote a letter to the consul general of India in Atlanta , Ajit Kumar , offering an apology to the government of India for the "  tragic incident . " Bentley was referring to an encounter where a Madison County , Alabama , police officer forced a 59-year-old man to the ground , causing partial paralysis . "  I wish to assure you and the government of India that we will see that justice is done , " Bentley wrote . On Tuesday , the officer , Eric Parker , entered a plea of not guilty in court . Parker , 26 , has been charged with third-degree assault , a Class A misdemeanor . He waived arraignment , according to Limestone County court documents . CNN reached out to Parker 's attorney , Robert Tuten , for comment , but did n't get an immediate response . Parker posted bail of $ 1,000 last week and was released from jail . Sureshbhai Patel needed spinal fusion surgery to repair damage to his back after Parker forced him to the ground . Video from the dash cameras of two police cars recorded the encounter , which took place the morning of February 6 . Patel was walking through a neighborhood in Madison when Parker and another officer answered a call about a suspicious man . When police responded , there was a language barrier . Patel , who is helping take care of his developmentally delayed 17-month-old grandson , speaks little English . A police statement said Patel was taken to the ground after officers attempted to pat the subject down and he attempted to pull away . An attorney for the Patel family said Tuesday the grandfather was transferred to a rehabilitation facility on Monday . "  He has a long , difficult and uncertain rehabilitation process ahead of him , " Hank Sherrod wrote in an email to CNN . A trial by judge is scheduled for April 29 .	He is accused of assaulting Sureshbhai Patel while on duty and answering a suspicious person report
CNN  Alabama 's governor apologized for what he called an "  unfortunate use of excessive force " by a police officer against an Indian man , even as the officer in question pleaded not guilty to assault . Gov. Robert Bentley wrote a letter to the consul general of India in Atlanta , Ajit Kumar , offering an apology to the government of India for the "  tragic incident . " Bentley was referring to an encounter where a Madison County , Alabama , police officer forced a 59-year-old man to the ground , causing partial paralysis . "  I wish to assure you and the government of India that we will see that justice is done , " Bentley wrote . On Tuesday , the officer , Eric Parker , entered a plea of not guilty in court . Parker , 26 , has been charged with third-degree assault , a Class A misdemeanor . He waived arraignment , according to Limestone County court documents . CNN reached out to Parker 's attorney , Robert Tuten , for comment , but did n't get an immediate response . Parker posted bail of $ 1,000 last week and was released from jail . Sureshbhai Patel needed spinal fusion surgery to repair damage to his back after Parker forced him to the ground . Video from the dash cameras of two police cars recorded the encounter , which took place the morning of February 6 . Patel was walking through a neighborhood in Madison when Parker and another officer answered a call about a suspicious man . When police responded , there was a language barrier . Patel , who is helping take care of his developmentally delayed 17-month-old grandson , speaks little English . A police statement said Patel was taken to the ground after officers attempted to pat the subject down and he attempted to pull away . An attorney for the Patel family said Tuesday the grandfather was transferred to a rehabilitation facility on Monday . "  He has a long , difficult and uncertain rehabilitation process ahead of him , " Hank Sherrod wrote in an email to CNN . A trial by judge is scheduled for April 29 .	Patel was taken to the ground and needed spinal surgery
CNN  -- Glance at Floyd Mayweather 's complex life story and it 's hard not to be reminded of the lyrics to Sly and the Family Stone 's classic song : "  It 's a Family Affair " -- "  Blood 's thicker than the mud , it 's a family affair . " To start with there is the boxer 's relationship with his father , which has such a degree of bad blood that even psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud might have trouble exploring the demons that have been unleashed between father and son . In May , the pair were professionally reunited for the first time in 13 years as Floyd Sr. worked the corner during his son 's successful welterweight title defense against Robert Guerrero . The intervening years had been characterized by bitter rows and public slanging matches as the Mayweathers fell out to such extent that Floyd Sr. once told reporters he did not even know the names of two of his grandchildren . But as the man nicknamed "  Money " returned to the ring for the first time since serving a two-month jail term for a domestic violence conviction , he enlisted the help of his father . The official reason for his return two months ago was that the five-division world champion 's regular trainer -- Floyd Sr. 's brother Roger -- was too debilitated by diabetes to be relied upon . Mayweather Sr. had last taken charge of Floyd 's corner in 2000 prior to being booted out of his son 's house , and life , shortly after . Defensive nous A notable feature of Floyd Jr. 's unanimous points decision over Guerrero , the WBC 's interim champion while Mayweather was in prison , became the fact that he had tightened up his defense -- a product of his father 's work , the fighter says . "  My dad is a remarkable trainer , a defensive wizard , " the man with the 44-0 record told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  My dad brings everything . It all started with my father . What 's been installed in me from the beginning is the less you get hit , the longer you last in the sport . My father was right . " Floyd Sr. knows about the importance of avoiding major injury all too well . He has frequently recounted how he was shot in the leg by Tony Sinclair -- the later brother of Floyd Jr. 's mother -- in 1978 "  I got shot early in my career with a 20 gauge shotgun , " Floyd Sr. has said . "  And I was holding my son when I got shot . Floyd was one at the time . " Floyd Sr. was holding his son during the shooting incident to ensure he was not hit in the face or upper body - a move that he believes saved his life . "  I was n't going to put that baby down , " Floyd Sr. told the Los Angeles Times in 2012 . "  I did n't want to die . It was n't about putting my son in the line of fire . I knew -LSB- Sinclair -RSB- would n't shoot the baby . So he took the gun off my face , lowered it to my leg and bam ! " Floyd Jr. 's defensive skills are such that he has long been known as "  Pretty Boy " because of the fact he has boxed his many bouts so well his face has been largely unblemished . "  It was basically for not taking any punishment , " said Floyd Jr. "  You know , I ca n't be over the age of 30 calling myself ` Pretty Boy ' . I 'm a man . " His fight against Guerrero was the first of a six-part deal with Showtime , with every bout worth at least $ 32m to a sportsman named as the highest earner by Forbes magazine for 2012 . When he signed the 30-month deal in February , the 36-year-old Mayweather said it would be his last as a professional fighter and that he would be retiring when the contract ended . But he seems to have had a change of heart given comments he made on Monday while promoting his next fight -- against 22-year-old Mexican sensation Saul "  Canelo " Alvarez in September . "  After my five more fights , guess what ? I think after  getting to  49-0 we may stay in this sport a little longer , " Mayweather told a crowd some 5,000 strong at the Alamo in San Antonio . There has been speculation that Mayweather 's decision to recall his father reveals a desire to finally bury the hatchet , with the 60-year-old suffering from the lung disease sarcoidosis . When asked by CNN what he had learnt from his time in jail , a sentence earned after he assaulted his former partner Josie Harris -- the mother of two of his children -- in 2010 , Mayweather gave the following reply . "  Never take anything for granted . As far as ... you could see a person here today and gone tomorrow . So never take anything for granted , " he said . Family harmony Mayweather learnt his boxing skills from his father , a former fighter who was stopped by Sugar Ray Leonard in 10 rounds in 1978 , until Floyd Sr. was given a five-and-a-half-year jail term for drug trafficking when his son was 16 . It meant he was absent for the bronze medal his son won at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and the start of his professional career later that year . Floyd Sr. trained his son upon his release from prison in 1998 but the pair fell out soon after , with their last fight taking place in 2000 as the then junior lightweight champion defended his title . Floyd 's uncle Roger -- who won two titles himself in the 1990s -- took charge but there is little lost between the siblings , even if Floyd Jr may be trying to change this in what may prove to be his toughest fight so far . "  He figures he can  bring us together  by having us in the corner together , " Roger told MLive.com in April . "  That 's the only thing I can think of . All this time , Floyd 's been with me , the whole time he 's boxed . So for it to be something else , it 's something that he 's trying to mend . " And recent comments from Floyd Jr. do nothing to dispel the notion that a man whose career is built upon effective violence is trying to bring harmony to a warring boxing dynasty . "  The arguments we had in the past or the differences my dad and my uncle had in the pastâ $ " that 's the past , " Mayweather , who is often labeled the world 's best pound-to-pound boxer , said in May . "  That 's why we call it the past because we try to leave that in the past and focus on the future and the future should be bright . "	Floyd Mayweather credits father for his longevity in boxing
CNN  -- Glance at Floyd Mayweather 's complex life story and it 's hard not to be reminded of the lyrics to Sly and the Family Stone 's classic song : "  It 's a Family Affair " -- "  Blood 's thicker than the mud , it 's a family affair . " To start with there is the boxer 's relationship with his father , which has such a degree of bad blood that even psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud might have trouble exploring the demons that have been unleashed between father and son . In May , the pair were professionally reunited for the first time in 13 years as Floyd Sr. worked the corner during his son 's successful welterweight title defense against Robert Guerrero . The intervening years had been characterized by bitter rows and public slanging matches as the Mayweathers fell out to such extent that Floyd Sr. once told reporters he did not even know the names of two of his grandchildren . But as the man nicknamed "  Money " returned to the ring for the first time since serving a two-month jail term for a domestic violence conviction , he enlisted the help of his father . The official reason for his return two months ago was that the five-division world champion 's regular trainer -- Floyd Sr. 's brother Roger -- was too debilitated by diabetes to be relied upon . Mayweather Sr. had last taken charge of Floyd 's corner in 2000 prior to being booted out of his son 's house , and life , shortly after . Defensive nous A notable feature of Floyd Jr. 's unanimous points decision over Guerrero , the WBC 's interim champion while Mayweather was in prison , became the fact that he had tightened up his defense -- a product of his father 's work , the fighter says . "  My dad is a remarkable trainer , a defensive wizard , " the man with the 44-0 record told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  My dad brings everything . It all started with my father . What 's been installed in me from the beginning is the less you get hit , the longer you last in the sport . My father was right . " Floyd Sr. knows about the importance of avoiding major injury all too well . He has frequently recounted how he was shot in the leg by Tony Sinclair -- the later brother of Floyd Jr. 's mother -- in 1978 "  I got shot early in my career with a 20 gauge shotgun , " Floyd Sr. has said . "  And I was holding my son when I got shot . Floyd was one at the time . " Floyd Sr. was holding his son during the shooting incident to ensure he was not hit in the face or upper body - a move that he believes saved his life . "  I was n't going to put that baby down , " Floyd Sr. told the Los Angeles Times in 2012 . "  I did n't want to die . It was n't about putting my son in the line of fire . I knew -LSB- Sinclair -RSB- would n't shoot the baby . So he took the gun off my face , lowered it to my leg and bam ! " Floyd Jr. 's defensive skills are such that he has long been known as "  Pretty Boy " because of the fact he has boxed his many bouts so well his face has been largely unblemished . "  It was basically for not taking any punishment , " said Floyd Jr. "  You know , I ca n't be over the age of 30 calling myself ` Pretty Boy ' . I 'm a man . " His fight against Guerrero was the first of a six-part deal with Showtime , with every bout worth at least $ 32m to a sportsman named as the highest earner by Forbes magazine for 2012 . When he signed the 30-month deal in February , the 36-year-old Mayweather said it would be his last as a professional fighter and that he would be retiring when the contract ended . But he seems to have had a change of heart given comments he made on Monday while promoting his next fight -- against 22-year-old Mexican sensation Saul "  Canelo " Alvarez in September . "  After my five more fights , guess what ? I think after  getting to  49-0 we may stay in this sport a little longer , " Mayweather told a crowd some 5,000 strong at the Alamo in San Antonio . There has been speculation that Mayweather 's decision to recall his father reveals a desire to finally bury the hatchet , with the 60-year-old suffering from the lung disease sarcoidosis . When asked by CNN what he had learnt from his time in jail , a sentence earned after he assaulted his former partner Josie Harris -- the mother of two of his children -- in 2010 , Mayweather gave the following reply . "  Never take anything for granted . As far as ... you could see a person here today and gone tomorrow . So never take anything for granted , " he said . Family harmony Mayweather learnt his boxing skills from his father , a former fighter who was stopped by Sugar Ray Leonard in 10 rounds in 1978 , until Floyd Sr. was given a five-and-a-half-year jail term for drug trafficking when his son was 16 . It meant he was absent for the bronze medal his son won at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and the start of his professional career later that year . Floyd Sr. trained his son upon his release from prison in 1998 but the pair fell out soon after , with their last fight taking place in 2000 as the then junior lightweight champion defended his title . Floyd 's uncle Roger -- who won two titles himself in the 1990s -- took charge but there is little lost between the siblings , even if Floyd Jr may be trying to change this in what may prove to be his toughest fight so far . "  He figures he can  bring us together  by having us in the corner together , " Roger told MLive.com in April . "  That 's the only thing I can think of . All this time , Floyd 's been with me , the whole time he 's boxed . So for it to be something else , it 's something that he 's trying to mend . " And recent comments from Floyd Jr. do nothing to dispel the notion that a man whose career is built upon effective violence is trying to bring harmony to a warring boxing dynasty . "  The arguments we had in the past or the differences my dad and my uncle had in the pastâ $ " that 's the past , " Mayweather , who is often labeled the world 's best pound-to-pound boxer , said in May . "  That 's why we call it the past because we try to leave that in the past and focus on the future and the future should be bright . "	Floyd Jr. says the key has been reducing the number of time he 's been hit
CNN  -- Glance at Floyd Mayweather 's complex life story and it 's hard not to be reminded of the lyrics to Sly and the Family Stone 's classic song : "  It 's a Family Affair " -- "  Blood 's thicker than the mud , it 's a family affair . " To start with there is the boxer 's relationship with his father , which has such a degree of bad blood that even psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud might have trouble exploring the demons that have been unleashed between father and son . In May , the pair were professionally reunited for the first time in 13 years as Floyd Sr. worked the corner during his son 's successful welterweight title defense against Robert Guerrero . The intervening years had been characterized by bitter rows and public slanging matches as the Mayweathers fell out to such extent that Floyd Sr. once told reporters he did not even know the names of two of his grandchildren . But as the man nicknamed "  Money " returned to the ring for the first time since serving a two-month jail term for a domestic violence conviction , he enlisted the help of his father . The official reason for his return two months ago was that the five-division world champion 's regular trainer -- Floyd Sr. 's brother Roger -- was too debilitated by diabetes to be relied upon . Mayweather Sr. had last taken charge of Floyd 's corner in 2000 prior to being booted out of his son 's house , and life , shortly after . Defensive nous A notable feature of Floyd Jr. 's unanimous points decision over Guerrero , the WBC 's interim champion while Mayweather was in prison , became the fact that he had tightened up his defense -- a product of his father 's work , the fighter says . "  My dad is a remarkable trainer , a defensive wizard , " the man with the 44-0 record told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  My dad brings everything . It all started with my father . What 's been installed in me from the beginning is the less you get hit , the longer you last in the sport . My father was right . " Floyd Sr. knows about the importance of avoiding major injury all too well . He has frequently recounted how he was shot in the leg by Tony Sinclair -- the later brother of Floyd Jr. 's mother -- in 1978 "  I got shot early in my career with a 20 gauge shotgun , " Floyd Sr. has said . "  And I was holding my son when I got shot . Floyd was one at the time . " Floyd Sr. was holding his son during the shooting incident to ensure he was not hit in the face or upper body - a move that he believes saved his life . "  I was n't going to put that baby down , " Floyd Sr. told the Los Angeles Times in 2012 . "  I did n't want to die . It was n't about putting my son in the line of fire . I knew -LSB- Sinclair -RSB- would n't shoot the baby . So he took the gun off my face , lowered it to my leg and bam ! " Floyd Jr. 's defensive skills are such that he has long been known as "  Pretty Boy " because of the fact he has boxed his many bouts so well his face has been largely unblemished . "  It was basically for not taking any punishment , " said Floyd Jr. "  You know , I ca n't be over the age of 30 calling myself ` Pretty Boy ' . I 'm a man . " His fight against Guerrero was the first of a six-part deal with Showtime , with every bout worth at least $ 32m to a sportsman named as the highest earner by Forbes magazine for 2012 . When he signed the 30-month deal in February , the 36-year-old Mayweather said it would be his last as a professional fighter and that he would be retiring when the contract ended . But he seems to have had a change of heart given comments he made on Monday while promoting his next fight -- against 22-year-old Mexican sensation Saul "  Canelo " Alvarez in September . "  After my five more fights , guess what ? I think after  getting to  49-0 we may stay in this sport a little longer , " Mayweather told a crowd some 5,000 strong at the Alamo in San Antonio . There has been speculation that Mayweather 's decision to recall his father reveals a desire to finally bury the hatchet , with the 60-year-old suffering from the lung disease sarcoidosis . When asked by CNN what he had learnt from his time in jail , a sentence earned after he assaulted his former partner Josie Harris -- the mother of two of his children -- in 2010 , Mayweather gave the following reply . "  Never take anything for granted . As far as ... you could see a person here today and gone tomorrow . So never take anything for granted , " he said . Family harmony Mayweather learnt his boxing skills from his father , a former fighter who was stopped by Sugar Ray Leonard in 10 rounds in 1978 , until Floyd Sr. was given a five-and-a-half-year jail term for drug trafficking when his son was 16 . It meant he was absent for the bronze medal his son won at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and the start of his professional career later that year . Floyd Sr. trained his son upon his release from prison in 1998 but the pair fell out soon after , with their last fight taking place in 2000 as the then junior lightweight champion defended his title . Floyd 's uncle Roger -- who won two titles himself in the 1990s -- took charge but there is little lost between the siblings , even if Floyd Jr may be trying to change this in what may prove to be his toughest fight so far . "  He figures he can  bring us together  by having us in the corner together , " Roger told MLive.com in April . "  That 's the only thing I can think of . All this time , Floyd 's been with me , the whole time he 's boxed . So for it to be something else , it 's something that he 's trying to mend . " And recent comments from Floyd Jr. do nothing to dispel the notion that a man whose career is built upon effective violence is trying to bring harmony to a warring boxing dynasty . "  The arguments we had in the past or the differences my dad and my uncle had in the pastâ $ " that 's the past , " Mayweather , who is often labeled the world 's best pound-to-pound boxer , said in May . "  That 's why we call it the past because we try to leave that in the past and focus on the future and the future should be bright . "	Five-division world champion backtracks on previous retirement claim
CNN  -- How much do you hate it when some meddling boss is leaning way-too-close over your shoulder , micro-checking and second-guessing every bit of work you do ? Well , if you think you hate it now , get ready . Because , as annoying as it can seem today , every indication is that , as far as the stress of bosses hovering over your shoulder goes , these may soon be regarded as the good old days . The first signs of what is coming can be seen at nine U.S. colleges this spring . At those schools , a pilot program designed by CourseSmart , a Silicon Valley company that distributes electronic textbooks , is under way . The shift from print to digital , as we all know , is picking up velocity everywhere , including at colleges and universities . Soon enough , just about all textbooks will be digital . Which is where CourseSmart comes in . Not only does the company provide the electronic books -- it is offering professors and administrators the opportunity to do something previously impossible with books printed on paper . CourseSmart keeps track of , and provides to professors , real-time data about how each student is using his or her digital textbooks , "  including page views , time spent in a textbook , notes taken , highlights made , bookmarks used , and whether or not the student even opened the book , " according to Alexandra Tilsley of the online publication Inside Higher Ed . CourseSmart says that this is all designed for the ultimate good of the students , because its software allows faculty to "  identify ` at risk ' students based on engagement with assigned course materials " -- meaning : We know if you really studied the book last night . Tracy Hurley , dean of the school of business at Texas A&M University-San Antonio , told reporter David Streitfeld of The New York Times : "  It 's Big Brother , sort of , but with a good intent . " Maybe the intent is , indeed , worthy , as far as college classes are concerned . But you just know that , as soon as CourseSmart perfects the software and launches it into widespread use , American business and industry are going to glom onto it and adapt it to the workplace . This is the tool that corporations everywhere have been waiting for : a way to stand over the shoulder of every employee , 24 hours a day , and keep track of exactly how much time he or she is really spending on his or her work . The technology would allow bosses to oh-so-casually tell their subordinates : "  If you 're not too busy , why do n't you go over this report again tonight ? " And then , the next morning , say : "  Did you get a chance to work on that report ? " "  Yes , sir , I went over it at home on my iPad , and it looked fine to me . " "  Funny thing , Smithers -- our software indicates that the last time you even looked at the report was two days ago . " Oh , the possibilities are endless . It 's Big Brother , all right , corporate edition . Employees will be judged not just by the quality or creativity or ingenuity or precision of their finished work , but will be electronically stared at -- smothered with second-by-second scrutiny -- as they do the work , wherever they are . Already we have willingly given up the distinction between office time and home time ; e-mails and cellphones and text messages have erased that line . Employees are always on call . And like it or not , Americans have become accustomed to being constantly observed . Those key cards that corporations issue allow them to find out exactly when their employees were and were n't in the building ; the security cameras that dot America 's streets and malls and factories have so quickly become ubiquitous that the startling thing is not when something is "  caught on video " -- but when something somehow is n't . This , though -- the CourseSmart experiment at those nine colleges , and what it could lead to in the business world -- is the beginning of the next phase . "  You all set for the presentation tomorrow , Johnson ? " "  I am -- I 've been going over the numbers at home all weekend . " "  Have you , Johnson ? Because that 's not what our software program shows . " Of course , the employees of the future , the working stiffs , could always object to this -- could demand to be judged on their finished work alone , could insist not to be electronically spied on , could tell their bosses that when they leave the office for the day or for the weekend they 're off the clock and off duty , and thus will not be available to be tracked remotely via their tablets and smartphones and laptops . They could take a bold and principled stand and say that . It would make for an amusing anecdote to tell the person in front of them in the unemployment line the next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : We all hate a meddling boss closely watching you work over your shoulder
CNN  -- How much do you hate it when some meddling boss is leaning way-too-close over your shoulder , micro-checking and second-guessing every bit of work you do ? Well , if you think you hate it now , get ready . Because , as annoying as it can seem today , every indication is that , as far as the stress of bosses hovering over your shoulder goes , these may soon be regarded as the good old days . The first signs of what is coming can be seen at nine U.S. colleges this spring . At those schools , a pilot program designed by CourseSmart , a Silicon Valley company that distributes electronic textbooks , is under way . The shift from print to digital , as we all know , is picking up velocity everywhere , including at colleges and universities . Soon enough , just about all textbooks will be digital . Which is where CourseSmart comes in . Not only does the company provide the electronic books -- it is offering professors and administrators the opportunity to do something previously impossible with books printed on paper . CourseSmart keeps track of , and provides to professors , real-time data about how each student is using his or her digital textbooks , "  including page views , time spent in a textbook , notes taken , highlights made , bookmarks used , and whether or not the student even opened the book , " according to Alexandra Tilsley of the online publication Inside Higher Ed . CourseSmart says that this is all designed for the ultimate good of the students , because its software allows faculty to "  identify ` at risk ' students based on engagement with assigned course materials " -- meaning : We know if you really studied the book last night . Tracy Hurley , dean of the school of business at Texas A&M University-San Antonio , told reporter David Streitfeld of The New York Times : "  It 's Big Brother , sort of , but with a good intent . " Maybe the intent is , indeed , worthy , as far as college classes are concerned . But you just know that , as soon as CourseSmart perfects the software and launches it into widespread use , American business and industry are going to glom onto it and adapt it to the workplace . This is the tool that corporations everywhere have been waiting for : a way to stand over the shoulder of every employee , 24 hours a day , and keep track of exactly how much time he or she is really spending on his or her work . The technology would allow bosses to oh-so-casually tell their subordinates : "  If you 're not too busy , why do n't you go over this report again tonight ? " And then , the next morning , say : "  Did you get a chance to work on that report ? " "  Yes , sir , I went over it at home on my iPad , and it looked fine to me . " "  Funny thing , Smithers -- our software indicates that the last time you even looked at the report was two days ago . " Oh , the possibilities are endless . It 's Big Brother , all right , corporate edition . Employees will be judged not just by the quality or creativity or ingenuity or precision of their finished work , but will be electronically stared at -- smothered with second-by-second scrutiny -- as they do the work , wherever they are . Already we have willingly given up the distinction between office time and home time ; e-mails and cellphones and text messages have erased that line . Employees are always on call . And like it or not , Americans have become accustomed to being constantly observed . Those key cards that corporations issue allow them to find out exactly when their employees were and were n't in the building ; the security cameras that dot America 's streets and malls and factories have so quickly become ubiquitous that the startling thing is not when something is "  caught on video " -- but when something somehow is n't . This , though -- the CourseSmart experiment at those nine colleges , and what it could lead to in the business world -- is the beginning of the next phase . "  You all set for the presentation tomorrow , Johnson ? " "  I am -- I 've been going over the numbers at home all weekend . " "  Have you , Johnson ? Because that 's not what our software program shows . " Of course , the employees of the future , the working stiffs , could always object to this -- could demand to be judged on their finished work alone , could insist not to be electronically spied on , could tell their bosses that when they leave the office for the day or for the weekend they 're off the clock and off duty , and thus will not be available to be tracked remotely via their tablets and smartphones and laptops . They could take a bold and principled stand and say that . It would make for an amusing anecdote to tell the person in front of them in the unemployment line the next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	CourseSmart provides electronic books and monitors students ' work for professors
CNN  -- How much do you hate it when some meddling boss is leaning way-too-close over your shoulder , micro-checking and second-guessing every bit of work you do ? Well , if you think you hate it now , get ready . Because , as annoying as it can seem today , every indication is that , as far as the stress of bosses hovering over your shoulder goes , these may soon be regarded as the good old days . The first signs of what is coming can be seen at nine U.S. colleges this spring . At those schools , a pilot program designed by CourseSmart , a Silicon Valley company that distributes electronic textbooks , is under way . The shift from print to digital , as we all know , is picking up velocity everywhere , including at colleges and universities . Soon enough , just about all textbooks will be digital . Which is where CourseSmart comes in . Not only does the company provide the electronic books -- it is offering professors and administrators the opportunity to do something previously impossible with books printed on paper . CourseSmart keeps track of , and provides to professors , real-time data about how each student is using his or her digital textbooks , "  including page views , time spent in a textbook , notes taken , highlights made , bookmarks used , and whether or not the student even opened the book , " according to Alexandra Tilsley of the online publication Inside Higher Ed . CourseSmart says that this is all designed for the ultimate good of the students , because its software allows faculty to "  identify ` at risk ' students based on engagement with assigned course materials " -- meaning : We know if you really studied the book last night . Tracy Hurley , dean of the school of business at Texas A&M University-San Antonio , told reporter David Streitfeld of The New York Times : "  It 's Big Brother , sort of , but with a good intent . " Maybe the intent is , indeed , worthy , as far as college classes are concerned . But you just know that , as soon as CourseSmart perfects the software and launches it into widespread use , American business and industry are going to glom onto it and adapt it to the workplace . This is the tool that corporations everywhere have been waiting for : a way to stand over the shoulder of every employee , 24 hours a day , and keep track of exactly how much time he or she is really spending on his or her work . The technology would allow bosses to oh-so-casually tell their subordinates : "  If you 're not too busy , why do n't you go over this report again tonight ? " And then , the next morning , say : "  Did you get a chance to work on that report ? " "  Yes , sir , I went over it at home on my iPad , and it looked fine to me . " "  Funny thing , Smithers -- our software indicates that the last time you even looked at the report was two days ago . " Oh , the possibilities are endless . It 's Big Brother , all right , corporate edition . Employees will be judged not just by the quality or creativity or ingenuity or precision of their finished work , but will be electronically stared at -- smothered with second-by-second scrutiny -- as they do the work , wherever they are . Already we have willingly given up the distinction between office time and home time ; e-mails and cellphones and text messages have erased that line . Employees are always on call . And like it or not , Americans have become accustomed to being constantly observed . Those key cards that corporations issue allow them to find out exactly when their employees were and were n't in the building ; the security cameras that dot America 's streets and malls and factories have so quickly become ubiquitous that the startling thing is not when something is "  caught on video " -- but when something somehow is n't . This , though -- the CourseSmart experiment at those nine colleges , and what it could lead to in the business world -- is the beginning of the next phase . "  You all set for the presentation tomorrow , Johnson ? " "  I am -- I 've been going over the numbers at home all weekend . " "  Have you , Johnson ? Because that 's not what our software program shows . " Of course , the employees of the future , the working stiffs , could always object to this -- could demand to be judged on their finished work alone , could insist not to be electronically spied on , could tell their bosses that when they leave the office for the day or for the weekend they 're off the clock and off duty , and thus will not be available to be tracked remotely via their tablets and smartphones and laptops . They could take a bold and principled stand and say that . It would make for an amusing anecdote to tell the person in front of them in the unemployment line the next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Before you know it , he says , U.S. businesses will adapt software to the workplace
CNN  -- How much do you hate it when some meddling boss is leaning way-too-close over your shoulder , micro-checking and second-guessing every bit of work you do ? Well , if you think you hate it now , get ready . Because , as annoying as it can seem today , every indication is that , as far as the stress of bosses hovering over your shoulder goes , these may soon be regarded as the good old days . The first signs of what is coming can be seen at nine U.S. colleges this spring . At those schools , a pilot program designed by CourseSmart , a Silicon Valley company that distributes electronic textbooks , is under way . The shift from print to digital , as we all know , is picking up velocity everywhere , including at colleges and universities . Soon enough , just about all textbooks will be digital . Which is where CourseSmart comes in . Not only does the company provide the electronic books -- it is offering professors and administrators the opportunity to do something previously impossible with books printed on paper . CourseSmart keeps track of , and provides to professors , real-time data about how each student is using his or her digital textbooks , "  including page views , time spent in a textbook , notes taken , highlights made , bookmarks used , and whether or not the student even opened the book , " according to Alexandra Tilsley of the online publication Inside Higher Ed . CourseSmart says that this is all designed for the ultimate good of the students , because its software allows faculty to "  identify ` at risk ' students based on engagement with assigned course materials " -- meaning : We know if you really studied the book last night . Tracy Hurley , dean of the school of business at Texas A&M University-San Antonio , told reporter David Streitfeld of The New York Times : "  It 's Big Brother , sort of , but with a good intent . " Maybe the intent is , indeed , worthy , as far as college classes are concerned . But you just know that , as soon as CourseSmart perfects the software and launches it into widespread use , American business and industry are going to glom onto it and adapt it to the workplace . This is the tool that corporations everywhere have been waiting for : a way to stand over the shoulder of every employee , 24 hours a day , and keep track of exactly how much time he or she is really spending on his or her work . The technology would allow bosses to oh-so-casually tell their subordinates : "  If you 're not too busy , why do n't you go over this report again tonight ? " And then , the next morning , say : "  Did you get a chance to work on that report ? " "  Yes , sir , I went over it at home on my iPad , and it looked fine to me . " "  Funny thing , Smithers -- our software indicates that the last time you even looked at the report was two days ago . " Oh , the possibilities are endless . It 's Big Brother , all right , corporate edition . Employees will be judged not just by the quality or creativity or ingenuity or precision of their finished work , but will be electronically stared at -- smothered with second-by-second scrutiny -- as they do the work , wherever they are . Already we have willingly given up the distinction between office time and home time ; e-mails and cellphones and text messages have erased that line . Employees are always on call . And like it or not , Americans have become accustomed to being constantly observed . Those key cards that corporations issue allow them to find out exactly when their employees were and were n't in the building ; the security cameras that dot America 's streets and malls and factories have so quickly become ubiquitous that the startling thing is not when something is "  caught on video " -- but when something somehow is n't . This , though -- the CourseSmart experiment at those nine colleges , and what it could lead to in the business world -- is the beginning of the next phase . "  You all set for the presentation tomorrow , Johnson ? " "  I am -- I 've been going over the numbers at home all weekend . " "  Have you , Johnson ? Because that 's not what our software program shows . " Of course , the employees of the future , the working stiffs , could always object to this -- could demand to be judged on their finished work alone , could insist not to be electronically spied on , could tell their bosses that when they leave the office for the day or for the weekend they 're off the clock and off duty , and thus will not be available to be tracked remotely via their tablets and smartphones and laptops . They could take a bold and principled stand and say that . It would make for an amusing anecdote to tell the person in front of them in the unemployment line the next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Greene : Then , bosses can look over their employees ' shoulders 24/7
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will conduct naval fire drills near a flashpoint with the North that resulted in the deaths of four people , military officials said Thursday . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island on a day to be announced between December 18 and 21 . The South previously announced military exercises for this week , but Thursday 's announcement adds to them . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled the island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . North Korea Thursday accused the South 's new defense minister , Kim Kwan-jin , of "  going reckless like a puppy knowing no fear of a tiger , " state-run KCNA reported . During his confirmation hearing this month , Kim said South Korea would respond with airstrikes if the North attacks it again . The South Korean joint chiefs said the drills will be carried out in the presence of officials from the Military Armistice Committee and representatives from U.N. party members to ensure that the exercise is lawful and follows rules of the armistice .	New drills add to military exercises around the Korean peninsula
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will conduct naval fire drills near a flashpoint with the North that resulted in the deaths of four people , military officials said Thursday . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island on a day to be announced between December 18 and 21 . The South previously announced military exercises for this week , but Thursday 's announcement adds to them . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled the island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . North Korea Thursday accused the South 's new defense minister , Kim Kwan-jin , of "  going reckless like a puppy knowing no fear of a tiger , " state-run KCNA reported . During his confirmation hearing this month , Kim said South Korea would respond with airstrikes if the North attacks it again . The South Korean joint chiefs said the drills will be carried out in the presence of officials from the Military Armistice Committee and representatives from U.N. party members to ensure that the exercise is lawful and follows rules of the armistice .	North Korea shells a South Korean island last month
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will conduct naval fire drills near a flashpoint with the North that resulted in the deaths of four people , military officials said Thursday . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island on a day to be announced between December 18 and 21 . The South previously announced military exercises for this week , but Thursday 's announcement adds to them . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled the island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . North Korea Thursday accused the South 's new defense minister , Kim Kwan-jin , of "  going reckless like a puppy knowing no fear of a tiger , " state-run KCNA reported . During his confirmation hearing this month , Kim said South Korea would respond with airstrikes if the North attacks it again . The South Korean joint chiefs said the drills will be carried out in the presence of officials from the Military Armistice Committee and representatives from U.N. party members to ensure that the exercise is lawful and follows rules of the armistice .	The drills will take place near a flashpoint that left four people dead
CNN  -- A Canadian subsidiary of a U.S.-based multinational firm pleaded guilty in federal court Thursday to illegally sending software to China , which it used in the development of its first advanced attack helicopter , according to the U.S. attorney in Connecticut . Pratt & Whitney Canada -- a subsidiary of Hartford , Connecticut-based United Technologies Corporation -- pleaded guilty to violating the Arms Export Control Act . In a case going back more than a decade , the firm admitted it sold software that was used in the development and testing of the new Z-10 helicopter for China 's army . UTC , Pratt & Whitney Canada and another UTC subsidiary -- Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation -- agreed to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement with the U.S. government because of the arms export violations and for making false statements , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and other federal officials . The firms are expected to pay $ 20.7 million to the Justice Department and another $ 55 million to the State Department "  to resolve outstanding export issues , including those related to the Z-10 , " court documents said . "  This prosecution is one of the largest resolutions of export violations with a major defense contractor in the Justice Department 's history , " Fein said . Federal officials blasted the firm , saying the case "  is a clear example of how the illegal export of sensitive technology reduces the advantages our military currently possesses . " "  American military prowess depends on lawful , controlled exports of sensitive technology by U.S. industries and their subsidiaries , " added John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . According to court documents , an internal e-mail from a senior manager in September 2001 suggested that officials at Pratt & Whitney Canada knew the sales could violate U.S. sanctions . "  We must be very careful that the helicopter programs we are doing with the Chinese are not presented or viewed as military programs , " the manager 's e-mail read , according to the documents . "  As a result of these sanctions , we need to be very careful with the Z10C program . If the first flight will be with a gun ship then we could have problems with the US government . " The contractor was allegedly trying to outflank its European rivals and develop a foothold in the lucrative Chinese civil helicopter market , thought to be worth up to $ 2 billion in the coming years , the documents added . An internal briefing from September 2002 noted that "  China 's civil helicopter market potential is large  estimated at close to 20,000 aircraft by some  . " Chinese officials allegedly "  made it clear that if  Pratt & Whitney Canada  wanted to have its engines considered for the yet-to-be-developed civil version , it would have to provide its engines ... with the understanding that the initial application ... would be military , " the documents added . But the firm allegedly "  turned a blind eye to the attack helicopter application and went along with the ` sudden appearance ' of a parallel civil program . " United Technologies says it accepted responsibility "  for these past violations and we deeply regret they occurred , " noting that it has "  invested more than $ 30 million since 2006 to strengthen its compliance infrastructure . " "  Export controls are an integral part of safeguarding U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , " said CEO Louis Chenevert . "  As a supplier of controlled products and technologies to the Department of Defense and other domestic and international customers , we are committed to conducting business in full compliance with all export laws and regulations . " The United States has imposed sanctions on the sale of military technology to China since 1989 , after pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square were crushed in a bloody Chinese crackdown . Congress strengthened sanctions less than a year later , specifically naming helicopters and helicopter parts in the ban . The Z-10 helicopter is in production and started being used by China 's armed forces in 2009 , according to the Justice Department . It is capable of being equipped with 30 mm cannons , anti-tank and air-to-air missiles , and is primarily intended as an anti-armor attack craft , according to federal officials . Christopher K. Johnson , a senior adviser at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , said the case "  highlights our issues with defense cooperation and competition with China . " "  This is just another signal that those issues and tensions are unlikely to go anywhere , " he said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Military technology was illegally sold to China by an American multinational firm
CNN  -- A Canadian subsidiary of a U.S.-based multinational firm pleaded guilty in federal court Thursday to illegally sending software to China , which it used in the development of its first advanced attack helicopter , according to the U.S. attorney in Connecticut . Pratt & Whitney Canada -- a subsidiary of Hartford , Connecticut-based United Technologies Corporation -- pleaded guilty to violating the Arms Export Control Act . In a case going back more than a decade , the firm admitted it sold software that was used in the development and testing of the new Z-10 helicopter for China 's army . UTC , Pratt & Whitney Canada and another UTC subsidiary -- Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation -- agreed to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement with the U.S. government because of the arms export violations and for making false statements , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and other federal officials . The firms are expected to pay $ 20.7 million to the Justice Department and another $ 55 million to the State Department "  to resolve outstanding export issues , including those related to the Z-10 , " court documents said . "  This prosecution is one of the largest resolutions of export violations with a major defense contractor in the Justice Department 's history , " Fein said . Federal officials blasted the firm , saying the case "  is a clear example of how the illegal export of sensitive technology reduces the advantages our military currently possesses . " "  American military prowess depends on lawful , controlled exports of sensitive technology by U.S. industries and their subsidiaries , " added John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . According to court documents , an internal e-mail from a senior manager in September 2001 suggested that officials at Pratt & Whitney Canada knew the sales could violate U.S. sanctions . "  We must be very careful that the helicopter programs we are doing with the Chinese are not presented or viewed as military programs , " the manager 's e-mail read , according to the documents . "  As a result of these sanctions , we need to be very careful with the Z10C program . If the first flight will be with a gun ship then we could have problems with the US government . " The contractor was allegedly trying to outflank its European rivals and develop a foothold in the lucrative Chinese civil helicopter market , thought to be worth up to $ 2 billion in the coming years , the documents added . An internal briefing from September 2002 noted that "  China 's civil helicopter market potential is large  estimated at close to 20,000 aircraft by some  . " Chinese officials allegedly "  made it clear that if  Pratt & Whitney Canada  wanted to have its engines considered for the yet-to-be-developed civil version , it would have to provide its engines ... with the understanding that the initial application ... would be military , " the documents added . But the firm allegedly "  turned a blind eye to the attack helicopter application and went along with the ` sudden appearance ' of a parallel civil program . " United Technologies says it accepted responsibility "  for these past violations and we deeply regret they occurred , " noting that it has "  invested more than $ 30 million since 2006 to strengthen its compliance infrastructure . " "  Export controls are an integral part of safeguarding U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , " said CEO Louis Chenevert . "  As a supplier of controlled products and technologies to the Department of Defense and other domestic and international customers , we are committed to conducting business in full compliance with all export laws and regulations . " The United States has imposed sanctions on the sale of military technology to China since 1989 , after pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square were crushed in a bloody Chinese crackdown . Congress strengthened sanctions less than a year later , specifically naming helicopters and helicopter parts in the ban . The Z-10 helicopter is in production and started being used by China 's armed forces in 2009 , according to the Justice Department . It is capable of being equipped with 30 mm cannons , anti-tank and air-to-air missiles , and is primarily intended as an anti-armor attack craft , according to federal officials . Christopher K. Johnson , a senior adviser at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , said the case "  highlights our issues with defense cooperation and competition with China . " "  This is just another signal that those issues and tensions are unlikely to go anywhere , " he said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	It helped China develop and produce its first advanced attack helicopter , U.S. officials say
CNN  -- A Canadian subsidiary of a U.S.-based multinational firm pleaded guilty in federal court Thursday to illegally sending software to China , which it used in the development of its first advanced attack helicopter , according to the U.S. attorney in Connecticut . Pratt & Whitney Canada -- a subsidiary of Hartford , Connecticut-based United Technologies Corporation -- pleaded guilty to violating the Arms Export Control Act . In a case going back more than a decade , the firm admitted it sold software that was used in the development and testing of the new Z-10 helicopter for China 's army . UTC , Pratt & Whitney Canada and another UTC subsidiary -- Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation -- agreed to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement with the U.S. government because of the arms export violations and for making false statements , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and other federal officials . The firms are expected to pay $ 20.7 million to the Justice Department and another $ 55 million to the State Department "  to resolve outstanding export issues , including those related to the Z-10 , " court documents said . "  This prosecution is one of the largest resolutions of export violations with a major defense contractor in the Justice Department 's history , " Fein said . Federal officials blasted the firm , saying the case "  is a clear example of how the illegal export of sensitive technology reduces the advantages our military currently possesses . " "  American military prowess depends on lawful , controlled exports of sensitive technology by U.S. industries and their subsidiaries , " added John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . According to court documents , an internal e-mail from a senior manager in September 2001 suggested that officials at Pratt & Whitney Canada knew the sales could violate U.S. sanctions . "  We must be very careful that the helicopter programs we are doing with the Chinese are not presented or viewed as military programs , " the manager 's e-mail read , according to the documents . "  As a result of these sanctions , we need to be very careful with the Z10C program . If the first flight will be with a gun ship then we could have problems with the US government . " The contractor was allegedly trying to outflank its European rivals and develop a foothold in the lucrative Chinese civil helicopter market , thought to be worth up to $ 2 billion in the coming years , the documents added . An internal briefing from September 2002 noted that "  China 's civil helicopter market potential is large  estimated at close to 20,000 aircraft by some  . " Chinese officials allegedly "  made it clear that if  Pratt & Whitney Canada  wanted to have its engines considered for the yet-to-be-developed civil version , it would have to provide its engines ... with the understanding that the initial application ... would be military , " the documents added . But the firm allegedly "  turned a blind eye to the attack helicopter application and went along with the ` sudden appearance ' of a parallel civil program . " United Technologies says it accepted responsibility "  for these past violations and we deeply regret they occurred , " noting that it has "  invested more than $ 30 million since 2006 to strengthen its compliance infrastructure . " "  Export controls are an integral part of safeguarding U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , " said CEO Louis Chenevert . "  As a supplier of controlled products and technologies to the Department of Defense and other domestic and international customers , we are committed to conducting business in full compliance with all export laws and regulations . " The United States has imposed sanctions on the sale of military technology to China since 1989 , after pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square were crushed in a bloody Chinese crackdown . Congress strengthened sanctions less than a year later , specifically naming helicopters and helicopter parts in the ban . The Z-10 helicopter is in production and started being used by China 's armed forces in 2009 , according to the Justice Department . It is capable of being equipped with 30 mm cannons , anti-tank and air-to-air missiles , and is primarily intended as an anti-armor attack craft , according to federal officials . Christopher K. Johnson , a senior adviser at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , said the case "  highlights our issues with defense cooperation and competition with China . " "  This is just another signal that those issues and tensions are unlikely to go anywhere , " he said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	United Technologies Corporation agrees to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement
CNN  -- A Canadian subsidiary of a U.S.-based multinational firm pleaded guilty in federal court Thursday to illegally sending software to China , which it used in the development of its first advanced attack helicopter , according to the U.S. attorney in Connecticut . Pratt & Whitney Canada -- a subsidiary of Hartford , Connecticut-based United Technologies Corporation -- pleaded guilty to violating the Arms Export Control Act . In a case going back more than a decade , the firm admitted it sold software that was used in the development and testing of the new Z-10 helicopter for China 's army . UTC , Pratt & Whitney Canada and another UTC subsidiary -- Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation -- agreed to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement with the U.S. government because of the arms export violations and for making false statements , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and other federal officials . The firms are expected to pay $ 20.7 million to the Justice Department and another $ 55 million to the State Department "  to resolve outstanding export issues , including those related to the Z-10 , " court documents said . "  This prosecution is one of the largest resolutions of export violations with a major defense contractor in the Justice Department 's history , " Fein said . Federal officials blasted the firm , saying the case "  is a clear example of how the illegal export of sensitive technology reduces the advantages our military currently possesses . " "  American military prowess depends on lawful , controlled exports of sensitive technology by U.S. industries and their subsidiaries , " added John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . According to court documents , an internal e-mail from a senior manager in September 2001 suggested that officials at Pratt & Whitney Canada knew the sales could violate U.S. sanctions . "  We must be very careful that the helicopter programs we are doing with the Chinese are not presented or viewed as military programs , " the manager 's e-mail read , according to the documents . "  As a result of these sanctions , we need to be very careful with the Z10C program . If the first flight will be with a gun ship then we could have problems with the US government . " The contractor was allegedly trying to outflank its European rivals and develop a foothold in the lucrative Chinese civil helicopter market , thought to be worth up to $ 2 billion in the coming years , the documents added . An internal briefing from September 2002 noted that "  China 's civil helicopter market potential is large  estimated at close to 20,000 aircraft by some  . " Chinese officials allegedly "  made it clear that if  Pratt & Whitney Canada  wanted to have its engines considered for the yet-to-be-developed civil version , it would have to provide its engines ... with the understanding that the initial application ... would be military , " the documents added . But the firm allegedly "  turned a blind eye to the attack helicopter application and went along with the ` sudden appearance ' of a parallel civil program . " United Technologies says it accepted responsibility "  for these past violations and we deeply regret they occurred , " noting that it has "  invested more than $ 30 million since 2006 to strengthen its compliance infrastructure . " "  Export controls are an integral part of safeguarding U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , " said CEO Louis Chenevert . "  As a supplier of controlled products and technologies to the Department of Defense and other domestic and international customers , we are committed to conducting business in full compliance with all export laws and regulations . " The United States has imposed sanctions on the sale of military technology to China since 1989 , after pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square were crushed in a bloody Chinese crackdown . Congress strengthened sanctions less than a year later , specifically naming helicopters and helicopter parts in the ban . The Z-10 helicopter is in production and started being used by China 's armed forces in 2009 , according to the Justice Department . It is capable of being equipped with 30 mm cannons , anti-tank and air-to-air missiles , and is primarily intended as an anti-armor attack craft , according to federal officials . Christopher K. Johnson , a senior adviser at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , said the case "  highlights our issues with defense cooperation and competition with China . " "  This is just another signal that those issues and tensions are unlikely to go anywhere , " he said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Pratt & Whitney Canada pleads guilty on Thursday to violating the Arms Export Control Act
The Frisky  -- Last weekend at a party , I noticed a toad-like man attaching himself to a beautiful , talented friend of mine . Not only was she way out of his league , looks-wise , but as I eavesdropped I discovered he was one of those dudes who delivers endless monologues instead of engaging in actual conversations . Too many women are afraid to say , "  No , " says author . Ladies , I think we 've all been stuck with that guy . Now it was my friend 's turn . I could tell by her stunned look of horror that she wanted nothing to do with him , but she seemed frozen . My pal Ivan and I tried to intervene . "  Let 's go get some cake , " we suggested , physically pulling her from his side . Her relief was short-lived as he tracked her down and reattached himself to her hip . Watching her go through this made me think back on how many times I 've been afraid to say no . Maybe "  afraid " is the wrong word , but I 've spent hours worrying about offending men who would 've had no problem offending me if the situation were reversed . So I was thrilled when a copy of the hilarious book , "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " landed on my doorstep . As the title suggests , TPON is about learning to not only say no , but to embrace no , something women seem to have an inexplicably harder time doing than men . I shot off an email to author Beth Wareham asking her why we womenfolk find it so painful to blow-off a troll . "  The psycho-sexual-societal bulls -- t that makes women be such wimps in the face of an odious man is in our DNA . And young women often make the dreadful mistake of thinking everyone has to like them , " she fired back . The Frisky : 13 Woman you 're dating is a loser "  I believe that some dumb guy bugging you is a great moment to really march out a lie , " she continues . "  I mean , really , who goes around harassing strangers ? Say , ' I have herpes . ' Say , ' I am a hermaphrodite . ' Say any damn thing you want to say but get him out of your face . You have ONE LIFE . Do n't give chunks of it to this kind of dude ! " The Frisky : I 'm just not that into anyone anymore But for some guys -- and , let 's face it , girls , too -- the word "  no " can have an opposite effect , acting as an aphrodisiac . Wareham says , "  Human beings want what they do not and can not have . " But sometimes you mean it ! In that case , a persistent leghumper should be ignored , or reported to the cops if he gets stalky . "  Do n't answer . It 's your door , your cell . And , if it gets too bad , try 911 , " she advises . "  You would n't let anyone else harass you like that , would you ? " The Frisky : Are these dating habits cute or crazy ? Okay , so how about the Ambiguous Dater -- the cute guy who wants to "  hang out , " but never seems to make any plans . "  No hanging out , ever , " Wareham insists . "  If the guy ca n't think up an interesting date and find $ 40.00 bucks for a burrito and movie , no go . Dating should never be ` hanging out . ' Save that for marriage . " The Frisky : How to deal with ambiguous dater How about dumping someone , I asked . How do you do that nicely ? "  I am not the woman to ask if you want kindly , " Wareham replied . "  But , I do know this , keep the tone friendly . The less you imbue language with strong emotion , the better . I once said , ` Dude , it was way fun and I learned lots . But you yelled Mommy ! during sex . ' That happened to me , by the way . " Hey , wait a minute ... I once said yes to that guy too ! The Frisky : How to know when it 's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Women hesitate to say no out of fear they will offend men , columnist says
The Frisky  -- Last weekend at a party , I noticed a toad-like man attaching himself to a beautiful , talented friend of mine . Not only was she way out of his league , looks-wise , but as I eavesdropped I discovered he was one of those dudes who delivers endless monologues instead of engaging in actual conversations . Too many women are afraid to say , "  No , " says author . Ladies , I think we 've all been stuck with that guy . Now it was my friend 's turn . I could tell by her stunned look of horror that she wanted nothing to do with him , but she seemed frozen . My pal Ivan and I tried to intervene . "  Let 's go get some cake , " we suggested , physically pulling her from his side . Her relief was short-lived as he tracked her down and reattached himself to her hip . Watching her go through this made me think back on how many times I 've been afraid to say no . Maybe "  afraid " is the wrong word , but I 've spent hours worrying about offending men who would 've had no problem offending me if the situation were reversed . So I was thrilled when a copy of the hilarious book , "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " landed on my doorstep . As the title suggests , TPON is about learning to not only say no , but to embrace no , something women seem to have an inexplicably harder time doing than men . I shot off an email to author Beth Wareham asking her why we womenfolk find it so painful to blow-off a troll . "  The psycho-sexual-societal bulls -- t that makes women be such wimps in the face of an odious man is in our DNA . And young women often make the dreadful mistake of thinking everyone has to like them , " she fired back . The Frisky : 13 Woman you 're dating is a loser "  I believe that some dumb guy bugging you is a great moment to really march out a lie , " she continues . "  I mean , really , who goes around harassing strangers ? Say , ' I have herpes . ' Say , ' I am a hermaphrodite . ' Say any damn thing you want to say but get him out of your face . You have ONE LIFE . Do n't give chunks of it to this kind of dude ! " The Frisky : I 'm just not that into anyone anymore But for some guys -- and , let 's face it , girls , too -- the word "  no " can have an opposite effect , acting as an aphrodisiac . Wareham says , "  Human beings want what they do not and can not have . " But sometimes you mean it ! In that case , a persistent leghumper should be ignored , or reported to the cops if he gets stalky . "  Do n't answer . It 's your door , your cell . And , if it gets too bad , try 911 , " she advises . "  You would n't let anyone else harass you like that , would you ? " The Frisky : Are these dating habits cute or crazy ? Okay , so how about the Ambiguous Dater -- the cute guy who wants to "  hang out , " but never seems to make any plans . "  No hanging out , ever , " Wareham insists . "  If the guy ca n't think up an interesting date and find $ 40.00 bucks for a burrito and movie , no go . Dating should never be ` hanging out . ' Save that for marriage . " The Frisky : How to deal with ambiguous dater How about dumping someone , I asked . How do you do that nicely ? "  I am not the woman to ask if you want kindly , " Wareham replied . "  But , I do know this , keep the tone friendly . The less you imbue language with strong emotion , the better . I once said , ` Dude , it was way fun and I learned lots . But you yelled Mommy ! during sex . ' That happened to me , by the way . " Hey , wait a minute ... I once said yes to that guy too ! The Frisky : How to know when it 's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " has tips on saying no
The Frisky  -- Last weekend at a party , I noticed a toad-like man attaching himself to a beautiful , talented friend of mine . Not only was she way out of his league , looks-wise , but as I eavesdropped I discovered he was one of those dudes who delivers endless monologues instead of engaging in actual conversations . Too many women are afraid to say , "  No , " says author . Ladies , I think we 've all been stuck with that guy . Now it was my friend 's turn . I could tell by her stunned look of horror that she wanted nothing to do with him , but she seemed frozen . My pal Ivan and I tried to intervene . "  Let 's go get some cake , " we suggested , physically pulling her from his side . Her relief was short-lived as he tracked her down and reattached himself to her hip . Watching her go through this made me think back on how many times I 've been afraid to say no . Maybe "  afraid " is the wrong word , but I 've spent hours worrying about offending men who would 've had no problem offending me if the situation were reversed . So I was thrilled when a copy of the hilarious book , "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " landed on my doorstep . As the title suggests , TPON is about learning to not only say no , but to embrace no , something women seem to have an inexplicably harder time doing than men . I shot off an email to author Beth Wareham asking her why we womenfolk find it so painful to blow-off a troll . "  The psycho-sexual-societal bulls -- t that makes women be such wimps in the face of an odious man is in our DNA . And young women often make the dreadful mistake of thinking everyone has to like them , " she fired back . The Frisky : 13 Woman you 're dating is a loser "  I believe that some dumb guy bugging you is a great moment to really march out a lie , " she continues . "  I mean , really , who goes around harassing strangers ? Say , ' I have herpes . ' Say , ' I am a hermaphrodite . ' Say any damn thing you want to say but get him out of your face . You have ONE LIFE . Do n't give chunks of it to this kind of dude ! " The Frisky : I 'm just not that into anyone anymore But for some guys -- and , let 's face it , girls , too -- the word "  no " can have an opposite effect , acting as an aphrodisiac . Wareham says , "  Human beings want what they do not and can not have . " But sometimes you mean it ! In that case , a persistent leghumper should be ignored , or reported to the cops if he gets stalky . "  Do n't answer . It 's your door , your cell . And , if it gets too bad , try 911 , " she advises . "  You would n't let anyone else harass you like that , would you ? " The Frisky : Are these dating habits cute or crazy ? Okay , so how about the Ambiguous Dater -- the cute guy who wants to "  hang out , " but never seems to make any plans . "  No hanging out , ever , " Wareham insists . "  If the guy ca n't think up an interesting date and find $ 40.00 bucks for a burrito and movie , no go . Dating should never be ` hanging out . ' Save that for marriage . " The Frisky : How to deal with ambiguous dater How about dumping someone , I asked . How do you do that nicely ? "  I am not the woman to ask if you want kindly , " Wareham replied . "  But , I do know this , keep the tone friendly . The less you imbue language with strong emotion , the better . I once said , ` Dude , it was way fun and I learned lots . But you yelled Mommy ! during sex . ' That happened to me , by the way . " Hey , wait a minute ... I once said yes to that guy too ! The Frisky : How to know when it 's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author : The word "  no " can act as an aphrodisiac for some men
The Frisky  -- Last weekend at a party , I noticed a toad-like man attaching himself to a beautiful , talented friend of mine . Not only was she way out of his league , looks-wise , but as I eavesdropped I discovered he was one of those dudes who delivers endless monologues instead of engaging in actual conversations . Too many women are afraid to say , "  No , " says author . Ladies , I think we 've all been stuck with that guy . Now it was my friend 's turn . I could tell by her stunned look of horror that she wanted nothing to do with him , but she seemed frozen . My pal Ivan and I tried to intervene . "  Let 's go get some cake , " we suggested , physically pulling her from his side . Her relief was short-lived as he tracked her down and reattached himself to her hip . Watching her go through this made me think back on how many times I 've been afraid to say no . Maybe "  afraid " is the wrong word , but I 've spent hours worrying about offending men who would 've had no problem offending me if the situation were reversed . So I was thrilled when a copy of the hilarious book , "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " landed on my doorstep . As the title suggests , TPON is about learning to not only say no , but to embrace no , something women seem to have an inexplicably harder time doing than men . I shot off an email to author Beth Wareham asking her why we womenfolk find it so painful to blow-off a troll . "  The psycho-sexual-societal bulls -- t that makes women be such wimps in the face of an odious man is in our DNA . And young women often make the dreadful mistake of thinking everyone has to like them , " she fired back . The Frisky : 13 Woman you 're dating is a loser "  I believe that some dumb guy bugging you is a great moment to really march out a lie , " she continues . "  I mean , really , who goes around harassing strangers ? Say , ' I have herpes . ' Say , ' I am a hermaphrodite . ' Say any damn thing you want to say but get him out of your face . You have ONE LIFE . Do n't give chunks of it to this kind of dude ! " The Frisky : I 'm just not that into anyone anymore But for some guys -- and , let 's face it , girls , too -- the word "  no " can have an opposite effect , acting as an aphrodisiac . Wareham says , "  Human beings want what they do not and can not have . " But sometimes you mean it ! In that case , a persistent leghumper should be ignored , or reported to the cops if he gets stalky . "  Do n't answer . It 's your door , your cell . And , if it gets too bad , try 911 , " she advises . "  You would n't let anyone else harass you like that , would you ? " The Frisky : Are these dating habits cute or crazy ? Okay , so how about the Ambiguous Dater -- the cute guy who wants to "  hang out , " but never seems to make any plans . "  No hanging out , ever , " Wareham insists . "  If the guy ca n't think up an interesting date and find $ 40.00 bucks for a burrito and movie , no go . Dating should never be ` hanging out . ' Save that for marriage . " The Frisky : How to deal with ambiguous dater How about dumping someone , I asked . How do you do that nicely ? "  I am not the woman to ask if you want kindly , " Wareham replied . "  But , I do know this , keep the tone friendly . The less you imbue language with strong emotion , the better . I once said , ` Dude , it was way fun and I learned lots . But you yelled Mommy ! during sex . ' That happened to me , by the way . " Hey , wait a minute ... I once said yes to that guy too ! The Frisky : How to know when it 's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	When saying , ` No " keep the tone friendly , but emotion-free , writer says
CNN  -- Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated Monday by President Barack Obama to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget , a senior Obama administration official said . Burwell , 47 , is currently the head of the Walmart Foundation , the retail chain 's charitable organization . The organization donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 , according to its website . If confirmed by the Senate , she will assume a Cabinet-rank position as head of the White House agency that assists the president on budget matters . While it may not have the profile of jobs such as secretary of state or secretary of defense , the OMB position is a central part of a president 's administration . One example of its importance is the rise of Jack Lew , who held that job before becoming White House chief of staff and now treasury secretary . The stakes are especially high now , with Obama engaged in a protracted , heated battle with the Republican-led House of Representatives about the size and shape of the federal government 's budget . The two sides have failed to reach an agreement to avert mandatory , across-the-board spending cuts -- to the tune of $ 85 billion through the next seven months of the current fiscal year -- that took effect Friday . In addition , a possible government shutdown looms at the end of this month . Boehner ` hopeful ' on preventing government shutdown Walmart CEO Mike Duke congratulated Burwell on her upcoming nomination , calling her "  a strong leader who both masters the details and has a clear vision for making big things happen . " "  She cares deeply about people  and  she understands business and the role that business , government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunities and strengthens communities across the country , " Duke said in a statement . Beyond her more recent work in corporate philanthropy -- including as the chief operating officer and founding president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through 2011 -- Burwell has experience in government . She worked in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , something that she has in common with Lew and Peter Orszag , another OMB chief in the Obama administration . For parts of 1997 and 1998 , Burwell was a deputy chief of staff to Clinton , according to her profile on MetLife 's website , where she is a member of its board of directors . She served as deputy director of the OMB between 1998 and 2001 .	Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated to lead the Office of Management and Budget
CNN  -- Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated Monday by President Barack Obama to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget , a senior Obama administration official said . Burwell , 47 , is currently the head of the Walmart Foundation , the retail chain 's charitable organization . The organization donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 , according to its website . If confirmed by the Senate , she will assume a Cabinet-rank position as head of the White House agency that assists the president on budget matters . While it may not have the profile of jobs such as secretary of state or secretary of defense , the OMB position is a central part of a president 's administration . One example of its importance is the rise of Jack Lew , who held that job before becoming White House chief of staff and now treasury secretary . The stakes are especially high now , with Obama engaged in a protracted , heated battle with the Republican-led House of Representatives about the size and shape of the federal government 's budget . The two sides have failed to reach an agreement to avert mandatory , across-the-board spending cuts -- to the tune of $ 85 billion through the next seven months of the current fiscal year -- that took effect Friday . In addition , a possible government shutdown looms at the end of this month . Boehner ` hopeful ' on preventing government shutdown Walmart CEO Mike Duke congratulated Burwell on her upcoming nomination , calling her "  a strong leader who both masters the details and has a clear vision for making big things happen . " "  She cares deeply about people  and  she understands business and the role that business , government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunities and strengthens communities across the country , " Duke said in a statement . Beyond her more recent work in corporate philanthropy -- including as the chief operating officer and founding president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through 2011 -- Burwell has experience in government . She worked in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , something that she has in common with Lew and Peter Orszag , another OMB chief in the Obama administration . For parts of 1997 and 1998 , Burwell was a deputy chief of staff to Clinton , according to her profile on MetLife 's website , where she is a member of its board of directors . She served as deputy director of the OMB between 1998 and 2001 .	Burwell served in the Clinton administration , where she rose to deputy director of the OMB
CNN  -- Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated Monday by President Barack Obama to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget , a senior Obama administration official said . Burwell , 47 , is currently the head of the Walmart Foundation , the retail chain 's charitable organization . The organization donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 , according to its website . If confirmed by the Senate , she will assume a Cabinet-rank position as head of the White House agency that assists the president on budget matters . While it may not have the profile of jobs such as secretary of state or secretary of defense , the OMB position is a central part of a president 's administration . One example of its importance is the rise of Jack Lew , who held that job before becoming White House chief of staff and now treasury secretary . The stakes are especially high now , with Obama engaged in a protracted , heated battle with the Republican-led House of Representatives about the size and shape of the federal government 's budget . The two sides have failed to reach an agreement to avert mandatory , across-the-board spending cuts -- to the tune of $ 85 billion through the next seven months of the current fiscal year -- that took effect Friday . In addition , a possible government shutdown looms at the end of this month . Boehner ` hopeful ' on preventing government shutdown Walmart CEO Mike Duke congratulated Burwell on her upcoming nomination , calling her "  a strong leader who both masters the details and has a clear vision for making big things happen . " "  She cares deeply about people  and  she understands business and the role that business , government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunities and strengthens communities across the country , " Duke said in a statement . Beyond her more recent work in corporate philanthropy -- including as the chief operating officer and founding president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through 2011 -- Burwell has experience in government . She worked in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , something that she has in common with Lew and Peter Orszag , another OMB chief in the Obama administration . For parts of 1997 and 1998 , Burwell was a deputy chief of staff to Clinton , according to her profile on MetLife 's website , where she is a member of its board of directors . She served as deputy director of the OMB between 1998 and 2001 .	She had top roles at the Gates Foundation and is now head of the Walmart Foundation
CNN  -- Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated Monday by President Barack Obama to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget , a senior Obama administration official said . Burwell , 47 , is currently the head of the Walmart Foundation , the retail chain 's charitable organization . The organization donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 , according to its website . If confirmed by the Senate , she will assume a Cabinet-rank position as head of the White House agency that assists the president on budget matters . While it may not have the profile of jobs such as secretary of state or secretary of defense , the OMB position is a central part of a president 's administration . One example of its importance is the rise of Jack Lew , who held that job before becoming White House chief of staff and now treasury secretary . The stakes are especially high now , with Obama engaged in a protracted , heated battle with the Republican-led House of Representatives about the size and shape of the federal government 's budget . The two sides have failed to reach an agreement to avert mandatory , across-the-board spending cuts -- to the tune of $ 85 billion through the next seven months of the current fiscal year -- that took effect Friday . In addition , a possible government shutdown looms at the end of this month . Boehner ` hopeful ' on preventing government shutdown Walmart CEO Mike Duke congratulated Burwell on her upcoming nomination , calling her "  a strong leader who both masters the details and has a clear vision for making big things happen . " "  She cares deeply about people  and  she understands business and the role that business , government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunities and strengthens communities across the country , " Duke said in a statement . Beyond her more recent work in corporate philanthropy -- including as the chief operating officer and founding president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through 2011 -- Burwell has experience in government . She worked in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , something that she has in common with Lew and Peter Orszag , another OMB chief in the Obama administration . For parts of 1997 and 1998 , Burwell was a deputy chief of staff to Clinton , according to her profile on MetLife 's website , where she is a member of its board of directors . She served as deputy director of the OMB between 1998 and 2001 .	Walmart 's CEO congratulates Burwell and calls her "  a strong leader "
CNN  -- The driver hired to deliver an adopted Russian boy from the Moscow airport to the Russian education ministry last week said he was "  shocked like a crazy man " when he realized what was happening . Seven-year-old Justin Artyem was sent back to Russia alone by the Tennessee family that adopted him because of what they said was violent and psychotic behavior . Arthur Lookyanov said the child was in "  a good mood " during the two-hour ride Thursday morning , drawing pictures and playing with his Spiderman toy most of the time . But near the end of the ride , he cried , saying he missed "  Grandma Nancy , " Lookyanov said . It was his adopted grandmother , Nancy Hansen , who bought Justin a one-way ticket on a United Airlines flight from Washington to Moscow and arranged for Lookyanov to meet him there . Lookyanov provided CNN with a copy of his e-mail exchanges with Hansen . "  I am interested in hiring you for a pick-up from DME  Domodedovo Airport  to the office of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation on Monday April 12th , " Hansen initially wrote to Lookyanov , according to the e-mails . Lookyanov responded with an extensive e-mail that included references for his work as a professional driver for foreign visitors . His fee would be $ 120 , he said . When Hansen later sent an e-mail to say she had booked a flight that would arrive on Thursday morning , she gave no hint that the passenger would be a child , Lookyanov said . "  I had not big plans so I can meet you at Domodedovo , " Lookyanov wrote back to her . "  Where are you going to stay in Moscow ? " It was not until Wednesday that Hansen told him his passenger would be a young boy who would be escorted through the airport by an airline employee carrying an envelope with two envelopes inside it , according to the e-mails . "  One is an envelope for the Ministry of Education , Tverskaya Street , 11 , Moscow , " Hansen wrote . "  The other envelope will be addressed to you . Inside will be your payment in US Dollars . " Hansen instructed the driver to take the child inside the ministry and give the envelope to the receptionist . When Lookyanov and the boy arrived at the ministry , he knew something was "  terribly wrong " when he realized that no one was expecting him . When several women came down to investigate why he was there , they opened the envelope intended for the ministry . "  I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself I no longer wish to parent this child , " wrote Torry Hansen , the adoptive mother . An angry phone call to the United States followed , with Lookyanov talking to Nancy Hansen first , complaining that he had been deceived , he said . Although the driver 's duty was completed , he said , he stayed with the boy throughout the day as they waited for juvenile authorities to pick him up . While they waited , Justin used his pencils to draw "  a beautiful house " with only one small door . He also drew another boy who he said was Logan , his 10-year-old friend , according to Lookyanov . At the end of the day , just before the boy was taken to a special hospital , he gave his driver two gifts . He handed him the United Airline wings he was given on the plane and a picture he had drawn while waiting at the ministry . Lookyanov said the experience has left him sad and depressed . But the most difficult thing , he said , has been the negative comments made in the Russian media reports , some suggesting that he is partly to blame for the boy 's plight . He said he wanted people to know that he had no idea his passenger was an adopted child being returned to Russia . The incident sparked outrage in Russia and the United States and threatens to bring a halt to adoptions between the two countries . Top officials from the U.S. State Department plan to travel to Moscow this week to push Russia to allow adoptions by U.S. families to continue . "  We were certainly shocked , as was everybody , about the return of the child , " said Michael D. Kirby , principal deputy assistant for U.S. consular affairs . "  We are hoping to work with the Russians to continue the adoptions of children . " Nancy Hansen said Friday that the boy "  had a hit list of people he wanted to hurt . " No. 1 on that list : his American mom , Nancy Hansen said . The last straw , the adoptive grandmother said , came last week when the family caught the boy trying to start a fire in the home . A Russian psychologist who visited the boy Friday in a hospital in Moscow , where he was under evaluation to check his health , described him as "  very friendly " and communicative . Galina Semya said she saw no aftereffects of psychological trauma , but "  he does n't quite understand why he 's here . " When children are adopted abroad , there are normally several stages of adaptation , including one involving cultural shock , in which children can start behaving aggressively , she said . Normally , children get over the stage after several months , she said . In Bedford County , Tennessee , where Hansen lives , a criminal investigation is under way , though authorities said they do n't know whether any laws were broken in the case . Sheriff Randall Boyce said authorities are still trying to work out a meeting with Hansen and her mother . State Department officials told him they are not aware of any federal laws broken either , Boyce said , adding that officials in Bedford County are trying to unseal the boy 's adoption records to research the adoption . Chuck Crawford , attorney general for the district , said officials have not determined whether the case constitutes child abandonment , but if there was , it took place at the airport in Washington , where the boy boarded the plane . Torry Hansen did not respond to requests for comment .	American family sent adopted boy back to Russia , claiming violent behavior
CNN  -- The driver hired to deliver an adopted Russian boy from the Moscow airport to the Russian education ministry last week said he was "  shocked like a crazy man " when he realized what was happening . Seven-year-old Justin Artyem was sent back to Russia alone by the Tennessee family that adopted him because of what they said was violent and psychotic behavior . Arthur Lookyanov said the child was in "  a good mood " during the two-hour ride Thursday morning , drawing pictures and playing with his Spiderman toy most of the time . But near the end of the ride , he cried , saying he missed "  Grandma Nancy , " Lookyanov said . It was his adopted grandmother , Nancy Hansen , who bought Justin a one-way ticket on a United Airlines flight from Washington to Moscow and arranged for Lookyanov to meet him there . Lookyanov provided CNN with a copy of his e-mail exchanges with Hansen . "  I am interested in hiring you for a pick-up from DME  Domodedovo Airport  to the office of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation on Monday April 12th , " Hansen initially wrote to Lookyanov , according to the e-mails . Lookyanov responded with an extensive e-mail that included references for his work as a professional driver for foreign visitors . His fee would be $ 120 , he said . When Hansen later sent an e-mail to say she had booked a flight that would arrive on Thursday morning , she gave no hint that the passenger would be a child , Lookyanov said . "  I had not big plans so I can meet you at Domodedovo , " Lookyanov wrote back to her . "  Where are you going to stay in Moscow ? " It was not until Wednesday that Hansen told him his passenger would be a young boy who would be escorted through the airport by an airline employee carrying an envelope with two envelopes inside it , according to the e-mails . "  One is an envelope for the Ministry of Education , Tverskaya Street , 11 , Moscow , " Hansen wrote . "  The other envelope will be addressed to you . Inside will be your payment in US Dollars . " Hansen instructed the driver to take the child inside the ministry and give the envelope to the receptionist . When Lookyanov and the boy arrived at the ministry , he knew something was "  terribly wrong " when he realized that no one was expecting him . When several women came down to investigate why he was there , they opened the envelope intended for the ministry . "  I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself I no longer wish to parent this child , " wrote Torry Hansen , the adoptive mother . An angry phone call to the United States followed , with Lookyanov talking to Nancy Hansen first , complaining that he had been deceived , he said . Although the driver 's duty was completed , he said , he stayed with the boy throughout the day as they waited for juvenile authorities to pick him up . While they waited , Justin used his pencils to draw "  a beautiful house " with only one small door . He also drew another boy who he said was Logan , his 10-year-old friend , according to Lookyanov . At the end of the day , just before the boy was taken to a special hospital , he gave his driver two gifts . He handed him the United Airline wings he was given on the plane and a picture he had drawn while waiting at the ministry . Lookyanov said the experience has left him sad and depressed . But the most difficult thing , he said , has been the negative comments made in the Russian media reports , some suggesting that he is partly to blame for the boy 's plight . He said he wanted people to know that he had no idea his passenger was an adopted child being returned to Russia . The incident sparked outrage in Russia and the United States and threatens to bring a halt to adoptions between the two countries . Top officials from the U.S. State Department plan to travel to Moscow this week to push Russia to allow adoptions by U.S. families to continue . "  We were certainly shocked , as was everybody , about the return of the child , " said Michael D. Kirby , principal deputy assistant for U.S. consular affairs . "  We are hoping to work with the Russians to continue the adoptions of children . " Nancy Hansen said Friday that the boy "  had a hit list of people he wanted to hurt . " No. 1 on that list : his American mom , Nancy Hansen said . The last straw , the adoptive grandmother said , came last week when the family caught the boy trying to start a fire in the home . A Russian psychologist who visited the boy Friday in a hospital in Moscow , where he was under evaluation to check his health , described him as "  very friendly " and communicative . Galina Semya said she saw no aftereffects of psychological trauma , but "  he does n't quite understand why he 's here . " When children are adopted abroad , there are normally several stages of adaptation , including one involving cultural shock , in which children can start behaving aggressively , she said . Normally , children get over the stage after several months , she said . In Bedford County , Tennessee , where Hansen lives , a criminal investigation is under way , though authorities said they do n't know whether any laws were broken in the case . Sheriff Randall Boyce said authorities are still trying to work out a meeting with Hansen and her mother . State Department officials told him they are not aware of any federal laws broken either , Boyce said , adding that officials in Bedford County are trying to unseal the boy 's adoption records to research the adoption . Chuck Crawford , attorney general for the district , said officials have not determined whether the case constitutes child abandonment , but if there was , it took place at the airport in Washington , where the boy boarded the plane . Torry Hansen did not respond to requests for comment .	Man says he was hired to pick up 7-year-old , who had flown from Washington alone
CNN  -- The driver hired to deliver an adopted Russian boy from the Moscow airport to the Russian education ministry last week said he was "  shocked like a crazy man " when he realized what was happening . Seven-year-old Justin Artyem was sent back to Russia alone by the Tennessee family that adopted him because of what they said was violent and psychotic behavior . Arthur Lookyanov said the child was in "  a good mood " during the two-hour ride Thursday morning , drawing pictures and playing with his Spiderman toy most of the time . But near the end of the ride , he cried , saying he missed "  Grandma Nancy , " Lookyanov said . It was his adopted grandmother , Nancy Hansen , who bought Justin a one-way ticket on a United Airlines flight from Washington to Moscow and arranged for Lookyanov to meet him there . Lookyanov provided CNN with a copy of his e-mail exchanges with Hansen . "  I am interested in hiring you for a pick-up from DME  Domodedovo Airport  to the office of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation on Monday April 12th , " Hansen initially wrote to Lookyanov , according to the e-mails . Lookyanov responded with an extensive e-mail that included references for his work as a professional driver for foreign visitors . His fee would be $ 120 , he said . When Hansen later sent an e-mail to say she had booked a flight that would arrive on Thursday morning , she gave no hint that the passenger would be a child , Lookyanov said . "  I had not big plans so I can meet you at Domodedovo , " Lookyanov wrote back to her . "  Where are you going to stay in Moscow ? " It was not until Wednesday that Hansen told him his passenger would be a young boy who would be escorted through the airport by an airline employee carrying an envelope with two envelopes inside it , according to the e-mails . "  One is an envelope for the Ministry of Education , Tverskaya Street , 11 , Moscow , " Hansen wrote . "  The other envelope will be addressed to you . Inside will be your payment in US Dollars . " Hansen instructed the driver to take the child inside the ministry and give the envelope to the receptionist . When Lookyanov and the boy arrived at the ministry , he knew something was "  terribly wrong " when he realized that no one was expecting him . When several women came down to investigate why he was there , they opened the envelope intended for the ministry . "  I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself I no longer wish to parent this child , " wrote Torry Hansen , the adoptive mother . An angry phone call to the United States followed , with Lookyanov talking to Nancy Hansen first , complaining that he had been deceived , he said . Although the driver 's duty was completed , he said , he stayed with the boy throughout the day as they waited for juvenile authorities to pick him up . While they waited , Justin used his pencils to draw "  a beautiful house " with only one small door . He also drew another boy who he said was Logan , his 10-year-old friend , according to Lookyanov . At the end of the day , just before the boy was taken to a special hospital , he gave his driver two gifts . He handed him the United Airline wings he was given on the plane and a picture he had drawn while waiting at the ministry . Lookyanov said the experience has left him sad and depressed . But the most difficult thing , he said , has been the negative comments made in the Russian media reports , some suggesting that he is partly to blame for the boy 's plight . He said he wanted people to know that he had no idea his passenger was an adopted child being returned to Russia . The incident sparked outrage in Russia and the United States and threatens to bring a halt to adoptions between the two countries . Top officials from the U.S. State Department plan to travel to Moscow this week to push Russia to allow adoptions by U.S. families to continue . "  We were certainly shocked , as was everybody , about the return of the child , " said Michael D. Kirby , principal deputy assistant for U.S. consular affairs . "  We are hoping to work with the Russians to continue the adoptions of children . " Nancy Hansen said Friday that the boy "  had a hit list of people he wanted to hurt . " No. 1 on that list : his American mom , Nancy Hansen said . The last straw , the adoptive grandmother said , came last week when the family caught the boy trying to start a fire in the home . A Russian psychologist who visited the boy Friday in a hospital in Moscow , where he was under evaluation to check his health , described him as "  very friendly " and communicative . Galina Semya said she saw no aftereffects of psychological trauma , but "  he does n't quite understand why he 's here . " When children are adopted abroad , there are normally several stages of adaptation , including one involving cultural shock , in which children can start behaving aggressively , she said . Normally , children get over the stage after several months , she said . In Bedford County , Tennessee , where Hansen lives , a criminal investigation is under way , though authorities said they do n't know whether any laws were broken in the case . Sheriff Randall Boyce said authorities are still trying to work out a meeting with Hansen and her mother . State Department officials told him they are not aware of any federal laws broken either , Boyce said , adding that officials in Bedford County are trying to unseal the boy 's adoption records to research the adoption . Chuck Crawford , attorney general for the district , said officials have not determined whether the case constitutes child abandonment , but if there was , it took place at the airport in Washington , where the boy boarded the plane . Torry Hansen did not respond to requests for comment .	No one at Russian ministry was expecting return
CNN  -- The driver hired to deliver an adopted Russian boy from the Moscow airport to the Russian education ministry last week said he was "  shocked like a crazy man " when he realized what was happening . Seven-year-old Justin Artyem was sent back to Russia alone by the Tennessee family that adopted him because of what they said was violent and psychotic behavior . Arthur Lookyanov said the child was in "  a good mood " during the two-hour ride Thursday morning , drawing pictures and playing with his Spiderman toy most of the time . But near the end of the ride , he cried , saying he missed "  Grandma Nancy , " Lookyanov said . It was his adopted grandmother , Nancy Hansen , who bought Justin a one-way ticket on a United Airlines flight from Washington to Moscow and arranged for Lookyanov to meet him there . Lookyanov provided CNN with a copy of his e-mail exchanges with Hansen . "  I am interested in hiring you for a pick-up from DME  Domodedovo Airport  to the office of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation on Monday April 12th , " Hansen initially wrote to Lookyanov , according to the e-mails . Lookyanov responded with an extensive e-mail that included references for his work as a professional driver for foreign visitors . His fee would be $ 120 , he said . When Hansen later sent an e-mail to say she had booked a flight that would arrive on Thursday morning , she gave no hint that the passenger would be a child , Lookyanov said . "  I had not big plans so I can meet you at Domodedovo , " Lookyanov wrote back to her . "  Where are you going to stay in Moscow ? " It was not until Wednesday that Hansen told him his passenger would be a young boy who would be escorted through the airport by an airline employee carrying an envelope with two envelopes inside it , according to the e-mails . "  One is an envelope for the Ministry of Education , Tverskaya Street , 11 , Moscow , " Hansen wrote . "  The other envelope will be addressed to you . Inside will be your payment in US Dollars . " Hansen instructed the driver to take the child inside the ministry and give the envelope to the receptionist . When Lookyanov and the boy arrived at the ministry , he knew something was "  terribly wrong " when he realized that no one was expecting him . When several women came down to investigate why he was there , they opened the envelope intended for the ministry . "  I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself I no longer wish to parent this child , " wrote Torry Hansen , the adoptive mother . An angry phone call to the United States followed , with Lookyanov talking to Nancy Hansen first , complaining that he had been deceived , he said . Although the driver 's duty was completed , he said , he stayed with the boy throughout the day as they waited for juvenile authorities to pick him up . While they waited , Justin used his pencils to draw "  a beautiful house " with only one small door . He also drew another boy who he said was Logan , his 10-year-old friend , according to Lookyanov . At the end of the day , just before the boy was taken to a special hospital , he gave his driver two gifts . He handed him the United Airline wings he was given on the plane and a picture he had drawn while waiting at the ministry . Lookyanov said the experience has left him sad and depressed . But the most difficult thing , he said , has been the negative comments made in the Russian media reports , some suggesting that he is partly to blame for the boy 's plight . He said he wanted people to know that he had no idea his passenger was an adopted child being returned to Russia . The incident sparked outrage in Russia and the United States and threatens to bring a halt to adoptions between the two countries . Top officials from the U.S. State Department plan to travel to Moscow this week to push Russia to allow adoptions by U.S. families to continue . "  We were certainly shocked , as was everybody , about the return of the child , " said Michael D. Kirby , principal deputy assistant for U.S. consular affairs . "  We are hoping to work with the Russians to continue the adoptions of children . " Nancy Hansen said Friday that the boy "  had a hit list of people he wanted to hurt . " No. 1 on that list : his American mom , Nancy Hansen said . The last straw , the adoptive grandmother said , came last week when the family caught the boy trying to start a fire in the home . A Russian psychologist who visited the boy Friday in a hospital in Moscow , where he was under evaluation to check his health , described him as "  very friendly " and communicative . Galina Semya said she saw no aftereffects of psychological trauma , but "  he does n't quite understand why he 's here . " When children are adopted abroad , there are normally several stages of adaptation , including one involving cultural shock , in which children can start behaving aggressively , she said . Normally , children get over the stage after several months , she said . In Bedford County , Tennessee , where Hansen lives , a criminal investigation is under way , though authorities said they do n't know whether any laws were broken in the case . Sheriff Randall Boyce said authorities are still trying to work out a meeting with Hansen and her mother . State Department officials told him they are not aware of any federal laws broken either , Boyce said , adding that officials in Bedford County are trying to unseal the boy 's adoption records to research the adoption . Chuck Crawford , attorney general for the district , said officials have not determined whether the case constitutes child abandonment , but if there was , it took place at the airport in Washington , where the boy boarded the plane . Torry Hansen did not respond to requests for comment .	Boy gave him airline wings , hand-drawn picture before being taken away
CNN  -- Liverpool want to avoid playing on the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and UEFA president Michel Platini says he will "  do his utmost " to make it a reality . Liverpool fans had to be treated on the pitch as the tragedy unfolded at Hillsborough in 1989 . The anniversary falls on April 15 , one of two dates set aside for the second leg of this season 's Champions League quarterfinal ties , the other being the previous day . European governing body UEFA issued a statement from Platini , rejecting reports that they had snubbed the appeal by Liverpool . "  We are aware of the huge significance of the April 15 date for both Liverpool FC and their fans , and that is why we will do our utmost to make sure that the club does not have to play its UEFA Champions League second leg quarterfinal match on that day , " Platini said . "  This being the 20th anniversary of that tragic disaster in 1989 makes it even more relevant and we will take this into account . " Ninety six people died when Liverpool supporters were crushed at the Leppings Lane end of Hillsborough on April 15 , 1989 , before the start of their team 's FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest . A cousin of Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was among the dead , and the England midfielder has urged UEFA to be sympathetic to the club . Gerrard told Press Association at the weekend : "  We 're still waiting to see whether UEFA will make us play on the day . That would be far from ideal given all the emotion that always surrounds the club on that day . " Liverpool have never played a game on the anniversary of the tragedy . The Champions League quarterfinal draw takes place on Friday with four English clubs in the draw and no seedings in place . Liverpool reached the quarterfinals with a superb 4-0 home win over Real Madrid last week and followed it up with a 4-1 thumping of Manchester United to revive their Premier League title hopes .	Liverpool anxious to avoid playing on 20th anniversary of Hillsborough tragedy
CNN  -- Liverpool want to avoid playing on the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and UEFA president Michel Platini says he will "  do his utmost " to make it a reality . Liverpool fans had to be treated on the pitch as the tragedy unfolded at Hillsborough in 1989 . The anniversary falls on April 15 , one of two dates set aside for the second leg of this season 's Champions League quarterfinal ties , the other being the previous day . European governing body UEFA issued a statement from Platini , rejecting reports that they had snubbed the appeal by Liverpool . "  We are aware of the huge significance of the April 15 date for both Liverpool FC and their fans , and that is why we will do our utmost to make sure that the club does not have to play its UEFA Champions League second leg quarterfinal match on that day , " Platini said . "  This being the 20th anniversary of that tragic disaster in 1989 makes it even more relevant and we will take this into account . " Ninety six people died when Liverpool supporters were crushed at the Leppings Lane end of Hillsborough on April 15 , 1989 , before the start of their team 's FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest . A cousin of Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was among the dead , and the England midfielder has urged UEFA to be sympathetic to the club . Gerrard told Press Association at the weekend : "  We 're still waiting to see whether UEFA will make us play on the day . That would be far from ideal given all the emotion that always surrounds the club on that day . " Liverpool have never played a game on the anniversary of the tragedy . The Champions League quarterfinal draw takes place on Friday with four English clubs in the draw and no seedings in place . Liverpool reached the quarterfinals with a superb 4-0 home win over Real Madrid last week and followed it up with a 4-1 thumping of Manchester United to revive their Premier League title hopes .	April 15 is one of the two dates nominated for Champions League quarterfinals
CNN  -- Liverpool want to avoid playing on the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and UEFA president Michel Platini says he will "  do his utmost " to make it a reality . Liverpool fans had to be treated on the pitch as the tragedy unfolded at Hillsborough in 1989 . The anniversary falls on April 15 , one of two dates set aside for the second leg of this season 's Champions League quarterfinal ties , the other being the previous day . European governing body UEFA issued a statement from Platini , rejecting reports that they had snubbed the appeal by Liverpool . "  We are aware of the huge significance of the April 15 date for both Liverpool FC and their fans , and that is why we will do our utmost to make sure that the club does not have to play its UEFA Champions League second leg quarterfinal match on that day , " Platini said . "  This being the 20th anniversary of that tragic disaster in 1989 makes it even more relevant and we will take this into account . " Ninety six people died when Liverpool supporters were crushed at the Leppings Lane end of Hillsborough on April 15 , 1989 , before the start of their team 's FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest . A cousin of Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was among the dead , and the England midfielder has urged UEFA to be sympathetic to the club . Gerrard told Press Association at the weekend : "  We 're still waiting to see whether UEFA will make us play on the day . That would be far from ideal given all the emotion that always surrounds the club on that day . " Liverpool have never played a game on the anniversary of the tragedy . The Champions League quarterfinal draw takes place on Friday with four English clubs in the draw and no seedings in place . Liverpool reached the quarterfinals with a superb 4-0 home win over Real Madrid last week and followed it up with a 4-1 thumping of Manchester United to revive their Premier League title hopes .	UEFA president Michel Platini personally intervenes to ensure date stays free
CNN  -- Human Rights Watch on Thursday issued a first-person account of the incarceration and torture in Bangladesh of one of its consultants -- an outspoken human rights advocate , journalist and blogger . Tasneem Khalil holds his baby in an undated family photo . "  The Torture of Tasneem Khalil : How the Bangladesh Military Abuses Its Power Under the State of Emergency , " recounts Khalil 's 22-hour incarceration last May in the southern Asian country . Khalil was blindfolded and taken at gunpoint from his home in front of his wife and infant child , according to the account . He was beaten and threatened during the ordeal , retold in the 39-page report . Human Rights Watch says the report "  highlights abuses under the country 's state of emergency and the interim government 's failure to restrain the security forces . " "  I have a moral responsibility to tell this story , " said Khalil , who has done free-lance reporting for news organizations including CNN . "  I 'm going to tell my story again and again and again , " Khalil told CNN . "  It 's not only my story . " Khalil is one of tens of thousands of people , the report says , who have been detained by security forces after a government with a "  reform agenda " came to power in January 2007 . It says Khalil was punished for criticizing "  the security forces ' role in extrajudicial killings , torture , arbitrary arrests , and other abuses . " He described being taken to a small room that resembled a "  torture cell " and being severely beaten . Then his interrogators took off his blindfold to have him write a "  confession " of his crimes . "  I was sitting in front of a table and three batons were on the table along with some stationery . One was a wooden baton , about a meter long . The other two were covered with black plastic . Poking out of the end of these two were metal wires , " Khalil recounted . "  I 'm not sure if they used electricity on me . The pain often came like shocks , but they were hitting me so hard that I 'm not sure whether it was just the force that hurt like this or if it was electricity . " Khalil is now a consultant for Human Rights Watch in Sweden , which gave him and his family asylum after the ordeal . "  Rampant illegal detention and torture are clear evidence of Bangladesh 's security forces running amok , " said Brad Adams , the Asia director of Human Rights Watch who was quoted in a news release about the report . "  Tasneem Khalil 's prominence as a critical journalist may have prompted his arrest , but it also may have saved his life . Ordinary Bangladeshis held by the security forces under the emergency rules have no such protections . " Khalil was freed "  after tremendous international and national pressure , " the group said . Human Rights Watch is calling for the government in Bangladesh "  to make the protection of human rights as much of a priority as its fight against corruption . " "  While few would dispute that corruption , organized crime , politicization of the bureaucracy and political violence had to be addressed in Bangladesh , the interim government must realize that reform can not be built on midnight knocks on the door and torture , " said Adams . "  A peaceful democratic society requires respect for basic rights . " Adams said there have been "  no serious attempts " to hold people accountable for torture and arbitrary detentions . It urged the international community to persuade the government to deal with these matters . "  The security forces have been arbitrarily detaining and torturing people , but there have been no serious attempts at holding those responsible for these criminal acts to account , " said Adams . "  Why has n't the government made the protection of Bangladeshis from this scourge a priority ? Are they reformers , or do they just say they are reformers ? " Bangladesh government officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Khalil , contacted in Sweden by CNN , said he wants justice for himself and the many others who have gone through the same ordeal . "  I absolutely want to see the people responsible for my torture and for my detention tried in a court of law in a transparent way . I want justice , " he said . At the same time , he said , "  I am fully aware this is not going to happen " at this time , given the mindset of the government . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Journalist and rights activist Tasneem Khalil tells of beatings in Bangladesh
CNN  -- Human Rights Watch on Thursday issued a first-person account of the incarceration and torture in Bangladesh of one of its consultants -- an outspoken human rights advocate , journalist and blogger . Tasneem Khalil holds his baby in an undated family photo . "  The Torture of Tasneem Khalil : How the Bangladesh Military Abuses Its Power Under the State of Emergency , " recounts Khalil 's 22-hour incarceration last May in the southern Asian country . Khalil was blindfolded and taken at gunpoint from his home in front of his wife and infant child , according to the account . He was beaten and threatened during the ordeal , retold in the 39-page report . Human Rights Watch says the report "  highlights abuses under the country 's state of emergency and the interim government 's failure to restrain the security forces . " "  I have a moral responsibility to tell this story , " said Khalil , who has done free-lance reporting for news organizations including CNN . "  I 'm going to tell my story again and again and again , " Khalil told CNN . "  It 's not only my story . " Khalil is one of tens of thousands of people , the report says , who have been detained by security forces after a government with a "  reform agenda " came to power in January 2007 . It says Khalil was punished for criticizing "  the security forces ' role in extrajudicial killings , torture , arbitrary arrests , and other abuses . " He described being taken to a small room that resembled a "  torture cell " and being severely beaten . Then his interrogators took off his blindfold to have him write a "  confession " of his crimes . "  I was sitting in front of a table and three batons were on the table along with some stationery . One was a wooden baton , about a meter long . The other two were covered with black plastic . Poking out of the end of these two were metal wires , " Khalil recounted . "  I 'm not sure if they used electricity on me . The pain often came like shocks , but they were hitting me so hard that I 'm not sure whether it was just the force that hurt like this or if it was electricity . " Khalil is now a consultant for Human Rights Watch in Sweden , which gave him and his family asylum after the ordeal . "  Rampant illegal detention and torture are clear evidence of Bangladesh 's security forces running amok , " said Brad Adams , the Asia director of Human Rights Watch who was quoted in a news release about the report . "  Tasneem Khalil 's prominence as a critical journalist may have prompted his arrest , but it also may have saved his life . Ordinary Bangladeshis held by the security forces under the emergency rules have no such protections . " Khalil was freed "  after tremendous international and national pressure , " the group said . Human Rights Watch is calling for the government in Bangladesh "  to make the protection of human rights as much of a priority as its fight against corruption . " "  While few would dispute that corruption , organized crime , politicization of the bureaucracy and political violence had to be addressed in Bangladesh , the interim government must realize that reform can not be built on midnight knocks on the door and torture , " said Adams . "  A peaceful democratic society requires respect for basic rights . " Adams said there have been "  no serious attempts " to hold people accountable for torture and arbitrary detentions . It urged the international community to persuade the government to deal with these matters . "  The security forces have been arbitrarily detaining and torturing people , but there have been no serious attempts at holding those responsible for these criminal acts to account , " said Adams . "  Why has n't the government made the protection of Bangladeshis from this scourge a priority ? Are they reformers , or do they just say they are reformers ? " Bangladesh government officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Khalil , contacted in Sweden by CNN , said he wants justice for himself and the many others who have gone through the same ordeal . "  I absolutely want to see the people responsible for my torture and for my detention tried in a court of law in a transparent way . I want justice , " he said . At the same time , he said , "  I am fully aware this is not going to happen " at this time , given the mindset of the government . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Khalil : The pain often came like shocks , they were beating me so hard
CNN  -- Human Rights Watch on Thursday issued a first-person account of the incarceration and torture in Bangladesh of one of its consultants -- an outspoken human rights advocate , journalist and blogger . Tasneem Khalil holds his baby in an undated family photo . "  The Torture of Tasneem Khalil : How the Bangladesh Military Abuses Its Power Under the State of Emergency , " recounts Khalil 's 22-hour incarceration last May in the southern Asian country . Khalil was blindfolded and taken at gunpoint from his home in front of his wife and infant child , according to the account . He was beaten and threatened during the ordeal , retold in the 39-page report . Human Rights Watch says the report "  highlights abuses under the country 's state of emergency and the interim government 's failure to restrain the security forces . " "  I have a moral responsibility to tell this story , " said Khalil , who has done free-lance reporting for news organizations including CNN . "  I 'm going to tell my story again and again and again , " Khalil told CNN . "  It 's not only my story . " Khalil is one of tens of thousands of people , the report says , who have been detained by security forces after a government with a "  reform agenda " came to power in January 2007 . It says Khalil was punished for criticizing "  the security forces ' role in extrajudicial killings , torture , arbitrary arrests , and other abuses . " He described being taken to a small room that resembled a "  torture cell " and being severely beaten . Then his interrogators took off his blindfold to have him write a "  confession " of his crimes . "  I was sitting in front of a table and three batons were on the table along with some stationery . One was a wooden baton , about a meter long . The other two were covered with black plastic . Poking out of the end of these two were metal wires , " Khalil recounted . "  I 'm not sure if they used electricity on me . The pain often came like shocks , but they were hitting me so hard that I 'm not sure whether it was just the force that hurt like this or if it was electricity . " Khalil is now a consultant for Human Rights Watch in Sweden , which gave him and his family asylum after the ordeal . "  Rampant illegal detention and torture are clear evidence of Bangladesh 's security forces running amok , " said Brad Adams , the Asia director of Human Rights Watch who was quoted in a news release about the report . "  Tasneem Khalil 's prominence as a critical journalist may have prompted his arrest , but it also may have saved his life . Ordinary Bangladeshis held by the security forces under the emergency rules have no such protections . " Khalil was freed "  after tremendous international and national pressure , " the group said . Human Rights Watch is calling for the government in Bangladesh "  to make the protection of human rights as much of a priority as its fight against corruption . " "  While few would dispute that corruption , organized crime , politicization of the bureaucracy and political violence had to be addressed in Bangladesh , the interim government must realize that reform can not be built on midnight knocks on the door and torture , " said Adams . "  A peaceful democratic society requires respect for basic rights . " Adams said there have been "  no serious attempts " to hold people accountable for torture and arbitrary detentions . It urged the international community to persuade the government to deal with these matters . "  The security forces have been arbitrarily detaining and torturing people , but there have been no serious attempts at holding those responsible for these criminal acts to account , " said Adams . "  Why has n't the government made the protection of Bangladeshis from this scourge a priority ? Are they reformers , or do they just say they are reformers ? " Bangladesh government officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Khalil , contacted in Sweden by CNN , said he wants justice for himself and the many others who have gone through the same ordeal . "  I absolutely want to see the people responsible for my torture and for my detention tried in a court of law in a transparent way . I want justice , " he said . At the same time , he said , "  I am fully aware this is not going to happen " at this time , given the mindset of the government . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Rights group says tens of thousands of people detained in 2007
CNN  -- As a musician and social justice activist , online social media has helped Maria Isa sell more CDs and mobilize the growing number of Latinos in her home city of Minneapolis . Isa was n't surprised that a study published this summer said Hispanics are among the most active social media users . "  Social media is about accessibility for me , " Isa said . "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button on my cell . I 'm able to expand my message of social justice in the Latino community and also my work and the works of others who network with me . " There 's a growing online audience of people of color . Latinos and African Americans are more than twice as likely to use Twitter as white non-Hispanics , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Much of the reason ? Cell phones . Nearly 90 % of English speaking Hispanics use mobile devices . But New York Daily News columnist and author Juan Gonzalez said it 's an extension of Latino culture . "  I think there 's always been a tradition in the Latino culture , a tradition of word spreading news and information , gossip , word of mouth spreading , from family members to friends , neighbors of the same town or whatever , " Gonzalez said . The growing number of Latinos using social media is a reflection of broader demographic change in the United States . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that America 's young people will become "  minority white " in 2023 , and by 2042 , the same will be true for adults . "  The youth population in America already looks like America will look in a few years . The youth have a stronger identity in their role and purpose , " Gonzalez said . "  They 're already acting out their new role in the country , even before they get to be adults . They 're already creating the new America through their involvement in social media . " Map how the United States is changing Gonzalez , who wrote about the Latino immigrant experience in "  Harvest of Empire : A History of Latinos in America , " said the success Latinas have online reflects their immigrant experiences . "  Generally speaking , Latina women tend to be more into sharing experiences , and good communicators , " Gonzalez said . "  I think this is representative of social media and what it represents . It 's basically a community talking to each other , spreading bits of information here and there . " Isa was born to Puerto Rican parents in Minneapolis . In her home , it was never a matter of if she was going to college , but where she would go . She chose Columbia College in Chicago , where she focused on social justice and groomed the message she wanted to convey as a musician . Eventually , she took her message online , using Twitter to promote her upcoming shows and projects . She noticed more people at her shows , sold more CDs and generated more traffic to her MySpace music page . In 2010 , she was honored by the National Hispana Leadership Institute and a local Univision affiliate . But things really took off when she discovered Latism -- Latinos in Social Media -- a group of like-minded "  gente " online . With Latism , she found a whole new community of people who would n't otherwise notice her work , she said . She was able to educate a larger audience online about what it means to be a Puerto Rican living in the Midwest . The online discussion helped prepare her to better educate her real-life community . Latism was founded in 2009 by Ana Roca-Castro , the chief executive of Premier Social Media . The group started with a simple tweet : "  Where are all my Latinos ? " More than 300 people responded . Now , the organization has grown to more than 140,000 members . "  What happened before , when all these online and social media things started , many people in our community felt like they were sending their thoughts into thin air , " said Elianne Ramos , the head of communications for the Washington-based organization . "  Through Latism , we give people a place to voice their opinions and talk about the issues that matter to them . A lot of the conversations we have online become initiatives . Our mission is civic empowerment and education . " Every two weeks , the organization is part of a group of 150 Hispanic community leaders on a White House conference call that gives guidance on how to handle issues in the Latino community , Ramos said . "  They explain to us what their plan is , with things like the jobs proposal or Hispanic Heritage Month , and then they take suggestions from us , " Ramos said . "  You can really say what you think and they really listen . And we always remember the community and keep the community in mind . " Isa said the high numbers of Latinos participating in social media has shown that the communities ' issues and passions are more diverse than many realize . "  We keep talking about the Latino community not being monolithic , and it 's not , " Isa said . "  What we 're seeing is that Latinos are beginning to embrace every aspect of what being a Latino is . " "  I 'm here to reflect the movement that has raised me and continues to happen now . Social media is the number one thing helping me lead that change . "	Study : Latino and black people more likely to use Twitter than non-Hispanic whites
CNN  -- As a musician and social justice activist , online social media has helped Maria Isa sell more CDs and mobilize the growing number of Latinos in her home city of Minneapolis . Isa was n't surprised that a study published this summer said Hispanics are among the most active social media users . "  Social media is about accessibility for me , " Isa said . "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button on my cell . I 'm able to expand my message of social justice in the Latino community and also my work and the works of others who network with me . " There 's a growing online audience of people of color . Latinos and African Americans are more than twice as likely to use Twitter as white non-Hispanics , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Much of the reason ? Cell phones . Nearly 90 % of English speaking Hispanics use mobile devices . But New York Daily News columnist and author Juan Gonzalez said it 's an extension of Latino culture . "  I think there 's always been a tradition in the Latino culture , a tradition of word spreading news and information , gossip , word of mouth spreading , from family members to friends , neighbors of the same town or whatever , " Gonzalez said . The growing number of Latinos using social media is a reflection of broader demographic change in the United States . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that America 's young people will become "  minority white " in 2023 , and by 2042 , the same will be true for adults . "  The youth population in America already looks like America will look in a few years . The youth have a stronger identity in their role and purpose , " Gonzalez said . "  They 're already acting out their new role in the country , even before they get to be adults . They 're already creating the new America through their involvement in social media . " Map how the United States is changing Gonzalez , who wrote about the Latino immigrant experience in "  Harvest of Empire : A History of Latinos in America , " said the success Latinas have online reflects their immigrant experiences . "  Generally speaking , Latina women tend to be more into sharing experiences , and good communicators , " Gonzalez said . "  I think this is representative of social media and what it represents . It 's basically a community talking to each other , spreading bits of information here and there . " Isa was born to Puerto Rican parents in Minneapolis . In her home , it was never a matter of if she was going to college , but where she would go . She chose Columbia College in Chicago , where she focused on social justice and groomed the message she wanted to convey as a musician . Eventually , she took her message online , using Twitter to promote her upcoming shows and projects . She noticed more people at her shows , sold more CDs and generated more traffic to her MySpace music page . In 2010 , she was honored by the National Hispana Leadership Institute and a local Univision affiliate . But things really took off when she discovered Latism -- Latinos in Social Media -- a group of like-minded "  gente " online . With Latism , she found a whole new community of people who would n't otherwise notice her work , she said . She was able to educate a larger audience online about what it means to be a Puerto Rican living in the Midwest . The online discussion helped prepare her to better educate her real-life community . Latism was founded in 2009 by Ana Roca-Castro , the chief executive of Premier Social Media . The group started with a simple tweet : "  Where are all my Latinos ? " More than 300 people responded . Now , the organization has grown to more than 140,000 members . "  What happened before , when all these online and social media things started , many people in our community felt like they were sending their thoughts into thin air , " said Elianne Ramos , the head of communications for the Washington-based organization . "  Through Latism , we give people a place to voice their opinions and talk about the issues that matter to them . A lot of the conversations we have online become initiatives . Our mission is civic empowerment and education . " Every two weeks , the organization is part of a group of 150 Hispanic community leaders on a White House conference call that gives guidance on how to handle issues in the Latino community , Ramos said . "  They explain to us what their plan is , with things like the jobs proposal or Hispanic Heritage Month , and then they take suggestions from us , " Ramos said . "  You can really say what you think and they really listen . And we always remember the community and keep the community in mind . " Isa said the high numbers of Latinos participating in social media has shown that the communities ' issues and passions are more diverse than many realize . "  We keep talking about the Latino community not being monolithic , and it 's not , " Isa said . "  What we 're seeing is that Latinos are beginning to embrace every aspect of what being a Latino is . " "  I 'm here to reflect the movement that has raised me and continues to happen now . Social media is the number one thing helping me lead that change . "	Latism are harnessing the power of the large Latino social networking community
CNN  -- As a musician and social justice activist , online social media has helped Maria Isa sell more CDs and mobilize the growing number of Latinos in her home city of Minneapolis . Isa was n't surprised that a study published this summer said Hispanics are among the most active social media users . "  Social media is about accessibility for me , " Isa said . "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button on my cell . I 'm able to expand my message of social justice in the Latino community and also my work and the works of others who network with me . " There 's a growing online audience of people of color . Latinos and African Americans are more than twice as likely to use Twitter as white non-Hispanics , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Much of the reason ? Cell phones . Nearly 90 % of English speaking Hispanics use mobile devices . But New York Daily News columnist and author Juan Gonzalez said it 's an extension of Latino culture . "  I think there 's always been a tradition in the Latino culture , a tradition of word spreading news and information , gossip , word of mouth spreading , from family members to friends , neighbors of the same town or whatever , " Gonzalez said . The growing number of Latinos using social media is a reflection of broader demographic change in the United States . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that America 's young people will become "  minority white " in 2023 , and by 2042 , the same will be true for adults . "  The youth population in America already looks like America will look in a few years . The youth have a stronger identity in their role and purpose , " Gonzalez said . "  They 're already acting out their new role in the country , even before they get to be adults . They 're already creating the new America through their involvement in social media . " Map how the United States is changing Gonzalez , who wrote about the Latino immigrant experience in "  Harvest of Empire : A History of Latinos in America , " said the success Latinas have online reflects their immigrant experiences . "  Generally speaking , Latina women tend to be more into sharing experiences , and good communicators , " Gonzalez said . "  I think this is representative of social media and what it represents . It 's basically a community talking to each other , spreading bits of information here and there . " Isa was born to Puerto Rican parents in Minneapolis . In her home , it was never a matter of if she was going to college , but where she would go . She chose Columbia College in Chicago , where she focused on social justice and groomed the message she wanted to convey as a musician . Eventually , she took her message online , using Twitter to promote her upcoming shows and projects . She noticed more people at her shows , sold more CDs and generated more traffic to her MySpace music page . In 2010 , she was honored by the National Hispana Leadership Institute and a local Univision affiliate . But things really took off when she discovered Latism -- Latinos in Social Media -- a group of like-minded "  gente " online . With Latism , she found a whole new community of people who would n't otherwise notice her work , she said . She was able to educate a larger audience online about what it means to be a Puerto Rican living in the Midwest . The online discussion helped prepare her to better educate her real-life community . Latism was founded in 2009 by Ana Roca-Castro , the chief executive of Premier Social Media . The group started with a simple tweet : "  Where are all my Latinos ? " More than 300 people responded . Now , the organization has grown to more than 140,000 members . "  What happened before , when all these online and social media things started , many people in our community felt like they were sending their thoughts into thin air , " said Elianne Ramos , the head of communications for the Washington-based organization . "  Through Latism , we give people a place to voice their opinions and talk about the issues that matter to them . A lot of the conversations we have online become initiatives . Our mission is civic empowerment and education . " Every two weeks , the organization is part of a group of 150 Hispanic community leaders on a White House conference call that gives guidance on how to handle issues in the Latino community , Ramos said . "  They explain to us what their plan is , with things like the jobs proposal or Hispanic Heritage Month , and then they take suggestions from us , " Ramos said . "  You can really say what you think and they really listen . And we always remember the community and keep the community in mind . " Isa said the high numbers of Latinos participating in social media has shown that the communities ' issues and passions are more diverse than many realize . "  We keep talking about the Latino community not being monolithic , and it 's not , " Isa said . "  What we 're seeing is that Latinos are beginning to embrace every aspect of what being a Latino is . " "  I 'm here to reflect the movement that has raised me and continues to happen now . Social media is the number one thing helping me lead that change . "	Latina rapper and activist : "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button "
CNN  -- A dizzying number of trackers are available for health and lifestyle . Enthusiasts can now chart every calorie burned or consumed , have their genetics broken down and backdated for centuries , or follow their stress levels through a family holiday . But while our waking moments become ever more transparent , the one-third of our life spent asleep has remained off limits . Throughout history , dreams have proved resistant to interrogation . It is not known why we sleep at all beyond a general need to recharge and avoid the negative consequences of not sleeping , while an explanation for the substance of dreams has proved even more elusive , still dominated by the theories of wish fulfillment espoused by Freud and Jung . But now , digital innovations are picking up the challenge . The Shadow app seeks to connect users with their dreams , and to make them sociable . Its first function is as an alarm clock that wakes the user gradually over up to 30 minutes , easing them into consciousness so as to preserve more of the dream state , rather than shattering it abruptly . Dream researchers estimate that 95 % of dreams vanish upon awakening . Once the user touches their phone it begins recording and invites them to share the still-fresh memories of the night , prompting them with questions . The input is scanned for keywords and patterns so that the user can build a picture of their experiences over time . More ambitiously , their personal data is anonymized and sent with gender and geographic data to cloud servers in the hope of building a global dream database . In this social network people can compare and discuss their experiences , while trends can be identified and analyzed . "  We want to know what the most popular dream is in Japan , or Cambodia , at a given time " , Shadow founder and CEO Hunter Lee Soik said . "  You can see the dreams from each city organized by keywords and numbers " . Currently on a very limited launch of around 1,000 users , the data gathered is already offering insights . "  Last week the most dreams were recorded in New York City and the most common subject was relationships . It makes sense that as we are social creatures , we are social in our dreams too . " Soik wants his creation to be "  a whole other psychological layer " of quantified technology that people can use in conjunction with their daytime devices for a more complete picture . The science of dreams Scientific rigor is being applied to the project through specialists in psychology , neurology , sleep and behaviorism from leading academic institutions such as Harvard and Berkeley , who will analyze the data and contribute their findings . One study will assess environmental impact on dreams , whether through temperature or war . A similar project is being undertaken by Professor Richard Wiseman of the University of Hertfordshire , a sleep specialist and the UK 's only Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology . But in his case the goal is to actively shape dreams . Wiseman 's Dream : ON app monitors sleeping movement in order to identify the REM stage , the state of deep sleep which is most fertile for dreams and signaled by the cessation of neurotransmitters that control activity such as seratonin , and paralysis of movement but for the eyes . It targets the last and longest of these stages with a range of sound input from "  peaceful garden " to "  zombie attack " . The Professor employed double blind tests and received over a million submissions from users , and noted a significant impact . "  It affected the emotional tone of the dream rather than content " , says Wiseman . "  Pleasant nature sounds resulted in more pleasant dreams than jagged sounds . The more people used it the more effective it is . It 's hit and miss because we 're targeting REM from movement , but after 20 soundscapes they get used to it , they are less likely to be worried or woken up . " There is a therapeutic function , as bad dreams can be an indicator mental health problems . "  You can wake up in a better mood , but also people with depression tend to dream more , and more negatively than non-depressives , which could be counter-acted . " Lucid pilots control trips Wiseman is candid about the limits of his method , but new wearable devices are making far grander claims . The Aurora headband is one of several innovations to smash its crowd-funding goal with the promise of lucid dreams -- consciousness while asleep . Aurora measures sleeping brain activity through EEG reading , and provides physical prompts to the user once they are in the suggestible REM state . While the product is yet to be systematically tested on humans , lucid dreams are a proven phenomenon , with over 50 % of adults believed to have experienced one . Efforts to teach people how to access such dreams have been successful , and even electronically induced in clinical trials . One of the earliest scientists to establish the existence of lucid dreaming , Stephen LaBerge , will soon launch his own wearable tool the NovaDreamer2 , based on decades of research data . The appetite for such innovations is huge , shown in the millions of dollars raised for them in crowdfunding , as well as the thriving online communities that use lucid dreams for anything from thrill-seeking experiment to self-analysis and meditation . "  What 's happening now is a digital dream movement " , says Ryan Hurd , author of ` Dream Like a Boss ' and board member of the International Association for the Study of Dreams  IASD  . "  We can fulfill a lot of potential that has n't been realized as there is a lot more quantifiable data . " Hurd sees vast potential in seeking to influence and participate in dreams , pointing to tests that show athletes can improve performance by practicing in their dreams , artists can improve their creativity , and everyone can gain insights . "  People are becoming aware of how important sleep and dreams are for mood , cognitive performance , physical health , and we are beginning to see them enter the quantified self paradigm , " says Hurd . Neuroimaging shows physical form of dreams Physically identifying dream activity in the brain has seemed hopelessly ambitious but this too is now entering the realm of the possible . Researchers from the ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories in Kyoto , Japan , have been able to interpret EEG waves into simple images with around 70 % accuracy after extensively monitoring the patterns in sleeping brains and learning to recognize them . "  It is hard to identify the neural origin of dreaming , but at least we can now read out part of dream contents from activity patterns in the visual cortex , which is normally active when we see objects and scenes during wakefulness , " says lead researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani . Currently the images are crude , black and white shapes , but Kamitani sees vast potential for improvement and application . "  More aspects of dream contents , such as action , emotion , and narrative structure , will be decoded with more sophisticated experiments and analysis methods . " "  The results may be relevant to learning , memory , or mood . If so , the interpretation may serve as a marker for cognitive capacity and mental health ... It will be helpful to study the effect of particular dream contents on subsequent waking experience . " The tantalizing prospect of laying bare our unconscious mind has never been closer . But the more we can shape and monitor our dreams , the main issue could become just how well we want to know ourselves . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	Shadow app seeks to connect users with their dreams
CNN  -- A dizzying number of trackers are available for health and lifestyle . Enthusiasts can now chart every calorie burned or consumed , have their genetics broken down and backdated for centuries , or follow their stress levels through a family holiday . But while our waking moments become ever more transparent , the one-third of our life spent asleep has remained off limits . Throughout history , dreams have proved resistant to interrogation . It is not known why we sleep at all beyond a general need to recharge and avoid the negative consequences of not sleeping , while an explanation for the substance of dreams has proved even more elusive , still dominated by the theories of wish fulfillment espoused by Freud and Jung . But now , digital innovations are picking up the challenge . The Shadow app seeks to connect users with their dreams , and to make them sociable . Its first function is as an alarm clock that wakes the user gradually over up to 30 minutes , easing them into consciousness so as to preserve more of the dream state , rather than shattering it abruptly . Dream researchers estimate that 95 % of dreams vanish upon awakening . Once the user touches their phone it begins recording and invites them to share the still-fresh memories of the night , prompting them with questions . The input is scanned for keywords and patterns so that the user can build a picture of their experiences over time . More ambitiously , their personal data is anonymized and sent with gender and geographic data to cloud servers in the hope of building a global dream database . In this social network people can compare and discuss their experiences , while trends can be identified and analyzed . "  We want to know what the most popular dream is in Japan , or Cambodia , at a given time " , Shadow founder and CEO Hunter Lee Soik said . "  You can see the dreams from each city organized by keywords and numbers " . Currently on a very limited launch of around 1,000 users , the data gathered is already offering insights . "  Last week the most dreams were recorded in New York City and the most common subject was relationships . It makes sense that as we are social creatures , we are social in our dreams too . " Soik wants his creation to be "  a whole other psychological layer " of quantified technology that people can use in conjunction with their daytime devices for a more complete picture . The science of dreams Scientific rigor is being applied to the project through specialists in psychology , neurology , sleep and behaviorism from leading academic institutions such as Harvard and Berkeley , who will analyze the data and contribute their findings . One study will assess environmental impact on dreams , whether through temperature or war . A similar project is being undertaken by Professor Richard Wiseman of the University of Hertfordshire , a sleep specialist and the UK 's only Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology . But in his case the goal is to actively shape dreams . Wiseman 's Dream : ON app monitors sleeping movement in order to identify the REM stage , the state of deep sleep which is most fertile for dreams and signaled by the cessation of neurotransmitters that control activity such as seratonin , and paralysis of movement but for the eyes . It targets the last and longest of these stages with a range of sound input from "  peaceful garden " to "  zombie attack " . The Professor employed double blind tests and received over a million submissions from users , and noted a significant impact . "  It affected the emotional tone of the dream rather than content " , says Wiseman . "  Pleasant nature sounds resulted in more pleasant dreams than jagged sounds . The more people used it the more effective it is . It 's hit and miss because we 're targeting REM from movement , but after 20 soundscapes they get used to it , they are less likely to be worried or woken up . " There is a therapeutic function , as bad dreams can be an indicator mental health problems . "  You can wake up in a better mood , but also people with depression tend to dream more , and more negatively than non-depressives , which could be counter-acted . " Lucid pilots control trips Wiseman is candid about the limits of his method , but new wearable devices are making far grander claims . The Aurora headband is one of several innovations to smash its crowd-funding goal with the promise of lucid dreams -- consciousness while asleep . Aurora measures sleeping brain activity through EEG reading , and provides physical prompts to the user once they are in the suggestible REM state . While the product is yet to be systematically tested on humans , lucid dreams are a proven phenomenon , with over 50 % of adults believed to have experienced one . Efforts to teach people how to access such dreams have been successful , and even electronically induced in clinical trials . One of the earliest scientists to establish the existence of lucid dreaming , Stephen LaBerge , will soon launch his own wearable tool the NovaDreamer2 , based on decades of research data . The appetite for such innovations is huge , shown in the millions of dollars raised for them in crowdfunding , as well as the thriving online communities that use lucid dreams for anything from thrill-seeking experiment to self-analysis and meditation . "  What 's happening now is a digital dream movement " , says Ryan Hurd , author of ` Dream Like a Boss ' and board member of the International Association for the Study of Dreams  IASD  . "  We can fulfill a lot of potential that has n't been realized as there is a lot more quantifiable data . " Hurd sees vast potential in seeking to influence and participate in dreams , pointing to tests that show athletes can improve performance by practicing in their dreams , artists can improve their creativity , and everyone can gain insights . "  People are becoming aware of how important sleep and dreams are for mood , cognitive performance , physical health , and we are beginning to see them enter the quantified self paradigm , " says Hurd . Neuroimaging shows physical form of dreams Physically identifying dream activity in the brain has seemed hopelessly ambitious but this too is now entering the realm of the possible . Researchers from the ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories in Kyoto , Japan , have been able to interpret EEG waves into simple images with around 70 % accuracy after extensively monitoring the patterns in sleeping brains and learning to recognize them . "  It is hard to identify the neural origin of dreaming , but at least we can now read out part of dream contents from activity patterns in the visual cortex , which is normally active when we see objects and scenes during wakefulness , " says lead researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani . Currently the images are crude , black and white shapes , but Kamitani sees vast potential for improvement and application . "  More aspects of dream contents , such as action , emotion , and narrative structure , will be decoded with more sophisticated experiments and analysis methods . " "  The results may be relevant to learning , memory , or mood . If so , the interpretation may serve as a marker for cognitive capacity and mental health ... It will be helpful to study the effect of particular dream contents on subsequent waking experience . " The tantalizing prospect of laying bare our unconscious mind has never been closer . But the more we can shape and monitor our dreams , the main issue could become just how well we want to know ourselves . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	It wakes the user and allows them to record their memories
CNN  -- A dizzying number of trackers are available for health and lifestyle . Enthusiasts can now chart every calorie burned or consumed , have their genetics broken down and backdated for centuries , or follow their stress levels through a family holiday . But while our waking moments become ever more transparent , the one-third of our life spent asleep has remained off limits . Throughout history , dreams have proved resistant to interrogation . It is not known why we sleep at all beyond a general need to recharge and avoid the negative consequences of not sleeping , while an explanation for the substance of dreams has proved even more elusive , still dominated by the theories of wish fulfillment espoused by Freud and Jung . But now , digital innovations are picking up the challenge . The Shadow app seeks to connect users with their dreams , and to make them sociable . Its first function is as an alarm clock that wakes the user gradually over up to 30 minutes , easing them into consciousness so as to preserve more of the dream state , rather than shattering it abruptly . Dream researchers estimate that 95 % of dreams vanish upon awakening . Once the user touches their phone it begins recording and invites them to share the still-fresh memories of the night , prompting them with questions . The input is scanned for keywords and patterns so that the user can build a picture of their experiences over time . More ambitiously , their personal data is anonymized and sent with gender and geographic data to cloud servers in the hope of building a global dream database . In this social network people can compare and discuss their experiences , while trends can be identified and analyzed . "  We want to know what the most popular dream is in Japan , or Cambodia , at a given time " , Shadow founder and CEO Hunter Lee Soik said . "  You can see the dreams from each city organized by keywords and numbers " . Currently on a very limited launch of around 1,000 users , the data gathered is already offering insights . "  Last week the most dreams were recorded in New York City and the most common subject was relationships . It makes sense that as we are social creatures , we are social in our dreams too . " Soik wants his creation to be "  a whole other psychological layer " of quantified technology that people can use in conjunction with their daytime devices for a more complete picture . The science of dreams Scientific rigor is being applied to the project through specialists in psychology , neurology , sleep and behaviorism from leading academic institutions such as Harvard and Berkeley , who will analyze the data and contribute their findings . One study will assess environmental impact on dreams , whether through temperature or war . A similar project is being undertaken by Professor Richard Wiseman of the University of Hertfordshire , a sleep specialist and the UK 's only Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology . But in his case the goal is to actively shape dreams . Wiseman 's Dream : ON app monitors sleeping movement in order to identify the REM stage , the state of deep sleep which is most fertile for dreams and signaled by the cessation of neurotransmitters that control activity such as seratonin , and paralysis of movement but for the eyes . It targets the last and longest of these stages with a range of sound input from "  peaceful garden " to "  zombie attack " . The Professor employed double blind tests and received over a million submissions from users , and noted a significant impact . "  It affected the emotional tone of the dream rather than content " , says Wiseman . "  Pleasant nature sounds resulted in more pleasant dreams than jagged sounds . The more people used it the more effective it is . It 's hit and miss because we 're targeting REM from movement , but after 20 soundscapes they get used to it , they are less likely to be worried or woken up . " There is a therapeutic function , as bad dreams can be an indicator mental health problems . "  You can wake up in a better mood , but also people with depression tend to dream more , and more negatively than non-depressives , which could be counter-acted . " Lucid pilots control trips Wiseman is candid about the limits of his method , but new wearable devices are making far grander claims . The Aurora headband is one of several innovations to smash its crowd-funding goal with the promise of lucid dreams -- consciousness while asleep . Aurora measures sleeping brain activity through EEG reading , and provides physical prompts to the user once they are in the suggestible REM state . While the product is yet to be systematically tested on humans , lucid dreams are a proven phenomenon , with over 50 % of adults believed to have experienced one . Efforts to teach people how to access such dreams have been successful , and even electronically induced in clinical trials . One of the earliest scientists to establish the existence of lucid dreaming , Stephen LaBerge , will soon launch his own wearable tool the NovaDreamer2 , based on decades of research data . The appetite for such innovations is huge , shown in the millions of dollars raised for them in crowdfunding , as well as the thriving online communities that use lucid dreams for anything from thrill-seeking experiment to self-analysis and meditation . "  What 's happening now is a digital dream movement " , says Ryan Hurd , author of ` Dream Like a Boss ' and board member of the International Association for the Study of Dreams  IASD  . "  We can fulfill a lot of potential that has n't been realized as there is a lot more quantifiable data . " Hurd sees vast potential in seeking to influence and participate in dreams , pointing to tests that show athletes can improve performance by practicing in their dreams , artists can improve their creativity , and everyone can gain insights . "  People are becoming aware of how important sleep and dreams are for mood , cognitive performance , physical health , and we are beginning to see them enter the quantified self paradigm , " says Hurd . Neuroimaging shows physical form of dreams Physically identifying dream activity in the brain has seemed hopelessly ambitious but this too is now entering the realm of the possible . Researchers from the ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories in Kyoto , Japan , have been able to interpret EEG waves into simple images with around 70 % accuracy after extensively monitoring the patterns in sleeping brains and learning to recognize them . "  It is hard to identify the neural origin of dreaming , but at least we can now read out part of dream contents from activity patterns in the visual cortex , which is normally active when we see objects and scenes during wakefulness , " says lead researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani . Currently the images are crude , black and white shapes , but Kamitani sees vast potential for improvement and application . "  More aspects of dream contents , such as action , emotion , and narrative structure , will be decoded with more sophisticated experiments and analysis methods . " "  The results may be relevant to learning , memory , or mood . If so , the interpretation may serve as a marker for cognitive capacity and mental health ... It will be helpful to study the effect of particular dream contents on subsequent waking experience . " The tantalizing prospect of laying bare our unconscious mind has never been closer . But the more we can shape and monitor our dreams , the main issue could become just how well we want to know ourselves . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	The data gathered worldwide is already providing insights
CNN  -- A dizzying number of trackers are available for health and lifestyle . Enthusiasts can now chart every calorie burned or consumed , have their genetics broken down and backdated for centuries , or follow their stress levels through a family holiday . But while our waking moments become ever more transparent , the one-third of our life spent asleep has remained off limits . Throughout history , dreams have proved resistant to interrogation . It is not known why we sleep at all beyond a general need to recharge and avoid the negative consequences of not sleeping , while an explanation for the substance of dreams has proved even more elusive , still dominated by the theories of wish fulfillment espoused by Freud and Jung . But now , digital innovations are picking up the challenge . The Shadow app seeks to connect users with their dreams , and to make them sociable . Its first function is as an alarm clock that wakes the user gradually over up to 30 minutes , easing them into consciousness so as to preserve more of the dream state , rather than shattering it abruptly . Dream researchers estimate that 95 % of dreams vanish upon awakening . Once the user touches their phone it begins recording and invites them to share the still-fresh memories of the night , prompting them with questions . The input is scanned for keywords and patterns so that the user can build a picture of their experiences over time . More ambitiously , their personal data is anonymized and sent with gender and geographic data to cloud servers in the hope of building a global dream database . In this social network people can compare and discuss their experiences , while trends can be identified and analyzed . "  We want to know what the most popular dream is in Japan , or Cambodia , at a given time " , Shadow founder and CEO Hunter Lee Soik said . "  You can see the dreams from each city organized by keywords and numbers " . Currently on a very limited launch of around 1,000 users , the data gathered is already offering insights . "  Last week the most dreams were recorded in New York City and the most common subject was relationships . It makes sense that as we are social creatures , we are social in our dreams too . " Soik wants his creation to be "  a whole other psychological layer " of quantified technology that people can use in conjunction with their daytime devices for a more complete picture . The science of dreams Scientific rigor is being applied to the project through specialists in psychology , neurology , sleep and behaviorism from leading academic institutions such as Harvard and Berkeley , who will analyze the data and contribute their findings . One study will assess environmental impact on dreams , whether through temperature or war . A similar project is being undertaken by Professor Richard Wiseman of the University of Hertfordshire , a sleep specialist and the UK 's only Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology . But in his case the goal is to actively shape dreams . Wiseman 's Dream : ON app monitors sleeping movement in order to identify the REM stage , the state of deep sleep which is most fertile for dreams and signaled by the cessation of neurotransmitters that control activity such as seratonin , and paralysis of movement but for the eyes . It targets the last and longest of these stages with a range of sound input from "  peaceful garden " to "  zombie attack " . The Professor employed double blind tests and received over a million submissions from users , and noted a significant impact . "  It affected the emotional tone of the dream rather than content " , says Wiseman . "  Pleasant nature sounds resulted in more pleasant dreams than jagged sounds . The more people used it the more effective it is . It 's hit and miss because we 're targeting REM from movement , but after 20 soundscapes they get used to it , they are less likely to be worried or woken up . " There is a therapeutic function , as bad dreams can be an indicator mental health problems . "  You can wake up in a better mood , but also people with depression tend to dream more , and more negatively than non-depressives , which could be counter-acted . " Lucid pilots control trips Wiseman is candid about the limits of his method , but new wearable devices are making far grander claims . The Aurora headband is one of several innovations to smash its crowd-funding goal with the promise of lucid dreams -- consciousness while asleep . Aurora measures sleeping brain activity through EEG reading , and provides physical prompts to the user once they are in the suggestible REM state . While the product is yet to be systematically tested on humans , lucid dreams are a proven phenomenon , with over 50 % of adults believed to have experienced one . Efforts to teach people how to access such dreams have been successful , and even electronically induced in clinical trials . One of the earliest scientists to establish the existence of lucid dreaming , Stephen LaBerge , will soon launch his own wearable tool the NovaDreamer2 , based on decades of research data . The appetite for such innovations is huge , shown in the millions of dollars raised for them in crowdfunding , as well as the thriving online communities that use lucid dreams for anything from thrill-seeking experiment to self-analysis and meditation . "  What 's happening now is a digital dream movement " , says Ryan Hurd , author of ` Dream Like a Boss ' and board member of the International Association for the Study of Dreams  IASD  . "  We can fulfill a lot of potential that has n't been realized as there is a lot more quantifiable data . " Hurd sees vast potential in seeking to influence and participate in dreams , pointing to tests that show athletes can improve performance by practicing in their dreams , artists can improve their creativity , and everyone can gain insights . "  People are becoming aware of how important sleep and dreams are for mood , cognitive performance , physical health , and we are beginning to see them enter the quantified self paradigm , " says Hurd . Neuroimaging shows physical form of dreams Physically identifying dream activity in the brain has seemed hopelessly ambitious but this too is now entering the realm of the possible . Researchers from the ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories in Kyoto , Japan , have been able to interpret EEG waves into simple images with around 70 % accuracy after extensively monitoring the patterns in sleeping brains and learning to recognize them . "  It is hard to identify the neural origin of dreaming , but at least we can now read out part of dream contents from activity patterns in the visual cortex , which is normally active when we see objects and scenes during wakefulness , " says lead researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani . Currently the images are crude , black and white shapes , but Kamitani sees vast potential for improvement and application . "  More aspects of dream contents , such as action , emotion , and narrative structure , will be decoded with more sophisticated experiments and analysis methods . " "  The results may be relevant to learning , memory , or mood . If so , the interpretation may serve as a marker for cognitive capacity and mental health ... It will be helpful to study the effect of particular dream contents on subsequent waking experience . " The tantalizing prospect of laying bare our unconscious mind has never been closer . But the more we can shape and monitor our dreams , the main issue could become just how well we want to know ourselves . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	Other innovations in this area allow people to control their dreams
February 25 , 2015 We cover a lot of ground today on CNN Student News , from a train derailment in California to a presidential veto in Washington to the Pacific island location of an iconic photograph . We take a look at wages in the U.S. job market and a non-lethal heat ray in the arsenal of the U.S. military . And we feature a Character Study of a woman who stops at nothing to help her community . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript
February 25 , 2015 We cover a lot of ground today on CNN Student News , from a train derailment in California to a presidential veto in Washington to the Pacific island location of an iconic photograph . We take a look at wages in the U.S. job market and a non-lethal heat ray in the arsenal of the U.S. military . And we feature a Character Study of a woman who stops at nothing to help her community . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
February 25 , 2015 We cover a lot of ground today on CNN Student News , from a train derailment in California to a presidential veto in Washington to the Pacific island location of an iconic photograph . We take a look at wages in the U.S. job market and a non-lethal heat ray in the arsenal of the U.S. military . And we feature a Character Study of a woman who stops at nothing to help her community . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money , ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy . Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package . The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling , but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country . "  This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina , and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called ` stimulus ' without seeing any benefit from it , " he said in a statement . Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate , Sanford led the party 's resistance to the $ 787 billion stimulus package . He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds . Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money . Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court . On Monday , however , a federal judge rejected that effort , and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do . In its ruling , the state 's highest court said the legislature , not Sanford , has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money . "  At this stage in the process , the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State , " the ruling said . "  We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds . " Watch report on Gov. Sanford 's policy defeat " However , the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue . "  Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the " money , it said . ... "  We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law , nothing more . " The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators ' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money , some of which will go for education needs . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	State Supreme Court rules 5-0 that governor must accept $ 700 million
CNN  -- South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money , ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy . Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package . The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling , but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country . "  This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina , and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called ` stimulus ' without seeing any benefit from it , " he said in a statement . Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate , Sanford led the party 's resistance to the $ 787 billion stimulus package . He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds . Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money . Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court . On Monday , however , a federal judge rejected that effort , and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do . In its ruling , the state 's highest court said the legislature , not Sanford , has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money . "  At this stage in the process , the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State , " the ruling said . "  We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds . " Watch report on Gov. Sanford 's policy defeat " However , the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue . "  Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the " money , it said . ... "  We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law , nothing more . " The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators ' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money , some of which will go for education needs . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Mark Sanford made national headlines in his efforts to reject federal stimulus funds
CNN  -- South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money , ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy . Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package . The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling , but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country . "  This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina , and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called ` stimulus ' without seeing any benefit from it , " he said in a statement . Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate , Sanford led the party 's resistance to the $ 787 billion stimulus package . He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds . Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money . Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court . On Monday , however , a federal judge rejected that effort , and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do . In its ruling , the state 's highest court said the legislature , not Sanford , has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money . "  At this stage in the process , the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State , " the ruling said . "  We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds . " Watch report on Gov. Sanford 's policy defeat " However , the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue . "  Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the " money , it said . ... "  We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law , nothing more . " The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators ' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money , some of which will go for education needs . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Issue put Republican governor at odds with GOP-controlled legislature
CNN  -- South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money , ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy . Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package . The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling , but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country . "  This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina , and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called ` stimulus ' without seeing any benefit from it , " he said in a statement . Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate , Sanford led the party 's resistance to the $ 787 billion stimulus package . He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds . Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money . Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court . On Monday , however , a federal judge rejected that effort , and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do . In its ruling , the state 's highest court said the legislature , not Sanford , has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money . "  At this stage in the process , the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State , " the ruling said . "  We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds . " Watch report on Gov. Sanford 's policy defeat " However , the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue . "  Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the " money , it said . ... "  We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law , nothing more . " The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators ' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money , some of which will go for education needs . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Students , education officials had filed lawsuits demanding governor take the money
London  CNN  -- All eyes in show business will turn to London on Sunday , as the stars of films from Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " to the Bond extravaganza "  Skyfall " gather for the British Academy Film Awards ceremony . The Baftas , as the awards are known , are seen as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars . "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations , while Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " each have nine nods . All three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . "  Argo , " a thriller centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis , last month landed the best film award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Having already won the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln , he is strongly tipped to win an Oscar later this month . If he succeeds , Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . In the Baftas , Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Hathaway " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and Michael Haneke . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " Bafta nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench who plays spy boss M and best British movie . The awards ceremony takes place at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , central London . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The British Academy Film Awards ceremony takes place Sunday
London  CNN  -- All eyes in show business will turn to London on Sunday , as the stars of films from Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " to the Bond extravaganza "  Skyfall " gather for the British Academy Film Awards ceremony . The Baftas , as the awards are known , are seen as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars . "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations , while Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " each have nine nods . All three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . "  Argo , " a thriller centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis , last month landed the best film award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Having already won the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln , he is strongly tipped to win an Oscar later this month . If he succeeds , Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . In the Baftas , Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Hathaway " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and Michael Haneke . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " Bafta nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench who plays spy boss M and best British movie . The awards ceremony takes place at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , central London . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Political drama "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations
London  CNN  -- All eyes in show business will turn to London on Sunday , as the stars of films from Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " to the Bond extravaganza "  Skyfall " gather for the British Academy Film Awards ceremony . The Baftas , as the awards are known , are seen as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars . "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations , while Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " each have nine nods . All three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . "  Argo , " a thriller centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis , last month landed the best film award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Having already won the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln , he is strongly tipped to win an Oscar later this month . If he succeeds , Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . In the Baftas , Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Hathaway " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and Michael Haneke . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " Bafta nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench who plays spy boss M and best British movie . The awards ceremony takes place at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , central London . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Oscar hopeful Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated to win a best actor award
London  CNN  -- All eyes in show business will turn to London on Sunday , as the stars of films from Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " to the Bond extravaganza "  Skyfall " gather for the British Academy Film Awards ceremony . The Baftas , as the awards are known , are seen as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars . "  Lincoln " leads the field with 10 Bafta nominations , while Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " each have nine nods . All three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . "  Argo , " a thriller centered on the 1979 Iran hostage crisis , last month landed the best film award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Having already won the Golden Globe and SAG best actor awards for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln , he is strongly tipped to win an Oscar later this month . If he succeeds , Day-Lewis would be the first male actor to win three best actor Oscars . He won previously for "  My Left Foot " in 1989 and "  There Will Be Blood " in 2007 . In the Baftas , Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Hathaway " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and Michael Haneke . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " Bafta nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench who plays spy boss M and best British movie . The awards ceremony takes place at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , central London . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock "
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the World Athletics Championships for the first time , the sport 's president Lamine Diack told CNN . South Africa became the first nation from the continent to stage football 's World Cup last year , while Cape Town finished third in the bidding for the 2004 Olympic Games . The nine-day athletics showpiece lays claim to being the third biggest sporting event on the planet behind those two competitions , but requires significantly less investment in infrastructure for the host nation . "  I think you could have a good bid from Africa in 2019 , 2021 , " said IAAF chief Diack , who is from Senegal . "  I think that there is a country and an African city that can organize it . "  But you must plan the development of your city because in order to have all this investment , you need to have the facilities . " While a successful Olympic bid , such as London 2012 , requires a large stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies alone , a world championships can be run on a smaller scale . "  London had Wembley . It 's probably easy to do at Wembley and not to build a new stadium , but they wanted to develop this area of London . They can do that , " Diack said . "  I think if you have a vision of development in your city , athletics can do that , the Olympics can be the way . "  The world championships are easier . You need a good stadium , good facilities -- they have these in many African countries , but you need the willingness of the government to say , ` I 'm going to put in $ 50 million . ' " London has also won the right to host the 2017 world championships , beating a big-money bid from Qatar which -- on top of the $ 8 million prize fund -- offered a reported $ 33 million in sponsorships of the IAAF 's competitions , awards dinners and development programs . The UK capital made a late move by matching the prize purse , but Diack said concerns over the legacy of its new Olympic stadium were forefront in the decision process . "  I think they picked London because , as you know , we had a very big fight to have this stadium stay in London , " the 78-year-old said . "  It 's a pity that for the Olympics , we build a stadium with 100,000 seats for an opening and closing ceremony and for athletics and , at the end , say , ` We 'll destroy it . ' And certainly , I feel that Britain is a very great nation of athletics . " The bidding process for football 's 2018 and 2022 World Cups , won by Russia and Qatar , came under great scrutiny due to allegations of corruption against top officials at ruling body FIFA . Diack is also facing an International Olympic Committee inquiry over claims that he received illegal payments from now defunct Swiss company ISL , which had an exclusive marketing contract with the IAAF for the world championships . "  I think they discovered that I received money in 1993 . In 1993 , something very difficult happened to me : my house was burned  down  . They burned my house with all of my family inside , " said Diack , who has been IAAF president since 1999 and was this year re-elected until 2015 . "  Fortunately , no-one died , but I lost my house and I had no insurance , so I had to find a way to rent a house , find a way to build up my own house , buy something else . So many friends knew this and they said , ` We 'll send my support . ' "  I received this . When they asked me , I started by saying , ` This is what happened . ' I did n't hear again from the ethical commission . " Diack , a former athlete who held the French/West African long jump record from 1957-60 and is now an IOC member , said he is confident he will not be found guilty of wrongdoing when the IOC considers the case in December . "  Absolutely . There 's no problem , " he said . "  And , to be clear , when I became president , the first thing that I decided is that ISL used to be our marketing company for the television rights in Europe , getting 50 % of the money . I decided that we did n't need ISL , I have to make a direct contract with someone else , and so I made a contract with someone else . "  If the ethical commission says they want to meet me , I will go to them . If the executive board says , ` We want to meet , ' I will go to them and I will explain myself , but I do n't find myself guilty of any wrongdoing . "	IAAF president backs Africa to host athletics ' showpiece event in near future
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the World Athletics Championships for the first time , the sport 's president Lamine Diack told CNN . South Africa became the first nation from the continent to stage football 's World Cup last year , while Cape Town finished third in the bidding for the 2004 Olympic Games . The nine-day athletics showpiece lays claim to being the third biggest sporting event on the planet behind those two competitions , but requires significantly less investment in infrastructure for the host nation . "  I think you could have a good bid from Africa in 2019 , 2021 , " said IAAF chief Diack , who is from Senegal . "  I think that there is a country and an African city that can organize it . "  But you must plan the development of your city because in order to have all this investment , you need to have the facilities . " While a successful Olympic bid , such as London 2012 , requires a large stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies alone , a world championships can be run on a smaller scale . "  London had Wembley . It 's probably easy to do at Wembley and not to build a new stadium , but they wanted to develop this area of London . They can do that , " Diack said . "  I think if you have a vision of development in your city , athletics can do that , the Olympics can be the way . "  The world championships are easier . You need a good stadium , good facilities -- they have these in many African countries , but you need the willingness of the government to say , ` I 'm going to put in $ 50 million . ' " London has also won the right to host the 2017 world championships , beating a big-money bid from Qatar which -- on top of the $ 8 million prize fund -- offered a reported $ 33 million in sponsorships of the IAAF 's competitions , awards dinners and development programs . The UK capital made a late move by matching the prize purse , but Diack said concerns over the legacy of its new Olympic stadium were forefront in the decision process . "  I think they picked London because , as you know , we had a very big fight to have this stadium stay in London , " the 78-year-old said . "  It 's a pity that for the Olympics , we build a stadium with 100,000 seats for an opening and closing ceremony and for athletics and , at the end , say , ` We 'll destroy it . ' And certainly , I feel that Britain is a very great nation of athletics . " The bidding process for football 's 2018 and 2022 World Cups , won by Russia and Qatar , came under great scrutiny due to allegations of corruption against top officials at ruling body FIFA . Diack is also facing an International Olympic Committee inquiry over claims that he received illegal payments from now defunct Swiss company ISL , which had an exclusive marketing contract with the IAAF for the world championships . "  I think they discovered that I received money in 1993 . In 1993 , something very difficult happened to me : my house was burned  down  . They burned my house with all of my family inside , " said Diack , who has been IAAF president since 1999 and was this year re-elected until 2015 . "  Fortunately , no-one died , but I lost my house and I had no insurance , so I had to find a way to rent a house , find a way to build up my own house , buy something else . So many friends knew this and they said , ` We 'll send my support . ' "  I received this . When they asked me , I started by saying , ` This is what happened . ' I did n't hear again from the ethical commission . " Diack , a former athlete who held the French/West African long jump record from 1957-60 and is now an IOC member , said he is confident he will not be found guilty of wrongdoing when the IOC considers the case in December . "  Absolutely . There 's no problem , " he said . "  And , to be clear , when I became president , the first thing that I decided is that ISL used to be our marketing company for the television rights in Europe , getting 50 % of the money . I decided that we did n't need ISL , I have to make a direct contract with someone else , and so I made a contract with someone else . "  If the ethical commission says they want to meet me , I will go to them . If the executive board says , ` We want to meet , ' I will go to them and I will explain myself , but I do n't find myself guilty of any wrongdoing . "	Lamine Diack tells CNN that world championships are more affordable
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the World Athletics Championships for the first time , the sport 's president Lamine Diack told CNN . South Africa became the first nation from the continent to stage football 's World Cup last year , while Cape Town finished third in the bidding for the 2004 Olympic Games . The nine-day athletics showpiece lays claim to being the third biggest sporting event on the planet behind those two competitions , but requires significantly less investment in infrastructure for the host nation . "  I think you could have a good bid from Africa in 2019 , 2021 , " said IAAF chief Diack , who is from Senegal . "  I think that there is a country and an African city that can organize it . "  But you must plan the development of your city because in order to have all this investment , you need to have the facilities . " While a successful Olympic bid , such as London 2012 , requires a large stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies alone , a world championships can be run on a smaller scale . "  London had Wembley . It 's probably easy to do at Wembley and not to build a new stadium , but they wanted to develop this area of London . They can do that , " Diack said . "  I think if you have a vision of development in your city , athletics can do that , the Olympics can be the way . "  The world championships are easier . You need a good stadium , good facilities -- they have these in many African countries , but you need the willingness of the government to say , ` I 'm going to put in $ 50 million . ' " London has also won the right to host the 2017 world championships , beating a big-money bid from Qatar which -- on top of the $ 8 million prize fund -- offered a reported $ 33 million in sponsorships of the IAAF 's competitions , awards dinners and development programs . The UK capital made a late move by matching the prize purse , but Diack said concerns over the legacy of its new Olympic stadium were forefront in the decision process . "  I think they picked London because , as you know , we had a very big fight to have this stadium stay in London , " the 78-year-old said . "  It 's a pity that for the Olympics , we build a stadium with 100,000 seats for an opening and closing ceremony and for athletics and , at the end , say , ` We 'll destroy it . ' And certainly , I feel that Britain is a very great nation of athletics . " The bidding process for football 's 2018 and 2022 World Cups , won by Russia and Qatar , came under great scrutiny due to allegations of corruption against top officials at ruling body FIFA . Diack is also facing an International Olympic Committee inquiry over claims that he received illegal payments from now defunct Swiss company ISL , which had an exclusive marketing contract with the IAAF for the world championships . "  I think they discovered that I received money in 1993 . In 1993 , something very difficult happened to me : my house was burned  down  . They burned my house with all of my family inside , " said Diack , who has been IAAF president since 1999 and was this year re-elected until 2015 . "  Fortunately , no-one died , but I lost my house and I had no insurance , so I had to find a way to rent a house , find a way to build up my own house , buy something else . So many friends knew this and they said , ` We 'll send my support . ' "  I received this . When they asked me , I started by saying , ` This is what happened . ' I did n't hear again from the ethical commission . " Diack , a former athlete who held the French/West African long jump record from 1957-60 and is now an IOC member , said he is confident he will not be found guilty of wrongdoing when the IOC considers the case in December . "  Absolutely . There 's no problem , " he said . "  And , to be clear , when I became president , the first thing that I decided is that ISL used to be our marketing company for the television rights in Europe , getting 50 % of the money . I decided that we did n't need ISL , I have to make a direct contract with someone else , and so I made a contract with someone else . "  If the ethical commission says they want to meet me , I will go to them . If the executive board says , ` We want to meet , ' I will go to them and I will explain myself , but I do n't find myself guilty of any wrongdoing . "	Senegalese official says London 's legacy was important in winning 2017 bid
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the World Athletics Championships for the first time , the sport 's president Lamine Diack told CNN . South Africa became the first nation from the continent to stage football 's World Cup last year , while Cape Town finished third in the bidding for the 2004 Olympic Games . The nine-day athletics showpiece lays claim to being the third biggest sporting event on the planet behind those two competitions , but requires significantly less investment in infrastructure for the host nation . "  I think you could have a good bid from Africa in 2019 , 2021 , " said IAAF chief Diack , who is from Senegal . "  I think that there is a country and an African city that can organize it . "  But you must plan the development of your city because in order to have all this investment , you need to have the facilities . " While a successful Olympic bid , such as London 2012 , requires a large stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies alone , a world championships can be run on a smaller scale . "  London had Wembley . It 's probably easy to do at Wembley and not to build a new stadium , but they wanted to develop this area of London . They can do that , " Diack said . "  I think if you have a vision of development in your city , athletics can do that , the Olympics can be the way . "  The world championships are easier . You need a good stadium , good facilities -- they have these in many African countries , but you need the willingness of the government to say , ` I 'm going to put in $ 50 million . ' " London has also won the right to host the 2017 world championships , beating a big-money bid from Qatar which -- on top of the $ 8 million prize fund -- offered a reported $ 33 million in sponsorships of the IAAF 's competitions , awards dinners and development programs . The UK capital made a late move by matching the prize purse , but Diack said concerns over the legacy of its new Olympic stadium were forefront in the decision process . "  I think they picked London because , as you know , we had a very big fight to have this stadium stay in London , " the 78-year-old said . "  It 's a pity that for the Olympics , we build a stadium with 100,000 seats for an opening and closing ceremony and for athletics and , at the end , say , ` We 'll destroy it . ' And certainly , I feel that Britain is a very great nation of athletics . " The bidding process for football 's 2018 and 2022 World Cups , won by Russia and Qatar , came under great scrutiny due to allegations of corruption against top officials at ruling body FIFA . Diack is also facing an International Olympic Committee inquiry over claims that he received illegal payments from now defunct Swiss company ISL , which had an exclusive marketing contract with the IAAF for the world championships . "  I think they discovered that I received money in 1993 . In 1993 , something very difficult happened to me : my house was burned  down  . They burned my house with all of my family inside , " said Diack , who has been IAAF president since 1999 and was this year re-elected until 2015 . "  Fortunately , no-one died , but I lost my house and I had no insurance , so I had to find a way to rent a house , find a way to build up my own house , buy something else . So many friends knew this and they said , ` We 'll send my support . ' "  I received this . When they asked me , I started by saying , ` This is what happened . ' I did n't hear again from the ethical commission . " Diack , a former athlete who held the French/West African long jump record from 1957-60 and is now an IOC member , said he is confident he will not be found guilty of wrongdoing when the IOC considers the case in December . "  Absolutely . There 's no problem , " he said . "  And , to be clear , when I became president , the first thing that I decided is that ISL used to be our marketing company for the television rights in Europe , getting 50 % of the money . I decided that we did n't need ISL , I have to make a direct contract with someone else , and so I made a contract with someone else . "  If the ethical commission says they want to meet me , I will go to them . If the executive board says , ` We want to meet , ' I will go to them and I will explain myself , but I do n't find myself guilty of any wrongdoing . "	Diack confident he will not be found guilty of accepting illegal payments
Turkey 's Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made history as the country 's first directly elected president but his ambitious economic plans could be scuttled by the region 's volatile geopolitics . As prime minister , Erdogan presided over the dramatic rise and fall of Turkey 's economy , wooing the emerging East before being undone by the winding back of stimulus programs in the West . Despite the economic decline , and a 52 % presidential vote being lower than expected , Erdogan 's aims for expansion remain undimmed . He has outlined plans to boost Turkey 's GDP from $ 820 billion in 2013 to $ 2 trillion in 2023 , and to more than double per capita income from just under $ 11,000 to $ 25,000 in the same time frame . The year 2023 is important to Erdogan , as it is the 100th anniversary of the country 's founding as a modern state by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . Near term , the real challenge is avoiding stagnation due to the challenges in neighboring Syria and especially in Northern Iraq -- where the march of terrorist group ISIS continues -- which are undermining growth . After hitting 2 % in 2012 , the economy grew 4 % last year . The government is expecting to show 4 % growth for 2014 . In his victory speech Erdogan , who as PM presided over the violent Gezi Park protests , a Twitter blackout and a corruption probe that hit the government , declared he wanted to start a "  social reconciliation " period , leaving the "  tensions , culture of clashes and virtual problems " in the "  old Turkey . " Erdogan 's force of personality carried him through nearly 12 years of prime ministership and he should not be underestimated in this new role . But his controversial rule as prime minister prompted ratings agency Fitch to Monday say political risk remained high as Erdogan shifted his power to president . "  Given the anti-government protests last summer in response to Erdogan 's perceived authoritarian tendencies , " Fitch said , "  political tension is likely to remain high as Erdogan seeks to extend the power of the presidency . " Fitch warned Turkey 's "  policy coherence and credibility " was already weaker than its ratings peers , noting Erdogan 's leadership had contributed to political risk that fed credit weakness . Beyond the domestic concerns , Erdogan can not control the volatility of his country 's neighborhood -- and could find his plans entangled in his own divisive history and that of the region . READ MORE : Understanding Turkey 's elections READ MORE : Turkey 's economy goes from star to mess	Prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan becomes Turkey 's first directly elected president
Turkey 's Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made history as the country 's first directly elected president but his ambitious economic plans could be scuttled by the region 's volatile geopolitics . As prime minister , Erdogan presided over the dramatic rise and fall of Turkey 's economy , wooing the emerging East before being undone by the winding back of stimulus programs in the West . Despite the economic decline , and a 52 % presidential vote being lower than expected , Erdogan 's aims for expansion remain undimmed . He has outlined plans to boost Turkey 's GDP from $ 820 billion in 2013 to $ 2 trillion in 2023 , and to more than double per capita income from just under $ 11,000 to $ 25,000 in the same time frame . The year 2023 is important to Erdogan , as it is the 100th anniversary of the country 's founding as a modern state by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . Near term , the real challenge is avoiding stagnation due to the challenges in neighboring Syria and especially in Northern Iraq -- where the march of terrorist group ISIS continues -- which are undermining growth . After hitting 2 % in 2012 , the economy grew 4 % last year . The government is expecting to show 4 % growth for 2014 . In his victory speech Erdogan , who as PM presided over the violent Gezi Park protests , a Twitter blackout and a corruption probe that hit the government , declared he wanted to start a "  social reconciliation " period , leaving the "  tensions , culture of clashes and virtual problems " in the "  old Turkey . " Erdogan 's force of personality carried him through nearly 12 years of prime ministership and he should not be underestimated in this new role . But his controversial rule as prime minister prompted ratings agency Fitch to Monday say political risk remained high as Erdogan shifted his power to president . "  Given the anti-government protests last summer in response to Erdogan 's perceived authoritarian tendencies , " Fitch said , "  political tension is likely to remain high as Erdogan seeks to extend the power of the presidency . " Fitch warned Turkey 's "  policy coherence and credibility " was already weaker than its ratings peers , noting Erdogan 's leadership had contributed to political risk that fed credit weakness . Beyond the domestic concerns , Erdogan can not control the volatility of his country 's neighborhood -- and could find his plans entangled in his own divisive history and that of the region . READ MORE : Understanding Turkey 's elections READ MORE : Turkey 's economy goes from star to mess	He has been a controversial leader and is expected to be a powerful president
Turkey 's Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made history as the country 's first directly elected president but his ambitious economic plans could be scuttled by the region 's volatile geopolitics . As prime minister , Erdogan presided over the dramatic rise and fall of Turkey 's economy , wooing the emerging East before being undone by the winding back of stimulus programs in the West . Despite the economic decline , and a 52 % presidential vote being lower than expected , Erdogan 's aims for expansion remain undimmed . He has outlined plans to boost Turkey 's GDP from $ 820 billion in 2013 to $ 2 trillion in 2023 , and to more than double per capita income from just under $ 11,000 to $ 25,000 in the same time frame . The year 2023 is important to Erdogan , as it is the 100th anniversary of the country 's founding as a modern state by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . Near term , the real challenge is avoiding stagnation due to the challenges in neighboring Syria and especially in Northern Iraq -- where the march of terrorist group ISIS continues -- which are undermining growth . After hitting 2 % in 2012 , the economy grew 4 % last year . The government is expecting to show 4 % growth for 2014 . In his victory speech Erdogan , who as PM presided over the violent Gezi Park protests , a Twitter blackout and a corruption probe that hit the government , declared he wanted to start a "  social reconciliation " period , leaving the "  tensions , culture of clashes and virtual problems " in the "  old Turkey . " Erdogan 's force of personality carried him through nearly 12 years of prime ministership and he should not be underestimated in this new role . But his controversial rule as prime minister prompted ratings agency Fitch to Monday say political risk remained high as Erdogan shifted his power to president . "  Given the anti-government protests last summer in response to Erdogan 's perceived authoritarian tendencies , " Fitch said , "  political tension is likely to remain high as Erdogan seeks to extend the power of the presidency . " Fitch warned Turkey 's "  policy coherence and credibility " was already weaker than its ratings peers , noting Erdogan 's leadership had contributed to political risk that fed credit weakness . Beyond the domestic concerns , Erdogan can not control the volatility of his country 's neighborhood -- and could find his plans entangled in his own divisive history and that of the region . READ MORE : Understanding Turkey 's elections READ MORE : Turkey 's economy goes from star to mess	Erdogan has big economic plans but they may get foiled by geopolitical pressures
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesians are heading to the polls Wednesday to elect its lawmakers in a crucial vote that will set the stage for the upcoming presidential elections . Grappling with questions over the country 's economy and corruption , voters will choose among 19,669 candidates for 532 legislature seats , at the national and sub-national level . Leading the presidential polls is a charismatic Jakarta governor , who is drawing comparisons to the 2008 version of Barack Obama . There are also smaller parties and colorful candidates including an Elvis impersonator , a former beauty queen and a singer . In this election , the political parties must win 25 % of the popular vote or 20 % of the legislative seats in order to officially nominate their candidates for president and vice president . The presidential election is slated for July 9 . Wednesday 's vote will shape the presidency as current President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will end his 10-year tenure this year . Indonesian law prohibits third terms . Leading the polls Recent surveys in Indonesia show a clear frontrunner for his successor . Joko Widodo , a 52-year-old former furniture exporter , built a reputation during his tenure as the mayor of Surakarta in Central Java . The candidate known as Jokowi draws similarities with Obama , because it 's a case of a relatively unknown candidate captivating national attention , says Douglas Ramage , an analyst with Bower Group Asia , based in Jakarta . "  Anyone who was disenchanted with the current government pours their hopes and dreams on him , " he told CNN . Widodo 's supporters cheered on March 14 , when his party , the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle or PDI-P announced him as its presidential candidate . Described as "  folksy and self-effacing , " Widodo 's leadership style has endeared him to supporters . He rose to national prominence in 2012 , when he became governor of the capital , Jakarta . For many , his victory signaled a clamor for a new breed of political leaders . "  If he becomes president in July , he would be the first Indonesian president who does n't come from a military , bureaucratic or elite background , " Ramage said . "  We could be looking at a real generational shift in Indonesian politics . " The Jokowi effect , as many call it now , is expected to change the political landscape . It may even spur apathetic voters , particularly among first-timers , to exercise their right to vote . "  I 'm too lazy to line up and vote but I 'll decide on the day itself , " said Karin , a 28-year-old who voted for Yudhoyono in the last two elections . "  But I do want Jokowi to be president . " But skeptics question whether Widodo has enough experience for the top post . One opinion piece in the Jakara Post asked : "  Can Indonesia afford untested leadership in this age ? " For now , Widodo has had a "  Teflon aura " because criticisms have n't stuck to the candidate , Ramage said . Another contender is Prabowo Subianto , a former general and son-in-law of Suharto , the former strongman who ruled Indonesia for 32 years . Prabowo , the presidential candidate for the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , trails Widodo in most surveys by double digits . A complex election Over the years , the number of national political parties has whittled down to 12 , but the established ones , like the PDI-P and Golkar , which Suharto founded , still dominate legislative elections . On Wednesday , each voter will be handed four ballots at the polling station , two for the upper and lower house , one each for the provincial and district legislatures . It can be daunting , even for seasoned voters . Fitri , a 32-year-old working mother , is still unsure whom to vote for . "  I do n't even know the candidates ' names , " she said . Yudhoyono won the country 's first direct Presidential vote in 2004 , by a landslide , but his popularity has waned since then because of high-profile corruption cases involving members of his Democratic Party . He ran explicitly on a platform of anti-corruption in 2004 and 2009 , said Ramage . "  When voters are asked why they 're not supporting Yudhoyono 's party , there 's a sense of betrayal of promise . " Indonesia is the world 's third 's largest democracy , after the United States and India , which is also currently holding elections . The Indonesian poll will span across 17,000 islands . Final results are not expected until late April or early May .	Indonesians will vote on its lawmakers Wednesday , an election seen as a bellwether for July 's presidential poll
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesians are heading to the polls Wednesday to elect its lawmakers in a crucial vote that will set the stage for the upcoming presidential elections . Grappling with questions over the country 's economy and corruption , voters will choose among 19,669 candidates for 532 legislature seats , at the national and sub-national level . Leading the presidential polls is a charismatic Jakarta governor , who is drawing comparisons to the 2008 version of Barack Obama . There are also smaller parties and colorful candidates including an Elvis impersonator , a former beauty queen and a singer . In this election , the political parties must win 25 % of the popular vote or 20 % of the legislative seats in order to officially nominate their candidates for president and vice president . The presidential election is slated for July 9 . Wednesday 's vote will shape the presidency as current President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will end his 10-year tenure this year . Indonesian law prohibits third terms . Leading the polls Recent surveys in Indonesia show a clear frontrunner for his successor . Joko Widodo , a 52-year-old former furniture exporter , built a reputation during his tenure as the mayor of Surakarta in Central Java . The candidate known as Jokowi draws similarities with Obama , because it 's a case of a relatively unknown candidate captivating national attention , says Douglas Ramage , an analyst with Bower Group Asia , based in Jakarta . "  Anyone who was disenchanted with the current government pours their hopes and dreams on him , " he told CNN . Widodo 's supporters cheered on March 14 , when his party , the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle or PDI-P announced him as its presidential candidate . Described as "  folksy and self-effacing , " Widodo 's leadership style has endeared him to supporters . He rose to national prominence in 2012 , when he became governor of the capital , Jakarta . For many , his victory signaled a clamor for a new breed of political leaders . "  If he becomes president in July , he would be the first Indonesian president who does n't come from a military , bureaucratic or elite background , " Ramage said . "  We could be looking at a real generational shift in Indonesian politics . " The Jokowi effect , as many call it now , is expected to change the political landscape . It may even spur apathetic voters , particularly among first-timers , to exercise their right to vote . "  I 'm too lazy to line up and vote but I 'll decide on the day itself , " said Karin , a 28-year-old who voted for Yudhoyono in the last two elections . "  But I do want Jokowi to be president . " But skeptics question whether Widodo has enough experience for the top post . One opinion piece in the Jakara Post asked : "  Can Indonesia afford untested leadership in this age ? " For now , Widodo has had a "  Teflon aura " because criticisms have n't stuck to the candidate , Ramage said . Another contender is Prabowo Subianto , a former general and son-in-law of Suharto , the former strongman who ruled Indonesia for 32 years . Prabowo , the presidential candidate for the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , trails Widodo in most surveys by double digits . A complex election Over the years , the number of national political parties has whittled down to 12 , but the established ones , like the PDI-P and Golkar , which Suharto founded , still dominate legislative elections . On Wednesday , each voter will be handed four ballots at the polling station , two for the upper and lower house , one each for the provincial and district legislatures . It can be daunting , even for seasoned voters . Fitri , a 32-year-old working mother , is still unsure whom to vote for . "  I do n't even know the candidates ' names , " she said . Yudhoyono won the country 's first direct Presidential vote in 2004 , by a landslide , but his popularity has waned since then because of high-profile corruption cases involving members of his Democratic Party . He ran explicitly on a platform of anti-corruption in 2004 and 2009 , said Ramage . "  When voters are asked why they 're not supporting Yudhoyono 's party , there 's a sense of betrayal of promise . " Indonesia is the world 's third 's largest democracy , after the United States and India , which is also currently holding elections . The Indonesian poll will span across 17,000 islands . Final results are not expected until late April or early May .	Jakarta governor has jumped into national spotlight as presidential contender
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesians are heading to the polls Wednesday to elect its lawmakers in a crucial vote that will set the stage for the upcoming presidential elections . Grappling with questions over the country 's economy and corruption , voters will choose among 19,669 candidates for 532 legislature seats , at the national and sub-national level . Leading the presidential polls is a charismatic Jakarta governor , who is drawing comparisons to the 2008 version of Barack Obama . There are also smaller parties and colorful candidates including an Elvis impersonator , a former beauty queen and a singer . In this election , the political parties must win 25 % of the popular vote or 20 % of the legislative seats in order to officially nominate their candidates for president and vice president . The presidential election is slated for July 9 . Wednesday 's vote will shape the presidency as current President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will end his 10-year tenure this year . Indonesian law prohibits third terms . Leading the polls Recent surveys in Indonesia show a clear frontrunner for his successor . Joko Widodo , a 52-year-old former furniture exporter , built a reputation during his tenure as the mayor of Surakarta in Central Java . The candidate known as Jokowi draws similarities with Obama , because it 's a case of a relatively unknown candidate captivating national attention , says Douglas Ramage , an analyst with Bower Group Asia , based in Jakarta . "  Anyone who was disenchanted with the current government pours their hopes and dreams on him , " he told CNN . Widodo 's supporters cheered on March 14 , when his party , the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle or PDI-P announced him as its presidential candidate . Described as "  folksy and self-effacing , " Widodo 's leadership style has endeared him to supporters . He rose to national prominence in 2012 , when he became governor of the capital , Jakarta . For many , his victory signaled a clamor for a new breed of political leaders . "  If he becomes president in July , he would be the first Indonesian president who does n't come from a military , bureaucratic or elite background , " Ramage said . "  We could be looking at a real generational shift in Indonesian politics . " The Jokowi effect , as many call it now , is expected to change the political landscape . It may even spur apathetic voters , particularly among first-timers , to exercise their right to vote . "  I 'm too lazy to line up and vote but I 'll decide on the day itself , " said Karin , a 28-year-old who voted for Yudhoyono in the last two elections . "  But I do want Jokowi to be president . " But skeptics question whether Widodo has enough experience for the top post . One opinion piece in the Jakara Post asked : "  Can Indonesia afford untested leadership in this age ? " For now , Widodo has had a "  Teflon aura " because criticisms have n't stuck to the candidate , Ramage said . Another contender is Prabowo Subianto , a former general and son-in-law of Suharto , the former strongman who ruled Indonesia for 32 years . Prabowo , the presidential candidate for the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , trails Widodo in most surveys by double digits . A complex election Over the years , the number of national political parties has whittled down to 12 , but the established ones , like the PDI-P and Golkar , which Suharto founded , still dominate legislative elections . On Wednesday , each voter will be handed four ballots at the polling station , two for the upper and lower house , one each for the provincial and district legislatures . It can be daunting , even for seasoned voters . Fitri , a 32-year-old working mother , is still unsure whom to vote for . "  I do n't even know the candidates ' names , " she said . Yudhoyono won the country 's first direct Presidential vote in 2004 , by a landslide , but his popularity has waned since then because of high-profile corruption cases involving members of his Democratic Party . He ran explicitly on a platform of anti-corruption in 2004 and 2009 , said Ramage . "  When voters are asked why they 're not supporting Yudhoyono 's party , there 's a sense of betrayal of promise . " Indonesia is the world 's third 's largest democracy , after the United States and India , which is also currently holding elections . The Indonesian poll will span across 17,000 islands . Final results are not expected until late April or early May .	Presidency to be decided July 9 , but political parties must fare well in legislative election to have a candidate
Former Hi-Five R&B singer Russell Neal is in custody after turning himself in to police on July 2 , saying his wife was dead in their Houston apartment . After Houston Fire Department paramedics forced entry into the apartment , they pronounced Catherine Martinez , 24 , dead of multiple stab wounds and blunt force head trauma . Officer Richard Ridel of Houston Police Department 's homicide unit initially questioned Neal , 40 , when he turned himself in at the station . According to Ridel , after Neal was read his Miranda rights , he refused to provide further statements without a lawyer present . Neal did , however , say he and his wife had been in an argument before her death . Police do n't know if Neal and Martinez 's two sons , ages 3 and 4 , were at the scene of their mother 's killing . The children are now in the care of Neal 's mother . Officers will interview the couple 's family and neighbors to "  see what their relationship was like " and "  whether or not they fought a lot , " Ridel said . Neal is best known for Hi-Five 's No. 1 song , "  I Like The Way  The Kissing Game  . " Debbie Egel , an attorney for Hi-Five , said , "  We are aware of the current situation in Houston , Texas , involving Russell Neal , former member of the legendary ' 90 's R&B group Hi-Five . We are presently evaluating the situation . The group is in the studio recording and Mr. Neal was not a part of the upcoming project . Bronx Most Wanted Entertainment will continue to monitor the situation . " Egel added on behalf of the group , "  This is an unfortunate situation and our prayers go out to both families involved . " In 2009 , Neal faced various charges throughout the year including DWI , marijuana possession , resisting arrest , and driving with an invalid license with previous convictions . Neal 's court date is set for July 7 , 2014 . He remains in jail with a bond set at $ 100,000 . Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced for abusing girls No rehab for Shia LaBeouf , just addiction treatment ` Opie & Anthony 's ' Anthony Cumia fired over tweets	'90s R&B singer Russell Neal turned himself in , police say
Former Hi-Five R&B singer Russell Neal is in custody after turning himself in to police on July 2 , saying his wife was dead in their Houston apartment . After Houston Fire Department paramedics forced entry into the apartment , they pronounced Catherine Martinez , 24 , dead of multiple stab wounds and blunt force head trauma . Officer Richard Ridel of Houston Police Department 's homicide unit initially questioned Neal , 40 , when he turned himself in at the station . According to Ridel , after Neal was read his Miranda rights , he refused to provide further statements without a lawyer present . Neal did , however , say he and his wife had been in an argument before her death . Police do n't know if Neal and Martinez 's two sons , ages 3 and 4 , were at the scene of their mother 's killing . The children are now in the care of Neal 's mother . Officers will interview the couple 's family and neighbors to "  see what their relationship was like " and "  whether or not they fought a lot , " Ridel said . Neal is best known for Hi-Five 's No. 1 song , "  I Like The Way  The Kissing Game  . " Debbie Egel , an attorney for Hi-Five , said , "  We are aware of the current situation in Houston , Texas , involving Russell Neal , former member of the legendary ' 90 's R&B group Hi-Five . We are presently evaluating the situation . The group is in the studio recording and Mr. Neal was not a part of the upcoming project . Bronx Most Wanted Entertainment will continue to monitor the situation . " Egel added on behalf of the group , "  This is an unfortunate situation and our prayers go out to both families involved . " In 2009 , Neal faced various charges throughout the year including DWI , marijuana possession , resisting arrest , and driving with an invalid license with previous convictions . Neal 's court date is set for July 7 , 2014 . He remains in jail with a bond set at $ 100,000 . Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced for abusing girls No rehab for Shia LaBeouf , just addiction treatment ` Opie & Anthony 's ' Anthony Cumia fired over tweets	He said his wife was dead , and that they 'd been in a fight , police say
Former Hi-Five R&B singer Russell Neal is in custody after turning himself in to police on July 2 , saying his wife was dead in their Houston apartment . After Houston Fire Department paramedics forced entry into the apartment , they pronounced Catherine Martinez , 24 , dead of multiple stab wounds and blunt force head trauma . Officer Richard Ridel of Houston Police Department 's homicide unit initially questioned Neal , 40 , when he turned himself in at the station . According to Ridel , after Neal was read his Miranda rights , he refused to provide further statements without a lawyer present . Neal did , however , say he and his wife had been in an argument before her death . Police do n't know if Neal and Martinez 's two sons , ages 3 and 4 , were at the scene of their mother 's killing . The children are now in the care of Neal 's mother . Officers will interview the couple 's family and neighbors to "  see what their relationship was like " and "  whether or not they fought a lot , " Ridel said . Neal is best known for Hi-Five 's No. 1 song , "  I Like The Way  The Kissing Game  . " Debbie Egel , an attorney for Hi-Five , said , "  We are aware of the current situation in Houston , Texas , involving Russell Neal , former member of the legendary ' 90 's R&B group Hi-Five . We are presently evaluating the situation . The group is in the studio recording and Mr. Neal was not a part of the upcoming project . Bronx Most Wanted Entertainment will continue to monitor the situation . " Egel added on behalf of the group , "  This is an unfortunate situation and our prayers go out to both families involved . " In 2009 , Neal faced various charges throughout the year including DWI , marijuana possession , resisting arrest , and driving with an invalid license with previous convictions . Neal 's court date is set for July 7 , 2014 . He remains in jail with a bond set at $ 100,000 . Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced for abusing girls No rehab for Shia LaBeouf , just addiction treatment ` Opie & Anthony 's ' Anthony Cumia fired over tweets	Neal is in police custody awaiting arraignment
CNN  -- Amazon may be coming out with its own smartphone , according to a new report from Bloomberg . The company reportedly is working with Foxconn to develop the hardware , which will likely run Amazon 's version of the Android operating system . A phone is n't as far-fetched of an undertaking as it might seem for the company , which has never made a handset . Amazon already has many of the building blocks it would need to make money off a smartphone , including its own version of the Android operating system , an established app store and well-stocked content marketplaces that could make up a good chunk of revenue for the phone . It also has a pool of loyal customers who trust the brand . Amazon is relatively new to the hardware game . The company 's first entry was the Kindle e-reader released in 2007 , followed by its Android-powered big brother , the Kindle Fire tablet . Amazon has had more success than many other companies in the tablet market thanks to getting in early and a low price made possible by revenue from books , movies and music . However , the smartphone market is already filled with well-established competitors . Current market leader Samsung shipped 42.2 million smartphones worldwide in the first quarter of 2012 , according to research firm IDC . Apple was a close second with 35.1 million smartphones , followed at a distance by Nokia and Research In Motion . There are also some challenges unique to selling smartphones . To build a decent device , Amazon will need the right patents so it does n't end up on the receiving end of costly lawsuits . To that end , the company just hired a new general manager for patent acquisitions and investments , Matt Gordon . Dealing with carriers would be another hurdle . Ina Fried at AllThingsD floated an intriguing theory : Amazon could buy wireless service wholesale from the big carriers and bundle it with the devices , like it does for the Kindle . The rumor that Amazon would unveil a smartphone late this year surfaced in November 2011 , when Citigroup 's research department predicted the device based on its supply chain checks in Asia . The new report , based on two anonymous sources "  with knowledge of the matter " supports the original theory floated by Citigroup .	Report : Amazon is working on a smartphone
CNN  -- Amazon may be coming out with its own smartphone , according to a new report from Bloomberg . The company reportedly is working with Foxconn to develop the hardware , which will likely run Amazon 's version of the Android operating system . A phone is n't as far-fetched of an undertaking as it might seem for the company , which has never made a handset . Amazon already has many of the building blocks it would need to make money off a smartphone , including its own version of the Android operating system , an established app store and well-stocked content marketplaces that could make up a good chunk of revenue for the phone . It also has a pool of loyal customers who trust the brand . Amazon is relatively new to the hardware game . The company 's first entry was the Kindle e-reader released in 2007 , followed by its Android-powered big brother , the Kindle Fire tablet . Amazon has had more success than many other companies in the tablet market thanks to getting in early and a low price made possible by revenue from books , movies and music . However , the smartphone market is already filled with well-established competitors . Current market leader Samsung shipped 42.2 million smartphones worldwide in the first quarter of 2012 , according to research firm IDC . Apple was a close second with 35.1 million smartphones , followed at a distance by Nokia and Research In Motion . There are also some challenges unique to selling smartphones . To build a decent device , Amazon will need the right patents so it does n't end up on the receiving end of costly lawsuits . To that end , the company just hired a new general manager for patent acquisitions and investments , Matt Gordon . Dealing with carriers would be another hurdle . Ina Fried at AllThingsD floated an intriguing theory : Amazon could buy wireless service wholesale from the big carriers and bundle it with the devices , like it does for the Kindle . The rumor that Amazon would unveil a smartphone late this year surfaced in November 2011 , when Citigroup 's research department predicted the device based on its supply chain checks in Asia . The new report , based on two anonymous sources "  with knowledge of the matter " supports the original theory floated by Citigroup .	Amazon already has app store , and its own version of Google 's Android system
CNN  -- Amazon may be coming out with its own smartphone , according to a new report from Bloomberg . The company reportedly is working with Foxconn to develop the hardware , which will likely run Amazon 's version of the Android operating system . A phone is n't as far-fetched of an undertaking as it might seem for the company , which has never made a handset . Amazon already has many of the building blocks it would need to make money off a smartphone , including its own version of the Android operating system , an established app store and well-stocked content marketplaces that could make up a good chunk of revenue for the phone . It also has a pool of loyal customers who trust the brand . Amazon is relatively new to the hardware game . The company 's first entry was the Kindle e-reader released in 2007 , followed by its Android-powered big brother , the Kindle Fire tablet . Amazon has had more success than many other companies in the tablet market thanks to getting in early and a low price made possible by revenue from books , movies and music . However , the smartphone market is already filled with well-established competitors . Current market leader Samsung shipped 42.2 million smartphones worldwide in the first quarter of 2012 , according to research firm IDC . Apple was a close second with 35.1 million smartphones , followed at a distance by Nokia and Research In Motion . There are also some challenges unique to selling smartphones . To build a decent device , Amazon will need the right patents so it does n't end up on the receiving end of costly lawsuits . To that end , the company just hired a new general manager for patent acquisitions and investments , Matt Gordon . Dealing with carriers would be another hurdle . Ina Fried at AllThingsD floated an intriguing theory : Amazon could buy wireless service wholesale from the big carriers and bundle it with the devices , like it does for the Kindle . The rumor that Amazon would unveil a smartphone late this year surfaced in November 2011 , when Citigroup 's research department predicted the device based on its supply chain checks in Asia . The new report , based on two anonymous sources "  with knowledge of the matter " supports the original theory floated by Citigroup .	Selling phones would put them in an already crowded market , though
Washington  CNN  -- White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs steps down from the post Friday , after two years as President Barack Obama 's top spokesman . Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will succeed him at the podium . Gibbs announced his decision to leave in January . Gibbs called it a "  remarkable privilege " to serve the president . But he said he wants to "  step back a little bit and recharge some " after four years of campaigning and a hard-fought first half of the Obama administration -- "  probably the busiest years that Washington and the White House have seen in a couple of decades . " Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit , supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches . "  It 's a remarkable privilege . It is in many ways the opportunity of a lifetime , " he told reporters at the White House briefing announcing his decision . But he added , "  We 've been going at this pace for four years . " In a written statement , Obama hailed Gibbs as "  a close friend , one of my closest advisers and an effective advocate from the podium . " But he said it was "  natural " for his longtime aide "  to want to step back , reflect and retool . " Gibbs was Obama 's spokesman during the 2008 presidential campaign , having joined the future president 's team when Obama ran for U.S. Senate in 2004 .	Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will be the new press secretary
Washington  CNN  -- White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs steps down from the post Friday , after two years as President Barack Obama 's top spokesman . Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will succeed him at the podium . Gibbs announced his decision to leave in January . Gibbs called it a "  remarkable privilege " to serve the president . But he said he wants to "  step back a little bit and recharge some " after four years of campaigning and a hard-fought first half of the Obama administration -- "  probably the busiest years that Washington and the White House have seen in a couple of decades . " Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit , supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches . "  It 's a remarkable privilege . It is in many ways the opportunity of a lifetime , " he told reporters at the White House briefing announcing his decision . But he added , "  We 've been going at this pace for four years . " In a written statement , Obama hailed Gibbs as "  a close friend , one of my closest advisers and an effective advocate from the podium . " But he said it was "  natural " for his longtime aide "  to want to step back , reflect and retool . " Gibbs was Obama 's spokesman during the 2008 presidential campaign , having joined the future president 's team when Obama ran for U.S. Senate in 2004 .	Gibbs says it 's been a "  remarkable privilege " to serve
Washington  CNN  -- White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs steps down from the post Friday , after two years as President Barack Obama 's top spokesman . Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will succeed him at the podium . Gibbs announced his decision to leave in January . Gibbs called it a "  remarkable privilege " to serve the president . But he said he wants to "  step back a little bit and recharge some " after four years of campaigning and a hard-fought first half of the Obama administration -- "  probably the busiest years that Washington and the White House have seen in a couple of decades . " Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit , supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches . "  It 's a remarkable privilege . It is in many ways the opportunity of a lifetime , " he told reporters at the White House briefing announcing his decision . But he added , "  We 've been going at this pace for four years . " In a written statement , Obama hailed Gibbs as "  a close friend , one of my closest advisers and an effective advocate from the podium . " But he said it was "  natural " for his longtime aide "  to want to step back , reflect and retool . " Gibbs was Obama 's spokesman during the 2008 presidential campaign , having joined the future president 's team when Obama ran for U.S. Senate in 2004 .	Obama hails Robert Gibbs as "  a close friend " and "  effective advocate "
Washington  CNN  -- White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs steps down from the post Friday , after two years as President Barack Obama 's top spokesman . Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will succeed him at the podium . Gibbs announced his decision to leave in January . Gibbs called it a "  remarkable privilege " to serve the president . But he said he wants to "  step back a little bit and recharge some " after four years of campaigning and a hard-fought first half of the Obama administration -- "  probably the busiest years that Washington and the White House have seen in a couple of decades . " Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit , supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches . "  It 's a remarkable privilege . It is in many ways the opportunity of a lifetime , " he told reporters at the White House briefing announcing his decision . But he added , "  We 've been going at this pace for four years . " In a written statement , Obama hailed Gibbs as "  a close friend , one of my closest advisers and an effective advocate from the podium . " But he said it was "  natural " for his longtime aide "  to want to step back , reflect and retool . " Gibbs was Obama 's spokesman during the 2008 presidential campaign , having joined the future president 's team when Obama ran for U.S. Senate in 2004 .	Gibbs says he will remain in Washington as a pundit , supporting White House positions
Billions of locusts -- everywhere the eye can see , eating most everything in sight . That 's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar , infested by swarms of the bugs flying in sometimes mile-long packs . Run for 30 to 45 minutes , and you still might not be able to shake them . "  It 's like you are in a movie , it 's incredible , " said Alexandre Huynh of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , or FAO , from the country 's capital of Antananarivo . "  You do n't see anything except locusts . You turn around , there are locusts everywhere . " Locusts ' targets are n't people , but they do ravenously devour what people eat -- directly in the form of crops , and indirectly in the form of pastureland that livestock and other animals graze on . Without concerted and effective action , experts say the crisis could very easily prove deadly in a nation such as Madagascar , where the U.N. estimates more than two-thirds of residents lived in poverty before this crisis . Doing nothing would mean the locust plague could spread across two-thirds of the island , which sits in the Indian Ocean off Africa 's southeastern coast . Even after a lull in winter , they 'd wake up in the spring in greater numbers and , without action , remain a devastating presence for a full decade , Huynh said . This year 's infestation is the worst since the 1950s . Older farmers who remember that crisis and see the big swarms nowadays "  stop farming , because they know that it 's useless , " said Huynh , the FAO 's emergency and rehabilitation coordinator in Madagascar . "  They know there 's hunger coming on . " Photos : Locusts plague the Holy Land By virtue of its distinct location , Madagascar is one of the world 's most ecologically diverse areas . About 90 % of its plant species exist nowhere else on the planet , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society , and many of its bird , reptile and animal species -- including all the world 's lemurs in the wild -- are endemic . The quality of life , however , for Madagascar 's more than 22 million people is low compared to many other countries . Some 77 % of its residents live on less than $ 1.25 per day , according to UNICEF official Natascha Paddison . It 's infant mortality rate of 47.40 deaths per 1,000 live births ranks 47th highest out of 223 ranked by the CIA World Factbook . The situation has been compounded by natural disasters like Tropical Cyclone Haruna that killed at least 23 people and adversely affected some 22,000 others , as well as a prolonged political crisis after an effective military coup in 2009 . That was followed by criticism of Madagascar 's new leaders -- such as from U.S. Embassy Charge d'Affaires Eric Wong , who noted reports that press freedoms had been restricted , political enemies were being held for years without trial , and civilians were raped or executed while their villages burned . The criticism contributed to a sharp drop in foreign aid , which accounted for 70 % of the government budget . Using the Xbox to study locust swarms But the international community remains involved in Madagascar -- including the United States , which donates $ 70 million annually . Even more help is urgently needed , FAO officials said , in order to prevent an even worse humanitarian crisis tied to the locust plague . Long-term , the U.N. organization is seeking $ 19 million for an early warning system -- so the next time locusts appear , authorities can act quickly and decisively to prevent their spread . But it 's too late for that this time , Huynh said . That 's why the agency is seeking $ 22 million through June to carry out a large-scale spraying operation . These figures do not include whatever food and humanitarian assistance Madagascar could need . "  There is no more use in preventing anything , " said Huynh , stressing the pressing need to fight the infestation . "  It is really an emergency situation . "	Billions of locusts infest half of Madagascar and could cover 2/3 of the island nation
Billions of locusts -- everywhere the eye can see , eating most everything in sight . That 's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar , infested by swarms of the bugs flying in sometimes mile-long packs . Run for 30 to 45 minutes , and you still might not be able to shake them . "  It 's like you are in a movie , it 's incredible , " said Alexandre Huynh of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , or FAO , from the country 's capital of Antananarivo . "  You do n't see anything except locusts . You turn around , there are locusts everywhere . " Locusts ' targets are n't people , but they do ravenously devour what people eat -- directly in the form of crops , and indirectly in the form of pastureland that livestock and other animals graze on . Without concerted and effective action , experts say the crisis could very easily prove deadly in a nation such as Madagascar , where the U.N. estimates more than two-thirds of residents lived in poverty before this crisis . Doing nothing would mean the locust plague could spread across two-thirds of the island , which sits in the Indian Ocean off Africa 's southeastern coast . Even after a lull in winter , they 'd wake up in the spring in greater numbers and , without action , remain a devastating presence for a full decade , Huynh said . This year 's infestation is the worst since the 1950s . Older farmers who remember that crisis and see the big swarms nowadays "  stop farming , because they know that it 's useless , " said Huynh , the FAO 's emergency and rehabilitation coordinator in Madagascar . "  They know there 's hunger coming on . " Photos : Locusts plague the Holy Land By virtue of its distinct location , Madagascar is one of the world 's most ecologically diverse areas . About 90 % of its plant species exist nowhere else on the planet , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society , and many of its bird , reptile and animal species -- including all the world 's lemurs in the wild -- are endemic . The quality of life , however , for Madagascar 's more than 22 million people is low compared to many other countries . Some 77 % of its residents live on less than $ 1.25 per day , according to UNICEF official Natascha Paddison . It 's infant mortality rate of 47.40 deaths per 1,000 live births ranks 47th highest out of 223 ranked by the CIA World Factbook . The situation has been compounded by natural disasters like Tropical Cyclone Haruna that killed at least 23 people and adversely affected some 22,000 others , as well as a prolonged political crisis after an effective military coup in 2009 . That was followed by criticism of Madagascar 's new leaders -- such as from U.S. Embassy Charge d'Affaires Eric Wong , who noted reports that press freedoms had been restricted , political enemies were being held for years without trial , and civilians were raped or executed while their villages burned . The criticism contributed to a sharp drop in foreign aid , which accounted for 70 % of the government budget . Using the Xbox to study locust swarms But the international community remains involved in Madagascar -- including the United States , which donates $ 70 million annually . Even more help is urgently needed , FAO officials said , in order to prevent an even worse humanitarian crisis tied to the locust plague . Long-term , the U.N. organization is seeking $ 19 million for an early warning system -- so the next time locusts appear , authorities can act quickly and decisively to prevent their spread . But it 's too late for that this time , Huynh said . That 's why the agency is seeking $ 22 million through June to carry out a large-scale spraying operation . These figures do not include whatever food and humanitarian assistance Madagascar could need . "  There is no more use in preventing anything , " said Huynh , stressing the pressing need to fight the infestation . "  It is really an emergency situation . "	Without action , the flying bugs could plague the country for 10 years , a U.N. official says
Billions of locusts -- everywhere the eye can see , eating most everything in sight . That 's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar , infested by swarms of the bugs flying in sometimes mile-long packs . Run for 30 to 45 minutes , and you still might not be able to shake them . "  It 's like you are in a movie , it 's incredible , " said Alexandre Huynh of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , or FAO , from the country 's capital of Antananarivo . "  You do n't see anything except locusts . You turn around , there are locusts everywhere . " Locusts ' targets are n't people , but they do ravenously devour what people eat -- directly in the form of crops , and indirectly in the form of pastureland that livestock and other animals graze on . Without concerted and effective action , experts say the crisis could very easily prove deadly in a nation such as Madagascar , where the U.N. estimates more than two-thirds of residents lived in poverty before this crisis . Doing nothing would mean the locust plague could spread across two-thirds of the island , which sits in the Indian Ocean off Africa 's southeastern coast . Even after a lull in winter , they 'd wake up in the spring in greater numbers and , without action , remain a devastating presence for a full decade , Huynh said . This year 's infestation is the worst since the 1950s . Older farmers who remember that crisis and see the big swarms nowadays "  stop farming , because they know that it 's useless , " said Huynh , the FAO 's emergency and rehabilitation coordinator in Madagascar . "  They know there 's hunger coming on . " Photos : Locusts plague the Holy Land By virtue of its distinct location , Madagascar is one of the world 's most ecologically diverse areas . About 90 % of its plant species exist nowhere else on the planet , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society , and many of its bird , reptile and animal species -- including all the world 's lemurs in the wild -- are endemic . The quality of life , however , for Madagascar 's more than 22 million people is low compared to many other countries . Some 77 % of its residents live on less than $ 1.25 per day , according to UNICEF official Natascha Paddison . It 's infant mortality rate of 47.40 deaths per 1,000 live births ranks 47th highest out of 223 ranked by the CIA World Factbook . The situation has been compounded by natural disasters like Tropical Cyclone Haruna that killed at least 23 people and adversely affected some 22,000 others , as well as a prolonged political crisis after an effective military coup in 2009 . That was followed by criticism of Madagascar 's new leaders -- such as from U.S. Embassy Charge d'Affaires Eric Wong , who noted reports that press freedoms had been restricted , political enemies were being held for years without trial , and civilians were raped or executed while their villages burned . The criticism contributed to a sharp drop in foreign aid , which accounted for 70 % of the government budget . Using the Xbox to study locust swarms But the international community remains involved in Madagascar -- including the United States , which donates $ 70 million annually . Even more help is urgently needed , FAO officials said , in order to prevent an even worse humanitarian crisis tied to the locust plague . Long-term , the U.N. organization is seeking $ 19 million for an early warning system -- so the next time locusts appear , authorities can act quickly and decisively to prevent their spread . But it 's too late for that this time , Huynh said . That 's why the agency is seeking $ 22 million through June to carry out a large-scale spraying operation . These figures do not include whatever food and humanitarian assistance Madagascar could need . "  There is no more use in preventing anything , " said Huynh , stressing the pressing need to fight the infestation . "  It is really an emergency situation . "	"  You turn around , there are locusts everywhere , " he says , noting swarms stretch for miles
Billions of locusts -- everywhere the eye can see , eating most everything in sight . That 's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar , infested by swarms of the bugs flying in sometimes mile-long packs . Run for 30 to 45 minutes , and you still might not be able to shake them . "  It 's like you are in a movie , it 's incredible , " said Alexandre Huynh of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , or FAO , from the country 's capital of Antananarivo . "  You do n't see anything except locusts . You turn around , there are locusts everywhere . " Locusts ' targets are n't people , but they do ravenously devour what people eat -- directly in the form of crops , and indirectly in the form of pastureland that livestock and other animals graze on . Without concerted and effective action , experts say the crisis could very easily prove deadly in a nation such as Madagascar , where the U.N. estimates more than two-thirds of residents lived in poverty before this crisis . Doing nothing would mean the locust plague could spread across two-thirds of the island , which sits in the Indian Ocean off Africa 's southeastern coast . Even after a lull in winter , they 'd wake up in the spring in greater numbers and , without action , remain a devastating presence for a full decade , Huynh said . This year 's infestation is the worst since the 1950s . Older farmers who remember that crisis and see the big swarms nowadays "  stop farming , because they know that it 's useless , " said Huynh , the FAO 's emergency and rehabilitation coordinator in Madagascar . "  They know there 's hunger coming on . " Photos : Locusts plague the Holy Land By virtue of its distinct location , Madagascar is one of the world 's most ecologically diverse areas . About 90 % of its plant species exist nowhere else on the planet , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society , and many of its bird , reptile and animal species -- including all the world 's lemurs in the wild -- are endemic . The quality of life , however , for Madagascar 's more than 22 million people is low compared to many other countries . Some 77 % of its residents live on less than $ 1.25 per day , according to UNICEF official Natascha Paddison . It 's infant mortality rate of 47.40 deaths per 1,000 live births ranks 47th highest out of 223 ranked by the CIA World Factbook . The situation has been compounded by natural disasters like Tropical Cyclone Haruna that killed at least 23 people and adversely affected some 22,000 others , as well as a prolonged political crisis after an effective military coup in 2009 . That was followed by criticism of Madagascar 's new leaders -- such as from U.S. Embassy Charge d'Affaires Eric Wong , who noted reports that press freedoms had been restricted , political enemies were being held for years without trial , and civilians were raped or executed while their villages burned . The criticism contributed to a sharp drop in foreign aid , which accounted for 70 % of the government budget . Using the Xbox to study locust swarms But the international community remains involved in Madagascar -- including the United States , which donates $ 70 million annually . Even more help is urgently needed , FAO officials said , in order to prevent an even worse humanitarian crisis tied to the locust plague . Long-term , the U.N. organization is seeking $ 19 million for an early warning system -- so the next time locusts appear , authorities can act quickly and decisively to prevent their spread . But it 's too late for that this time , Huynh said . That 's why the agency is seeking $ 22 million through June to carry out a large-scale spraying operation . These figures do not include whatever food and humanitarian assistance Madagascar could need . "  There is no more use in preventing anything , " said Huynh , stressing the pressing need to fight the infestation . "  It is really an emergency situation . "	Locusts devour crops and pastureland , which could devastate Madagascar 's poor
CNN  -- Multiple Obama administration officials tell CNN that the White House is not pushing to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill this year . A fence separates the United States from Mexico in the U.S. Border Patrol 's Yuma Sector in San Luis , Arizona . While it 's a top priority for the president 's first term , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro says "  the president has consistently said that he wants to start the discussion later this year because our immigration system is broken ... but the economy comes first . " The White House insisted that Thursday 's New York Times story reporting that President Obama would start addressing immigration "  is n't news . " Administration officials say the president previously told members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that he 's always planned to start discussions on immigration reform this year . "  There are a lot of things on his plate and a lot of pressing issues relating to the economy . I do n't think he expects that it will be done this year , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday . But the mood on Capitol Hill could be different . Jim Manley , senior communications adviser for Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , tells CNN that the majority leader "  intends to try to take comprehensive immigration reform to the floor later this year , probably in the fall . " The situation in the House is trickier . A vote on the hot-button issue could hurt freshman Democrats who were elected in swing districts . But House Democrats were presented with compelling evidence that voters want to see them trying to fix the immigration system . During the House Democrats ' February retreat , Pete Brodnitz , who works for the same firm that does polling for the president , argued that Democratic House members should promote their own immigration reform plans . "  The downturn in the economy has not weakened the case for comprehensive reform and has the potential to strengthen the case for it , " Brodnitz said . He added that Democrats must take a lead because "  the problem wo n't go away as long as the GOP continues to raise it " and that since Democrats run Congress and the White House , that "  makes us increasingly accountable for results . " There are roughly 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States . In addition to making a way for some of them to stay in the country legally , CNN has learned the Obama administration wants to remove incentives to enter the U.S. illegally , beef up border security and work with Mexico to cut down on illegal immigration . Watch how the immigration fight is shaping up " Obama will rely on a bipartisan , diverse group of experts to help build the framework for legislation , two senior administration officials said Thursday . The White House is expected to start work on the issue as early as May , the officials said . Meanwhile , the administration is dismissing suggestions that taking on immigration this year will put pressure on Obama 's already ambitious domestic agenda . Even before the debate begins , Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , is throwing the first punch , saying : "  President Obama 's amnesty plan is a dangerous path for our nation that will sacrifice the rule of law . " As a senator , Obama supported immigration legislation backed by President Bush , which would have increased funding and improved border security technology , improved enforcement of existing laws , and provided a legal path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants . He also voted to authorize construction of a 700-mile fence along the U.S.-Mexican border . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said Thursday that Congress was willing to work with Obama on comprehensive immigration reform . "  We must solve the immigration issue , and we can , even in these difficult economic times . I believe there is a real chance of passing comprehensive reform this year , and the Senate panel on immigration will begin a series of meetings and hearings later this month with an eye towards meeting that goal , " said Schumer , the chairman of the Senate subcommittee on immigration . But is the political climate right for immigration reform to be brought up , given the struggling economy ? Marisa Trevino , who runs the blog LatinaLista.net , said there 's simply "  never going to be a good time " for immigration reform . Trevino argues that immigration is tied to economic growth , and therefore timely . "  It 's not going to be popular with some people , but I think this actually is a good time to bring it up because immigration is tied so closely with our economy , and what drives economic growth is economic development . " It 's a point that one longtime immigration attorney agrees with . "  The immigration lawyers community really believes that it 's long overdue . ... There are actually many economic studies and reports that confirm that there 's a stimulus benefit to immigration reform , " said Laura Danielson , who is the chairwoman of the immigration department at the firm of Fredrikson & Byron . "  There 's a lot to be said for the fact that immigrants stimulate our economic growth , particularly those already living here , who are hiding in the shadows , -LSB- undocumented workers -RSB- who would be able to buy homes and come out in the open and work more effectively by perhaps starting businesses , " she added . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Obama does not expect immigration reform to come this year , press secretary says
CNN  -- Multiple Obama administration officials tell CNN that the White House is not pushing to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill this year . A fence separates the United States from Mexico in the U.S. Border Patrol 's Yuma Sector in San Luis , Arizona . While it 's a top priority for the president 's first term , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro says "  the president has consistently said that he wants to start the discussion later this year because our immigration system is broken ... but the economy comes first . " The White House insisted that Thursday 's New York Times story reporting that President Obama would start addressing immigration "  is n't news . " Administration officials say the president previously told members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that he 's always planned to start discussions on immigration reform this year . "  There are a lot of things on his plate and a lot of pressing issues relating to the economy . I do n't think he expects that it will be done this year , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday . But the mood on Capitol Hill could be different . Jim Manley , senior communications adviser for Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , tells CNN that the majority leader "  intends to try to take comprehensive immigration reform to the floor later this year , probably in the fall . " The situation in the House is trickier . A vote on the hot-button issue could hurt freshman Democrats who were elected in swing districts . But House Democrats were presented with compelling evidence that voters want to see them trying to fix the immigration system . During the House Democrats ' February retreat , Pete Brodnitz , who works for the same firm that does polling for the president , argued that Democratic House members should promote their own immigration reform plans . "  The downturn in the economy has not weakened the case for comprehensive reform and has the potential to strengthen the case for it , " Brodnitz said . He added that Democrats must take a lead because "  the problem wo n't go away as long as the GOP continues to raise it " and that since Democrats run Congress and the White House , that "  makes us increasingly accountable for results . " There are roughly 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States . In addition to making a way for some of them to stay in the country legally , CNN has learned the Obama administration wants to remove incentives to enter the U.S. illegally , beef up border security and work with Mexico to cut down on illegal immigration . Watch how the immigration fight is shaping up " Obama will rely on a bipartisan , diverse group of experts to help build the framework for legislation , two senior administration officials said Thursday . The White House is expected to start work on the issue as early as May , the officials said . Meanwhile , the administration is dismissing suggestions that taking on immigration this year will put pressure on Obama 's already ambitious domestic agenda . Even before the debate begins , Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , is throwing the first punch , saying : "  President Obama 's amnesty plan is a dangerous path for our nation that will sacrifice the rule of law . " As a senator , Obama supported immigration legislation backed by President Bush , which would have increased funding and improved border security technology , improved enforcement of existing laws , and provided a legal path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants . He also voted to authorize construction of a 700-mile fence along the U.S.-Mexican border . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said Thursday that Congress was willing to work with Obama on comprehensive immigration reform . "  We must solve the immigration issue , and we can , even in these difficult economic times . I believe there is a real chance of passing comprehensive reform this year , and the Senate panel on immigration will begin a series of meetings and hearings later this month with an eye towards meeting that goal , " said Schumer , the chairman of the Senate subcommittee on immigration . But is the political climate right for immigration reform to be brought up , given the struggling economy ? Marisa Trevino , who runs the blog LatinaLista.net , said there 's simply "  never going to be a good time " for immigration reform . Trevino argues that immigration is tied to economic growth , and therefore timely . "  It 's not going to be popular with some people , but I think this actually is a good time to bring it up because immigration is tied so closely with our economy , and what drives economic growth is economic development . " It 's a point that one longtime immigration attorney agrees with . "  The immigration lawyers community really believes that it 's long overdue . ... There are actually many economic studies and reports that confirm that there 's a stimulus benefit to immigration reform , " said Laura Danielson , who is the chairwoman of the immigration department at the firm of Fredrikson & Byron . "  There 's a lot to be said for the fact that immigrants stimulate our economic growth , particularly those already living here , who are hiding in the shadows , -LSB- undocumented workers -RSB- who would be able to buy homes and come out in the open and work more effectively by perhaps starting businesses , " she added . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Administration will start looking into possible solutions soon , officials say
CNN  -- Multiple Obama administration officials tell CNN that the White House is not pushing to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill this year . A fence separates the United States from Mexico in the U.S. Border Patrol 's Yuma Sector in San Luis , Arizona . While it 's a top priority for the president 's first term , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro says "  the president has consistently said that he wants to start the discussion later this year because our immigration system is broken ... but the economy comes first . " The White House insisted that Thursday 's New York Times story reporting that President Obama would start addressing immigration "  is n't news . " Administration officials say the president previously told members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that he 's always planned to start discussions on immigration reform this year . "  There are a lot of things on his plate and a lot of pressing issues relating to the economy . I do n't think he expects that it will be done this year , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday . But the mood on Capitol Hill could be different . Jim Manley , senior communications adviser for Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , tells CNN that the majority leader "  intends to try to take comprehensive immigration reform to the floor later this year , probably in the fall . " The situation in the House is trickier . A vote on the hot-button issue could hurt freshman Democrats who were elected in swing districts . But House Democrats were presented with compelling evidence that voters want to see them trying to fix the immigration system . During the House Democrats ' February retreat , Pete Brodnitz , who works for the same firm that does polling for the president , argued that Democratic House members should promote their own immigration reform plans . "  The downturn in the economy has not weakened the case for comprehensive reform and has the potential to strengthen the case for it , " Brodnitz said . He added that Democrats must take a lead because "  the problem wo n't go away as long as the GOP continues to raise it " and that since Democrats run Congress and the White House , that "  makes us increasingly accountable for results . " There are roughly 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States . In addition to making a way for some of them to stay in the country legally , CNN has learned the Obama administration wants to remove incentives to enter the U.S. illegally , beef up border security and work with Mexico to cut down on illegal immigration . Watch how the immigration fight is shaping up " Obama will rely on a bipartisan , diverse group of experts to help build the framework for legislation , two senior administration officials said Thursday . The White House is expected to start work on the issue as early as May , the officials said . Meanwhile , the administration is dismissing suggestions that taking on immigration this year will put pressure on Obama 's already ambitious domestic agenda . Even before the debate begins , Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , is throwing the first punch , saying : "  President Obama 's amnesty plan is a dangerous path for our nation that will sacrifice the rule of law . " As a senator , Obama supported immigration legislation backed by President Bush , which would have increased funding and improved border security technology , improved enforcement of existing laws , and provided a legal path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants . He also voted to authorize construction of a 700-mile fence along the U.S.-Mexican border . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said Thursday that Congress was willing to work with Obama on comprehensive immigration reform . "  We must solve the immigration issue , and we can , even in these difficult economic times . I believe there is a real chance of passing comprehensive reform this year , and the Senate panel on immigration will begin a series of meetings and hearings later this month with an eye towards meeting that goal , " said Schumer , the chairman of the Senate subcommittee on immigration . But is the political climate right for immigration reform to be brought up , given the struggling economy ? Marisa Trevino , who runs the blog LatinaLista.net , said there 's simply "  never going to be a good time " for immigration reform . Trevino argues that immigration is tied to economic growth , and therefore timely . "  It 's not going to be popular with some people , but I think this actually is a good time to bring it up because immigration is tied so closely with our economy , and what drives economic growth is economic development . " It 's a point that one longtime immigration attorney agrees with . "  The immigration lawyers community really believes that it 's long overdue . ... There are actually many economic studies and reports that confirm that there 's a stimulus benefit to immigration reform , " said Laura Danielson , who is the chairwoman of the immigration department at the firm of Fredrikson & Byron . "  There 's a lot to be said for the fact that immigrants stimulate our economic growth , particularly those already living here , who are hiding in the shadows , -LSB- undocumented workers -RSB- who would be able to buy homes and come out in the open and work more effectively by perhaps starting businesses , " she added . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Administration dismisses idea that the move will put pressure on Obama 's agenda
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee plans to unleash a withering attack Wednesday on private contractors working for the company formerly known as Blackwater in Afghanistan , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . Key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan will be the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin will say , according to an advance text of his remarks . "  If we are going to win that struggle , we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised and held accountable -- because in the end , the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions , " the Michigan Democrat will say . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " See agenda of 9:30 a.m. Wednesday hearing Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , Levin singled out Paravant , a company that had "  no meaningful distinction " from the company formerly known as Blackwater , which is currently known as Xe Services , he said in the advance text . Shooting at Camp Darulaman Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . Two civilians killed He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " Levin said . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . Company looks forward to testifying In a written statement , a spokesman for Xe Services said the company is looking forward to testifying Wednesday . "  Xe 's new management was taking steps to address shortcomings in the Paravant program when the tragic May 5 incident occurred , " said Mark Corallo of Corallo Comstock Communications . "  One of those shortcomings discovered was that the former management of Paravant had provided weapons to personnel for personal protection without first obtaining the proper authorization from DoD . "  Though Raytheon , the prime contractor , and the DoD customer were both aware of Paravant management 's decision , and were working to obtain authorization , contractors should not have been armed without the proper approvals . That said , the individual independent contractors ' actions the night of May 5 clearly violated clear company policies and they are being held accountable . " After the May 2009 shooting , Raytheon -- which had subcontracted the work to Paravant -- accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is considering Paravant 's classification . U.S. Army also criticized Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , before the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded the advance text by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee plans to unleash a withering attack Wednesday on private contractors working for the company formerly known as Blackwater in Afghanistan , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . Key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan will be the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin will say , according to an advance text of his remarks . "  If we are going to win that struggle , we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised and held accountable -- because in the end , the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions , " the Michigan Democrat will say . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " See agenda of 9:30 a.m. Wednesday hearing Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , Levin singled out Paravant , a company that had "  no meaningful distinction " from the company formerly known as Blackwater , which is currently known as Xe Services , he said in the advance text . Shooting at Camp Darulaman Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . Two civilians killed He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " Levin said . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . Company looks forward to testifying In a written statement , a spokesman for Xe Services said the company is looking forward to testifying Wednesday . "  Xe 's new management was taking steps to address shortcomings in the Paravant program when the tragic May 5 incident occurred , " said Mark Corallo of Corallo Comstock Communications . "  One of those shortcomings discovered was that the former management of Paravant had provided weapons to personnel for personal protection without first obtaining the proper authorization from DoD . "  Though Raytheon , the prime contractor , and the DoD customer were both aware of Paravant management 's decision , and were working to obtain authorization , contractors should not have been armed without the proper approvals . That said , the individual independent contractors ' actions the night of May 5 clearly violated clear company policies and they are being held accountable . " After the May 2009 shooting , Raytheon -- which had subcontracted the work to Paravant -- accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is considering Paravant 's classification . U.S. Army also criticized Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , before the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded the advance text by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	In prepared text , he sharply criticizes private contractors that worked for Blackwater
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee plans to unleash a withering attack Wednesday on private contractors working for the company formerly known as Blackwater in Afghanistan , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . Key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan will be the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin will say , according to an advance text of his remarks . "  If we are going to win that struggle , we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised and held accountable -- because in the end , the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions , " the Michigan Democrat will say . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " See agenda of 9:30 a.m. Wednesday hearing Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , Levin singled out Paravant , a company that had "  no meaningful distinction " from the company formerly known as Blackwater , which is currently known as Xe Services , he said in the advance text . Shooting at Camp Darulaman Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . Two civilians killed He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " Levin said . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . Company looks forward to testifying In a written statement , a spokesman for Xe Services said the company is looking forward to testifying Wednesday . "  Xe 's new management was taking steps to address shortcomings in the Paravant program when the tragic May 5 incident occurred , " said Mark Corallo of Corallo Comstock Communications . "  One of those shortcomings discovered was that the former management of Paravant had provided weapons to personnel for personal protection without first obtaining the proper authorization from DoD . "  Though Raytheon , the prime contractor , and the DoD customer were both aware of Paravant management 's decision , and were working to obtain authorization , contractors should not have been armed without the proper approvals . That said , the individual independent contractors ' actions the night of May 5 clearly violated clear company policies and they are being held accountable . " After the May 2009 shooting , Raytheon -- which had subcontracted the work to Paravant -- accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is considering Paravant 's classification . U.S. Army also criticized Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , before the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded the advance text by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	Levin cites two shooting incidents and lax control over weapons
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee plans to unleash a withering attack Wednesday on private contractors working for the company formerly known as Blackwater in Afghanistan , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . Key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan will be the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin will say , according to an advance text of his remarks . "  If we are going to win that struggle , we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised and held accountable -- because in the end , the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions , " the Michigan Democrat will say . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " See agenda of 9:30 a.m. Wednesday hearing Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , Levin singled out Paravant , a company that had "  no meaningful distinction " from the company formerly known as Blackwater , which is currently known as Xe Services , he said in the advance text . Shooting at Camp Darulaman Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . Two civilians killed He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " Levin said . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . Company looks forward to testifying In a written statement , a spokesman for Xe Services said the company is looking forward to testifying Wednesday . "  Xe 's new management was taking steps to address shortcomings in the Paravant program when the tragic May 5 incident occurred , " said Mark Corallo of Corallo Comstock Communications . "  One of those shortcomings discovered was that the former management of Paravant had provided weapons to personnel for personal protection without first obtaining the proper authorization from DoD . "  Though Raytheon , the prime contractor , and the DoD customer were both aware of Paravant management 's decision , and were working to obtain authorization , contractors should not have been armed without the proper approvals . That said , the individual independent contractors ' actions the night of May 5 clearly violated clear company policies and they are being held accountable . " After the May 2009 shooting , Raytheon -- which had subcontracted the work to Paravant -- accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is considering Paravant 's classification . U.S. Army also criticized Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , before the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded the advance text by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	He says contractors play key role in perception of U.S. military by Afghan people
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company 's return to Formula One as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year . The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season . He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg . "  I would like to thank Ross Brawn , Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli 's official test driver , " Heidfeld told F1 's official website . "  The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said : "  Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole . " Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011 . "  It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " Haug said . "  There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season . We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge . " Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season , with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010 . The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991 , but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling 's World Superbike and British Superbike categories .	Nick Heidfeld has become a tester for F1 's 2011 sole tire supplier Pirelli
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company 's return to Formula One as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year . The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season . He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg . "  I would like to thank Ross Brawn , Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli 's official test driver , " Heidfeld told F1 's official website . "  The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said : "  Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole . " Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011 . "  It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " Haug said . "  There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season . We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge . " Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season , with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010 . The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991 , but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling 's World Superbike and British Superbike categories .	The 33-year-old leaves his role as reserve driver at Mercedes in his native Germany
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company 's return to Formula One as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year . The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season . He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg . "  I would like to thank Ross Brawn , Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli 's official test driver , " Heidfeld told F1 's official website . "  The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said : "  Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole . " Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011 . "  It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " Haug said . "  There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season . We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge . " Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season , with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010 . The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991 , but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling 's World Superbike and British Superbike categories .	Mercedes officials believe the Pirelli deal may help him earn a race drive for next year
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company 's return to Formula One as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year . The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season . He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg . "  I would like to thank Ross Brawn , Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli 's official test driver , " Heidfeld told F1 's official website . "  The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said : "  Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole . " Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011 . "  It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " Haug said . "  There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season . We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge . " Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season , with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010 . The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991 , but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling 's World Superbike and British Superbike categories .	Pirelli returning to F1 on a three-year deal after last being involved in 1991
CNN  -- Bill Cosby has dominated headlines for much of the last month as accusations of sexual assault pile up . More than a dozen women have accused Cosby , many of whom say he drugged them first . Their stories paint a starkly different picture of the man beloved by millions as Dr. Huxtable -- the sweet , sweater-wearing father on the sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " The 77-year-old comedian has denied some of the allegations and refused to discuss others . He has never been prosecuted . Here 's the latest on the controversy : What are the allegations against Cosby ? At least 15 women are speaking out to various media outlets accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct . They include 12 women who either CNN has spoken to or read court documents about , who have spoken on camera about their allegations or whose alleged attacks have been addressed by Cosby 's attorney . Among the latest accusers is former supermodel Janice Dickinson . She told "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Why are we talking about them now ? The stories of Cosby 's purported crimes have been around for about a decade , but they recently got new life when a comedian took aim at him and a social media stunt inviting fans to meme the comic went awry . In late October , Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " Earlier this month , Cosby -- or whoever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . Cosby 's original tweet was quickly pulled from the Web , which led to this conclusion from Jensen Karp : "  If anyone is looking for a job , the Social Media Manager position for @BillCosby is about to open up . " What has Cosby said about the allegations ? He 's been mostly mum . When an NPR reporter gave him a chance to deny the allegations , Cosby provided an awkward moment of radio silence , refusing to answer the question . Given the same chance by The Associated Press , he offered no comment . When the interview concluded , he told a reporter that asking him about the allegations was a mark of low integrity and said he 'd be appreciative if that portion of the interview was "  scuttled . " Cosby offered an explanation for his silence Friday , when he told Florida Today he was n't going to respond to "  innuendos , " referring to the women 's accusations . "  I know people are tired of me not saying anything , but a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos . People should fact-check . People should n't have to go through that and should n't answer to innuendos , " he told the newspaper in a backstage interview before his sellout performance at the King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne . A lawyer for Cosby has called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the legendary comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " What 's been the fallout for him ? The accusations have taken their toll on Cosby 's earnings and reputation . Netflix postponed a stand-up comedy special . It was filmed before a live audience in July and scheduled to premiere the day after Thanksgiving . The company did not elaborate , issuing a statement that said only , "  At this time we are postponing the launch of the new stand-up comedy special ` Bill Cosby 77 . ' " NBC also decided against moving forward with a Cosby project . The network said last week that it opted to stop developing the comedy show , which was billed this summer as a "  classic , big extended-family sitcom " revolving around Cosby . "  We can confirm that the Cosby project is no longer in development , " NBC said . Finally , TV Land , one of the networks that have reruns of "  The Cosby Show " in their lineups , quietly removed the sitcom from its programming schedule . TV Land also deleted the sitcom page from its website . The channel did not respond to requests for comment about the disappearance of the show . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Todd Leopold , Steve Almasy and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	At least 15 women are speaking out , accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct
CNN  -- Bill Cosby has dominated headlines for much of the last month as accusations of sexual assault pile up . More than a dozen women have accused Cosby , many of whom say he drugged them first . Their stories paint a starkly different picture of the man beloved by millions as Dr. Huxtable -- the sweet , sweater-wearing father on the sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " The 77-year-old comedian has denied some of the allegations and refused to discuss others . He has never been prosecuted . Here 's the latest on the controversy : What are the allegations against Cosby ? At least 15 women are speaking out to various media outlets accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct . They include 12 women who either CNN has spoken to or read court documents about , who have spoken on camera about their allegations or whose alleged attacks have been addressed by Cosby 's attorney . Among the latest accusers is former supermodel Janice Dickinson . She told "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Why are we talking about them now ? The stories of Cosby 's purported crimes have been around for about a decade , but they recently got new life when a comedian took aim at him and a social media stunt inviting fans to meme the comic went awry . In late October , Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " Earlier this month , Cosby -- or whoever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . Cosby 's original tweet was quickly pulled from the Web , which led to this conclusion from Jensen Karp : "  If anyone is looking for a job , the Social Media Manager position for @BillCosby is about to open up . " What has Cosby said about the allegations ? He 's been mostly mum . When an NPR reporter gave him a chance to deny the allegations , Cosby provided an awkward moment of radio silence , refusing to answer the question . Given the same chance by The Associated Press , he offered no comment . When the interview concluded , he told a reporter that asking him about the allegations was a mark of low integrity and said he 'd be appreciative if that portion of the interview was "  scuttled . " Cosby offered an explanation for his silence Friday , when he told Florida Today he was n't going to respond to "  innuendos , " referring to the women 's accusations . "  I know people are tired of me not saying anything , but a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos . People should fact-check . People should n't have to go through that and should n't answer to innuendos , " he told the newspaper in a backstage interview before his sellout performance at the King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne . A lawyer for Cosby has called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the legendary comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " What 's been the fallout for him ? The accusations have taken their toll on Cosby 's earnings and reputation . Netflix postponed a stand-up comedy special . It was filmed before a live audience in July and scheduled to premiere the day after Thanksgiving . The company did not elaborate , issuing a statement that said only , "  At this time we are postponing the launch of the new stand-up comedy special ` Bill Cosby 77 . ' " NBC also decided against moving forward with a Cosby project . The network said last week that it opted to stop developing the comedy show , which was billed this summer as a "  classic , big extended-family sitcom " revolving around Cosby . "  We can confirm that the Cosby project is no longer in development , " NBC said . Finally , TV Land , one of the networks that have reruns of "  The Cosby Show " in their lineups , quietly removed the sitcom from its programming schedule . TV Land also deleted the sitcom page from its website . The channel did not respond to requests for comment about the disappearance of the show . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Todd Leopold , Steve Almasy and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	The comedian has either denied or declined to address the allegations
CNN  -- Bill Cosby has dominated headlines for much of the last month as accusations of sexual assault pile up . More than a dozen women have accused Cosby , many of whom say he drugged them first . Their stories paint a starkly different picture of the man beloved by millions as Dr. Huxtable -- the sweet , sweater-wearing father on the sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " The 77-year-old comedian has denied some of the allegations and refused to discuss others . He has never been prosecuted . Here 's the latest on the controversy : What are the allegations against Cosby ? At least 15 women are speaking out to various media outlets accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct . They include 12 women who either CNN has spoken to or read court documents about , who have spoken on camera about their allegations or whose alleged attacks have been addressed by Cosby 's attorney . Among the latest accusers is former supermodel Janice Dickinson . She told "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Why are we talking about them now ? The stories of Cosby 's purported crimes have been around for about a decade , but they recently got new life when a comedian took aim at him and a social media stunt inviting fans to meme the comic went awry . In late October , Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " Earlier this month , Cosby -- or whoever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . Cosby 's original tweet was quickly pulled from the Web , which led to this conclusion from Jensen Karp : "  If anyone is looking for a job , the Social Media Manager position for @BillCosby is about to open up . " What has Cosby said about the allegations ? He 's been mostly mum . When an NPR reporter gave him a chance to deny the allegations , Cosby provided an awkward moment of radio silence , refusing to answer the question . Given the same chance by The Associated Press , he offered no comment . When the interview concluded , he told a reporter that asking him about the allegations was a mark of low integrity and said he 'd be appreciative if that portion of the interview was "  scuttled . " Cosby offered an explanation for his silence Friday , when he told Florida Today he was n't going to respond to "  innuendos , " referring to the women 's accusations . "  I know people are tired of me not saying anything , but a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos . People should fact-check . People should n't have to go through that and should n't answer to innuendos , " he told the newspaper in a backstage interview before his sellout performance at the King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne . A lawyer for Cosby has called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the legendary comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " What 's been the fallout for him ? The accusations have taken their toll on Cosby 's earnings and reputation . Netflix postponed a stand-up comedy special . It was filmed before a live audience in July and scheduled to premiere the day after Thanksgiving . The company did not elaborate , issuing a statement that said only , "  At this time we are postponing the launch of the new stand-up comedy special ` Bill Cosby 77 . ' " NBC also decided against moving forward with a Cosby project . The network said last week that it opted to stop developing the comedy show , which was billed this summer as a "  classic , big extended-family sitcom " revolving around Cosby . "  We can confirm that the Cosby project is no longer in development , " NBC said . Finally , TV Land , one of the networks that have reruns of "  The Cosby Show " in their lineups , quietly removed the sitcom from its programming schedule . TV Land also deleted the sitcom page from its website . The channel did not respond to requests for comment about the disappearance of the show . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Todd Leopold , Steve Almasy and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	His projects and reputation have taken a serious hit
CNN  -- The images are all too familiar . Young protesters , disenfranchised and frustrated , take to the streets to fight a government that is ignoring their demands . At first peaceful , the protests are met with the heavy hand of riot police . Photographs of resilient demonstrators -- some standing obstinate amid the clouds of tear gas , others covered in pepper spray -- flood the Internet . But what is surprising about this week 's images is that they come from Hong Kong , one of Asia 's financial hubs and a territory known for its stability . The impetus for these pro-democracy protests , started by a student boycott of classes and joined by the group Occupy Central with Love and Peace , was the Chinese government 's pronouncement that the selection of candidates in Hong Kong 's election in 2017 would be limited by a pro-Beijing committee , a move that would ostensibly prevent a leader resistant to Beijing 's influence from coming to power . Such an arrangement follows the letter of the Basic Law , which codified the policy of "  one country , two systems , " as well as a 2007 decree by the National People 's Congress that promised universal suffrage in 2017 , but hardly their spirit . It is therefore no surprise that the signs have long seemed to point to an eventual clash of perspective . Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997 , its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought . Hong Kong 's economic freedoms and openness draws in companies and individuals from around the globe , further perpetuating the territory 's ties to the outside world . On the other side of the coin is Beijing , well known for its opposition to the open flow of information and the Western concept of democracy . Hong Kong protests : What you need to know Both sides have demonstrated restraint , with the protesters remaining largely peaceful and the government pulling back riot police after a day of aggressive crowd control tactics . Moreover , it is in the interest of both parties to maintain a low level of intensity . Violent escalation by the Occupy Central movement would only justify an equally violent response , and international condemnation and domestic anger would follow hostile action by the police . That said , in a meeting with Hong Kong 's business elite , Chinese President Xi Jinping asserted that Beijing will not yield . The Chinese government is aggressively censoring posts on Weibo , a popular social media site -- censored posts reportedly increased five-fold over the weekend , and "  Hong Kong " is now the most widely deleted search term on the social media site -- and Instagram was blocked for the first time in Hong Kong . In the meantime , the Occupy Central movement has already achieved much by bringing greater attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy . As the removal of riot police reveals , the international presence in Hong Kong means that Beijing does not have the same freedom of action as it does on the mainland . In China , demonstrations against issues such as pollution , corruption and forced land seizures are common and under-reported , caught behind the government 's Great Firewall . But it is harder for the world to ignore the comprehensive and detailed reports emanating from Hong Kong . With their actions , the Hong Kong citizens are assembling the pieces for greater civil and political participation in not only Hong Kong but also mainland China . The possible financial ramifications of the Occupy Central movement could cause Beijing to seek a quick conclusion to the demonstrations . After all , with traffic bottlenecked by protesters , business as usual in one of Asia 's financial hubs and China 's financial center is in question . A number of banks reportedly temporarily closed some of their branches and asked employees to work from home . Investors , too , are waiting to see the outcome of the protests in Hong Kong before continuing projects . Should the demonstrations linger , Beijing might therefore need to reassess its tactics -- though this could result in an even more aggressive crackdown . The road ahead will not be easy . Xi and the Communist Party are unlikely to shift from the short-term tactic of censorship and suppression . The leaders and participants of the Occupy Central movement risk arrest and censure in a territory and country that values stability above all . But they are carving out a space for civil and political participation throughout Greater China . In the end , such participation will improve both China 's governance and the lives of its people . Now if only Beijing can get out of its own way . From umbrella protests to ` umbrella revolution '	Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997
CNN  -- The images are all too familiar . Young protesters , disenfranchised and frustrated , take to the streets to fight a government that is ignoring their demands . At first peaceful , the protests are met with the heavy hand of riot police . Photographs of resilient demonstrators -- some standing obstinate amid the clouds of tear gas , others covered in pepper spray -- flood the Internet . But what is surprising about this week 's images is that they come from Hong Kong , one of Asia 's financial hubs and a territory known for its stability . The impetus for these pro-democracy protests , started by a student boycott of classes and joined by the group Occupy Central with Love and Peace , was the Chinese government 's pronouncement that the selection of candidates in Hong Kong 's election in 2017 would be limited by a pro-Beijing committee , a move that would ostensibly prevent a leader resistant to Beijing 's influence from coming to power . Such an arrangement follows the letter of the Basic Law , which codified the policy of "  one country , two systems , " as well as a 2007 decree by the National People 's Congress that promised universal suffrage in 2017 , but hardly their spirit . It is therefore no surprise that the signs have long seemed to point to an eventual clash of perspective . Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997 , its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought . Hong Kong 's economic freedoms and openness draws in companies and individuals from around the globe , further perpetuating the territory 's ties to the outside world . On the other side of the coin is Beijing , well known for its opposition to the open flow of information and the Western concept of democracy . Hong Kong protests : What you need to know Both sides have demonstrated restraint , with the protesters remaining largely peaceful and the government pulling back riot police after a day of aggressive crowd control tactics . Moreover , it is in the interest of both parties to maintain a low level of intensity . Violent escalation by the Occupy Central movement would only justify an equally violent response , and international condemnation and domestic anger would follow hostile action by the police . That said , in a meeting with Hong Kong 's business elite , Chinese President Xi Jinping asserted that Beijing will not yield . The Chinese government is aggressively censoring posts on Weibo , a popular social media site -- censored posts reportedly increased five-fold over the weekend , and "  Hong Kong " is now the most widely deleted search term on the social media site -- and Instagram was blocked for the first time in Hong Kong . In the meantime , the Occupy Central movement has already achieved much by bringing greater attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy . As the removal of riot police reveals , the international presence in Hong Kong means that Beijing does not have the same freedom of action as it does on the mainland . In China , demonstrations against issues such as pollution , corruption and forced land seizures are common and under-reported , caught behind the government 's Great Firewall . But it is harder for the world to ignore the comprehensive and detailed reports emanating from Hong Kong . With their actions , the Hong Kong citizens are assembling the pieces for greater civil and political participation in not only Hong Kong but also mainland China . The possible financial ramifications of the Occupy Central movement could cause Beijing to seek a quick conclusion to the demonstrations . After all , with traffic bottlenecked by protesters , business as usual in one of Asia 's financial hubs and China 's financial center is in question . A number of banks reportedly temporarily closed some of their branches and asked employees to work from home . Investors , too , are waiting to see the outcome of the protests in Hong Kong before continuing projects . Should the demonstrations linger , Beijing might therefore need to reassess its tactics -- though this could result in an even more aggressive crackdown . The road ahead will not be easy . Xi and the Communist Party are unlikely to shift from the short-term tactic of censorship and suppression . The leaders and participants of the Occupy Central movement risk arrest and censure in a territory and country that values stability above all . But they are carving out a space for civil and political participation throughout Greater China . In the end , such participation will improve both China 's governance and the lives of its people . Now if only Beijing can get out of its own way . From umbrella protests to ` umbrella revolution '	William Piekos : Occupy Central brings attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy
CNN  -- The images are all too familiar . Young protesters , disenfranchised and frustrated , take to the streets to fight a government that is ignoring their demands . At first peaceful , the protests are met with the heavy hand of riot police . Photographs of resilient demonstrators -- some standing obstinate amid the clouds of tear gas , others covered in pepper spray -- flood the Internet . But what is surprising about this week 's images is that they come from Hong Kong , one of Asia 's financial hubs and a territory known for its stability . The impetus for these pro-democracy protests , started by a student boycott of classes and joined by the group Occupy Central with Love and Peace , was the Chinese government 's pronouncement that the selection of candidates in Hong Kong 's election in 2017 would be limited by a pro-Beijing committee , a move that would ostensibly prevent a leader resistant to Beijing 's influence from coming to power . Such an arrangement follows the letter of the Basic Law , which codified the policy of "  one country , two systems , " as well as a 2007 decree by the National People 's Congress that promised universal suffrage in 2017 , but hardly their spirit . It is therefore no surprise that the signs have long seemed to point to an eventual clash of perspective . Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997 , its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought . Hong Kong 's economic freedoms and openness draws in companies and individuals from around the globe , further perpetuating the territory 's ties to the outside world . On the other side of the coin is Beijing , well known for its opposition to the open flow of information and the Western concept of democracy . Hong Kong protests : What you need to know Both sides have demonstrated restraint , with the protesters remaining largely peaceful and the government pulling back riot police after a day of aggressive crowd control tactics . Moreover , it is in the interest of both parties to maintain a low level of intensity . Violent escalation by the Occupy Central movement would only justify an equally violent response , and international condemnation and domestic anger would follow hostile action by the police . That said , in a meeting with Hong Kong 's business elite , Chinese President Xi Jinping asserted that Beijing will not yield . The Chinese government is aggressively censoring posts on Weibo , a popular social media site -- censored posts reportedly increased five-fold over the weekend , and "  Hong Kong " is now the most widely deleted search term on the social media site -- and Instagram was blocked for the first time in Hong Kong . In the meantime , the Occupy Central movement has already achieved much by bringing greater attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy . As the removal of riot police reveals , the international presence in Hong Kong means that Beijing does not have the same freedom of action as it does on the mainland . In China , demonstrations against issues such as pollution , corruption and forced land seizures are common and under-reported , caught behind the government 's Great Firewall . But it is harder for the world to ignore the comprehensive and detailed reports emanating from Hong Kong . With their actions , the Hong Kong citizens are assembling the pieces for greater civil and political participation in not only Hong Kong but also mainland China . The possible financial ramifications of the Occupy Central movement could cause Beijing to seek a quick conclusion to the demonstrations . After all , with traffic bottlenecked by protesters , business as usual in one of Asia 's financial hubs and China 's financial center is in question . A number of banks reportedly temporarily closed some of their branches and asked employees to work from home . Investors , too , are waiting to see the outcome of the protests in Hong Kong before continuing projects . Should the demonstrations linger , Beijing might therefore need to reassess its tactics -- though this could result in an even more aggressive crackdown . The road ahead will not be easy . Xi and the Communist Party are unlikely to shift from the short-term tactic of censorship and suppression . The leaders and participants of the Occupy Central movement risk arrest and censure in a territory and country that values stability above all . But they are carving out a space for civil and political participation throughout Greater China . In the end , such participation will improve both China 's governance and the lives of its people . Now if only Beijing can get out of its own way . From umbrella protests to ` umbrella revolution '	Hong Kong citizens are assembling pieces for greater civil participation , Piekos says
Erin and William Petersen almost did n't get the ultrasound . You do n't really need it , the doctor told them , but come on in if you like and have a look at your baby . They watched excitedly as the baby , just 12 weeks old , moved its hand across the screen . It looked like a wave hello to Mommy and Daddy . Excuse me , the technician said as she put down the ultrasound wand and headed toward the door . "  Is everything OK ? " the Petersens asked . "  No , " the technician answered and walked out of the room . Sky-high rate of a birth defect Nearly two years after the state of Washington was alerted to a possible cluster of babies born with severe birth defects , experts are speaking out , criticizing the state health department for not doing enough to save babies ' lives . For four years in a row , from 2010 through 2013 , the rate of babies born with a brain defect called anencephaly -- a type of neural tube defect -- in one rural area of Washington has been more than four times the national rate . The defect is always fatal . The Washington Department of Health has steadfastly refused to interview the parents of these babies and has failed to accept offers of help from world-renowned anencephaly experts . "  It really looks like they 're dragging their feet , " said Richard Finnell , a pediatric geneticist and birth defect expert at the University of Texas . He said that to find the cause of the cluster , state investigators need to speak with the parents of children with birth defects in the three-county area to see whether they might have something in common . But the state has not contacted these parents . "  This is the highest rate of anencephaly since a cluster in Texas back in the '90s , and they should get in there and figure it out . But they do n't seem very excited about it , " Finnell said . That Texas outbreak was found to be associated with moldy corn consumed by the mothers . A team of experts on this mold offered help to Washington investigators back in February but has n't received a response . "  We 're frustrated that they 're not moving more quickly to find the cause , " said Janee Gelineau-van Waes , one of the mold experts and an associate professor of pharmacology at the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska . The Washington Department of Health has defended its response to the high rate , pointing out that it did a review of the mothers ' medical records and , this month , created an advisory committee to help with the investigation . A state epidemiologist , Juliet VanEenwyk , said that at some point , investigators hope to work with the mold experts . If all of that is n't enough of a response , that 's partly because the state 's epidemiologists believe the increased rate could be random , VanEenwyk said . Though it is indeed high , the number of anencephaly cases is so small -- 8.7 per 10,000 births -- that next year , the rate could be back in line with the rest of the country . The national rate is 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . "  Clusters come and go , " said VanEenwyk . "  This could possibly be a statistical blip . " But Finnell and others say they think a fourfold increase is no blip . With anencephaly , the baby is born without a fully formed brain . There 's no chance of survival . Research has suggested that pregnant women are at higher risk of neural tube defects if their intake of folic acid is low before and during pregnancy . The United States has seen a 27 % drop in such case since it started fortifying grains with folic acid . ` The lamest excuse I 've ever heard ' When the ultrasound tech walked out the door , the Petersens were left alone , Erin 's stomach still exposed with the ultrasound gel on it . "  It 's OK , " her husband kept repeating , but Erin could n't even look at him . She just stared at the wall , listening to the sound of her own heart beating louder and louder . The tech returned with the doctor . "  He told us our baby had anencephaly and had no chance of survival . He was surprised he 'd made it this long , " Erin said . "  He went to the computer and brought up a picture of a deceased baby with anencephaly , and there was no skull past the eyebrows . It was horrifying . The image is seared into my head forever . " The Petersens scheduled a pregnancy termination for two days later , on June 30 , 2012 . In the meantime , they went home to wait . "  I was inconsolable , " Erin said . "  I had a baby inside me that was living , and his heart was beating , but I knew I would have to say goodbye in a couple of days . " The day before the termination , Billy Petersen found a red marker and drew a heart on his wife 's stomach . "  I knew our baby was in there , and I was showing him that I love him , " he said . "  It was our last night with him . " This kind of emotion is one of the reasons why the Department of Health has decided so far not to interview families like the Petersens . "  It 's very intrusive to start knocking on doors of people who 've had a pretty major trauma in their lives , " VanEenwyk said . "  That 's the lamest excuse I 've ever heard , " said Billy Petersen , reflecting the viewpoint of several families interviewed by CNN whose children have neural tube defects . "  We want to talk to them , " he said . "  We 'd do anything to help find out why our baby died and help other families . We do n't want anyone else to go through what we 've been through . " VanEenwyk said it 's not clear what investigators would ask these parents . The medical records review showed they had nothing obvious in common . "  Unless we really think we 're going to learn something that will help us prevent neural tube defects , we 've said that that 's not the route to go yet . " All the Petersens can do now is grieve without answers . A few weeks after they terminated the pregnancy , the couple found outthat their baby had been a boy . They named him Oliver Michael and got tattoos in his memory . Billy 's tattoo on his collarbone has a baby 's hand and the letters AIMH , for "  Always in my Heart . " Erin 's tattoo on the inside of her wrist has the same baby hand . "  Godspeed , " it reads . "  Sweet dreams . "	Anencephaly is a fatal brain defect
Erin and William Petersen almost did n't get the ultrasound . You do n't really need it , the doctor told them , but come on in if you like and have a look at your baby . They watched excitedly as the baby , just 12 weeks old , moved its hand across the screen . It looked like a wave hello to Mommy and Daddy . Excuse me , the technician said as she put down the ultrasound wand and headed toward the door . "  Is everything OK ? " the Petersens asked . "  No , " the technician answered and walked out of the room . Sky-high rate of a birth defect Nearly two years after the state of Washington was alerted to a possible cluster of babies born with severe birth defects , experts are speaking out , criticizing the state health department for not doing enough to save babies ' lives . For four years in a row , from 2010 through 2013 , the rate of babies born with a brain defect called anencephaly -- a type of neural tube defect -- in one rural area of Washington has been more than four times the national rate . The defect is always fatal . The Washington Department of Health has steadfastly refused to interview the parents of these babies and has failed to accept offers of help from world-renowned anencephaly experts . "  It really looks like they 're dragging their feet , " said Richard Finnell , a pediatric geneticist and birth defect expert at the University of Texas . He said that to find the cause of the cluster , state investigators need to speak with the parents of children with birth defects in the three-county area to see whether they might have something in common . But the state has not contacted these parents . "  This is the highest rate of anencephaly since a cluster in Texas back in the '90s , and they should get in there and figure it out . But they do n't seem very excited about it , " Finnell said . That Texas outbreak was found to be associated with moldy corn consumed by the mothers . A team of experts on this mold offered help to Washington investigators back in February but has n't received a response . "  We 're frustrated that they 're not moving more quickly to find the cause , " said Janee Gelineau-van Waes , one of the mold experts and an associate professor of pharmacology at the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska . The Washington Department of Health has defended its response to the high rate , pointing out that it did a review of the mothers ' medical records and , this month , created an advisory committee to help with the investigation . A state epidemiologist , Juliet VanEenwyk , said that at some point , investigators hope to work with the mold experts . If all of that is n't enough of a response , that 's partly because the state 's epidemiologists believe the increased rate could be random , VanEenwyk said . Though it is indeed high , the number of anencephaly cases is so small -- 8.7 per 10,000 births -- that next year , the rate could be back in line with the rest of the country . The national rate is 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . "  Clusters come and go , " said VanEenwyk . "  This could possibly be a statistical blip . " But Finnell and others say they think a fourfold increase is no blip . With anencephaly , the baby is born without a fully formed brain . There 's no chance of survival . Research has suggested that pregnant women are at higher risk of neural tube defects if their intake of folic acid is low before and during pregnancy . The United States has seen a 27 % drop in such case since it started fortifying grains with folic acid . ` The lamest excuse I 've ever heard ' When the ultrasound tech walked out the door , the Petersens were left alone , Erin 's stomach still exposed with the ultrasound gel on it . "  It 's OK , " her husband kept repeating , but Erin could n't even look at him . She just stared at the wall , listening to the sound of her own heart beating louder and louder . The tech returned with the doctor . "  He told us our baby had anencephaly and had no chance of survival . He was surprised he 'd made it this long , " Erin said . "  He went to the computer and brought up a picture of a deceased baby with anencephaly , and there was no skull past the eyebrows . It was horrifying . The image is seared into my head forever . " The Petersens scheduled a pregnancy termination for two days later , on June 30 , 2012 . In the meantime , they went home to wait . "  I was inconsolable , " Erin said . "  I had a baby inside me that was living , and his heart was beating , but I knew I would have to say goodbye in a couple of days . " The day before the termination , Billy Petersen found a red marker and drew a heart on his wife 's stomach . "  I knew our baby was in there , and I was showing him that I love him , " he said . "  It was our last night with him . " This kind of emotion is one of the reasons why the Department of Health has decided so far not to interview families like the Petersens . "  It 's very intrusive to start knocking on doors of people who 've had a pretty major trauma in their lives , " VanEenwyk said . "  That 's the lamest excuse I 've ever heard , " said Billy Petersen , reflecting the viewpoint of several families interviewed by CNN whose children have neural tube defects . "  We want to talk to them , " he said . "  We 'd do anything to help find out why our baby died and help other families . We do n't want anyone else to go through what we 've been through . " VanEenwyk said it 's not clear what investigators would ask these parents . The medical records review showed they had nothing obvious in common . "  Unless we really think we 're going to learn something that will help us prevent neural tube defects , we 've said that that 's not the route to go yet . " All the Petersens can do now is grieve without answers . A few weeks after they terminated the pregnancy , the couple found outthat their baby had been a boy . They named him Oliver Michael and got tattoos in his memory . Billy 's tattoo on his collarbone has a baby 's hand and the letters AIMH , for "  Always in my Heart . " Erin 's tattoo on the inside of her wrist has the same baby hand . "  Godspeed , " it reads . "  Sweet dreams . "	There has been a cluster in rural Washington
Erin and William Petersen almost did n't get the ultrasound . You do n't really need it , the doctor told them , but come on in if you like and have a look at your baby . They watched excitedly as the baby , just 12 weeks old , moved its hand across the screen . It looked like a wave hello to Mommy and Daddy . Excuse me , the technician said as she put down the ultrasound wand and headed toward the door . "  Is everything OK ? " the Petersens asked . "  No , " the technician answered and walked out of the room . Sky-high rate of a birth defect Nearly two years after the state of Washington was alerted to a possible cluster of babies born with severe birth defects , experts are speaking out , criticizing the state health department for not doing enough to save babies ' lives . For four years in a row , from 2010 through 2013 , the rate of babies born with a brain defect called anencephaly -- a type of neural tube defect -- in one rural area of Washington has been more than four times the national rate . The defect is always fatal . The Washington Department of Health has steadfastly refused to interview the parents of these babies and has failed to accept offers of help from world-renowned anencephaly experts . "  It really looks like they 're dragging their feet , " said Richard Finnell , a pediatric geneticist and birth defect expert at the University of Texas . He said that to find the cause of the cluster , state investigators need to speak with the parents of children with birth defects in the three-county area to see whether they might have something in common . But the state has not contacted these parents . "  This is the highest rate of anencephaly since a cluster in Texas back in the '90s , and they should get in there and figure it out . But they do n't seem very excited about it , " Finnell said . That Texas outbreak was found to be associated with moldy corn consumed by the mothers . A team of experts on this mold offered help to Washington investigators back in February but has n't received a response . "  We 're frustrated that they 're not moving more quickly to find the cause , " said Janee Gelineau-van Waes , one of the mold experts and an associate professor of pharmacology at the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska . The Washington Department of Health has defended its response to the high rate , pointing out that it did a review of the mothers ' medical records and , this month , created an advisory committee to help with the investigation . A state epidemiologist , Juliet VanEenwyk , said that at some point , investigators hope to work with the mold experts . If all of that is n't enough of a response , that 's partly because the state 's epidemiologists believe the increased rate could be random , VanEenwyk said . Though it is indeed high , the number of anencephaly cases is so small -- 8.7 per 10,000 births -- that next year , the rate could be back in line with the rest of the country . The national rate is 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . "  Clusters come and go , " said VanEenwyk . "  This could possibly be a statistical blip . " But Finnell and others say they think a fourfold increase is no blip . With anencephaly , the baby is born without a fully formed brain . There 's no chance of survival . Research has suggested that pregnant women are at higher risk of neural tube defects if their intake of folic acid is low before and during pregnancy . The United States has seen a 27 % drop in such case since it started fortifying grains with folic acid . ` The lamest excuse I 've ever heard ' When the ultrasound tech walked out the door , the Petersens were left alone , Erin 's stomach still exposed with the ultrasound gel on it . "  It 's OK , " her husband kept repeating , but Erin could n't even look at him . She just stared at the wall , listening to the sound of her own heart beating louder and louder . The tech returned with the doctor . "  He told us our baby had anencephaly and had no chance of survival . He was surprised he 'd made it this long , " Erin said . "  He went to the computer and brought up a picture of a deceased baby with anencephaly , and there was no skull past the eyebrows . It was horrifying . The image is seared into my head forever . " The Petersens scheduled a pregnancy termination for two days later , on June 30 , 2012 . In the meantime , they went home to wait . "  I was inconsolable , " Erin said . "  I had a baby inside me that was living , and his heart was beating , but I knew I would have to say goodbye in a couple of days . " The day before the termination , Billy Petersen found a red marker and drew a heart on his wife 's stomach . "  I knew our baby was in there , and I was showing him that I love him , " he said . "  It was our last night with him . " This kind of emotion is one of the reasons why the Department of Health has decided so far not to interview families like the Petersens . "  It 's very intrusive to start knocking on doors of people who 've had a pretty major trauma in their lives , " VanEenwyk said . "  That 's the lamest excuse I 've ever heard , " said Billy Petersen , reflecting the viewpoint of several families interviewed by CNN whose children have neural tube defects . "  We want to talk to them , " he said . "  We 'd do anything to help find out why our baby died and help other families . We do n't want anyone else to go through what we 've been through . " VanEenwyk said it 's not clear what investigators would ask these parents . The medical records review showed they had nothing obvious in common . "  Unless we really think we 're going to learn something that will help us prevent neural tube defects , we 've said that that 's not the route to go yet . " All the Petersens can do now is grieve without answers . A few weeks after they terminated the pregnancy , the couple found outthat their baby had been a boy . They named him Oliver Michael and got tattoos in his memory . Billy 's tattoo on his collarbone has a baby 's hand and the letters AIMH , for "  Always in my Heart . " Erin 's tattoo on the inside of her wrist has the same baby hand . "  Godspeed , " it reads . "  Sweet dreams . "	Experts are criticizing state health department
Erin and William Petersen almost did n't get the ultrasound . You do n't really need it , the doctor told them , but come on in if you like and have a look at your baby . They watched excitedly as the baby , just 12 weeks old , moved its hand across the screen . It looked like a wave hello to Mommy and Daddy . Excuse me , the technician said as she put down the ultrasound wand and headed toward the door . "  Is everything OK ? " the Petersens asked . "  No , " the technician answered and walked out of the room . Sky-high rate of a birth defect Nearly two years after the state of Washington was alerted to a possible cluster of babies born with severe birth defects , experts are speaking out , criticizing the state health department for not doing enough to save babies ' lives . For four years in a row , from 2010 through 2013 , the rate of babies born with a brain defect called anencephaly -- a type of neural tube defect -- in one rural area of Washington has been more than four times the national rate . The defect is always fatal . The Washington Department of Health has steadfastly refused to interview the parents of these babies and has failed to accept offers of help from world-renowned anencephaly experts . "  It really looks like they 're dragging their feet , " said Richard Finnell , a pediatric geneticist and birth defect expert at the University of Texas . He said that to find the cause of the cluster , state investigators need to speak with the parents of children with birth defects in the three-county area to see whether they might have something in common . But the state has not contacted these parents . "  This is the highest rate of anencephaly since a cluster in Texas back in the '90s , and they should get in there and figure it out . But they do n't seem very excited about it , " Finnell said . That Texas outbreak was found to be associated with moldy corn consumed by the mothers . A team of experts on this mold offered help to Washington investigators back in February but has n't received a response . "  We 're frustrated that they 're not moving more quickly to find the cause , " said Janee Gelineau-van Waes , one of the mold experts and an associate professor of pharmacology at the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska . The Washington Department of Health has defended its response to the high rate , pointing out that it did a review of the mothers ' medical records and , this month , created an advisory committee to help with the investigation . A state epidemiologist , Juliet VanEenwyk , said that at some point , investigators hope to work with the mold experts . If all of that is n't enough of a response , that 's partly because the state 's epidemiologists believe the increased rate could be random , VanEenwyk said . Though it is indeed high , the number of anencephaly cases is so small -- 8.7 per 10,000 births -- that next year , the rate could be back in line with the rest of the country . The national rate is 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . "  Clusters come and go , " said VanEenwyk . "  This could possibly be a statistical blip . " But Finnell and others say they think a fourfold increase is no blip . With anencephaly , the baby is born without a fully formed brain . There 's no chance of survival . Research has suggested that pregnant women are at higher risk of neural tube defects if their intake of folic acid is low before and during pregnancy . The United States has seen a 27 % drop in such case since it started fortifying grains with folic acid . ` The lamest excuse I 've ever heard ' When the ultrasound tech walked out the door , the Petersens were left alone , Erin 's stomach still exposed with the ultrasound gel on it . "  It 's OK , " her husband kept repeating , but Erin could n't even look at him . She just stared at the wall , listening to the sound of her own heart beating louder and louder . The tech returned with the doctor . "  He told us our baby had anencephaly and had no chance of survival . He was surprised he 'd made it this long , " Erin said . "  He went to the computer and brought up a picture of a deceased baby with anencephaly , and there was no skull past the eyebrows . It was horrifying . The image is seared into my head forever . " The Petersens scheduled a pregnancy termination for two days later , on June 30 , 2012 . In the meantime , they went home to wait . "  I was inconsolable , " Erin said . "  I had a baby inside me that was living , and his heart was beating , but I knew I would have to say goodbye in a couple of days . " The day before the termination , Billy Petersen found a red marker and drew a heart on his wife 's stomach . "  I knew our baby was in there , and I was showing him that I love him , " he said . "  It was our last night with him . " This kind of emotion is one of the reasons why the Department of Health has decided so far not to interview families like the Petersens . "  It 's very intrusive to start knocking on doors of people who 've had a pretty major trauma in their lives , " VanEenwyk said . "  That 's the lamest excuse I 've ever heard , " said Billy Petersen , reflecting the viewpoint of several families interviewed by CNN whose children have neural tube defects . "  We want to talk to them , " he said . "  We 'd do anything to help find out why our baby died and help other families . We do n't want anyone else to go through what we 've been through . " VanEenwyk said it 's not clear what investigators would ask these parents . The medical records review showed they had nothing obvious in common . "  Unless we really think we 're going to learn something that will help us prevent neural tube defects , we 've said that that 's not the route to go yet . " All the Petersens can do now is grieve without answers . A few weeks after they terminated the pregnancy , the couple found outthat their baby had been a boy . They named him Oliver Michael and got tattoos in his memory . Billy 's tattoo on his collarbone has a baby 's hand and the letters AIMH , for "  Always in my Heart . " Erin 's tattoo on the inside of her wrist has the same baby hand . "  Godspeed , " it reads . "  Sweet dreams . "	The health department has defended its response
Saira Murillo is just one of 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country who was specifically excluded from signing up for the Affordable Care Act , but it was n't until recently that she found a way around the system . "  I did n't realize that as a DACA recipient , I would also be eligible to receive health insurance . It was thanks to a professor who told me and other undocumented students about our eligibility for Medi-Cal , " Murillo told CNN en Español . Deferred status , or DACA , refers to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program enacted in 2012 . It grants some undocumented youths temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . "  States like California and New York have realized that because of their higher undocumented immigrant population , it makes more sense to offer preventative care regardless of legal status , " said Alvaro Huerta , staff attorney for the National Immigration Law Center . In the meantime , California , Washington state , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York and Washington , D.C. , offer health insurance to low-income individuals granted deferred status . It 's creative workaround of the ACA restrictions because the states are not using federal funds for the programs . "  Normally , someone with deferred action status would be considered lawfully present for all purposes on a federal level , which would mean that those DACA grantees would 've been included in the ACA except that was changed about two months after the DACA program was announced , " Huerta said . The administration still has time to reverse the rule because it have n't released a finalized rule , Huerta added . ` Deferred status ' still means no federal health insurance No access to those federal tax credits Being DACA grantees also means that in addition to being given a valid Social Security number and the chance to get a driver 's license , they are also given a work permit , on which they pay state and federal taxes . But because of the rule change , they are n't eligible for federal tax credits that help make private insurance affordable in the insurance marketplaces . Even though they 're a part of the workforce , the DACA program was not intended to provide federal financial assistance for health care . "  Instead , DACA is designed to ensure that governmental resources for the removal of individuals are focused on high priority cases , including those involving a danger to national security or a risk to public safety , " an administration official from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told CNN . The justification to not include DACA grantees is still unclear to Huerta , especially since the Obama administration fought to keep them from being deported . "  This particular undocumented youth population calls America home , is ready and willing to work hard , but what happens if they get sick ? Their options are limited and expensive , " Huerta said . As it stands , the existing welfare reform law requires immigrants to have legal status and wait five years before they can qualify for federal income-based benefits such as Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program . That 's why U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced a bill that would make legal immigrants and DACA grantees immediately eligible for health insurance . "  Although they pay taxes , more than 600,000 legal permanent residents are restricted from receiving federal health care benefits , " the New Mexico Democrat said in a news release . "  This lack of access leads to more visits to emergency rooms , where immigrants are forced to pay as much as $ 1,200 to treat common ailments like the flu and upper respiratory infections . " Critics : Health care access would increase illegal immigration Critics such as Media Director Ira Mehlman of the The Federation for American Immigration Reform argue that providing health care services would encourage more illegal immigration . "  County hospitals are overwhelmed with uninsured people , and they 've been forced to come up with more money to accommodate these people -- largely because they 've encouraged them to come in , " Mehlman said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times . Right now , the only other ways DACA grantees can receive health insurance is from their employer , being a spouse 's dependent , going to a community clinic or purchasing it on their own outside the exchange , paying the entire premium . Huerta hopes the National Immigration Law Center 's recommendation to allow DACA to take part in Obamacare will be taken into consideration . "  It makes financial and practical sense to include DACA grantees in the ACA , " Huerta said . "  It would increase the pool that 's eligible for exchanges by adding generally young , healthy immigrants , and that would decrease health insurance costs for all of us . " If done , it could help as many as 1.7 million immigrant youths eligible for DACA status that are n't fortunate enough to live in states such as New York or California . New York City to issue ID cards to undocumented residents Many people are unaware of their eligibility for the California Medicaid welfare program and , according to a study by the UC Berkeley Labor Center , 125,000 more immigrant youths in California with deferred action status are eligible for the program . And an estimated 1 million undocumented Californians remain uninsured since the ACA went into effect this year and , according to a UCLA study , "  71 % of uninsured immigrant youth have an existing need to access a doctor or specialist about their own health ; however , 53 % stated that they have n't seen a doctor for more than a year . " Murillo said she felt constant pressure to stay healthy before she found out about her Medi-Cal eligibility . "  Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me . Whenever I got sick , my mom would have to make me home remedies to help me get better , " Murillo said . While home remedies might provide some relief , it 's still considered Band-Aid care , which means people are more likely to turn to the most expensive option -- the emergency room . The UCLA study also found that 74 % of California 's immigrant youths report they 've received services from public safety-net programs , such as emergency Medi-Cal , public hospitals and community or county health clinics .	Administration official : DACA was never intended to provide federal assistance
Saira Murillo is just one of 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country who was specifically excluded from signing up for the Affordable Care Act , but it was n't until recently that she found a way around the system . "  I did n't realize that as a DACA recipient , I would also be eligible to receive health insurance . It was thanks to a professor who told me and other undocumented students about our eligibility for Medi-Cal , " Murillo told CNN en Español . Deferred status , or DACA , refers to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program enacted in 2012 . It grants some undocumented youths temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . "  States like California and New York have realized that because of their higher undocumented immigrant population , it makes more sense to offer preventative care regardless of legal status , " said Alvaro Huerta , staff attorney for the National Immigration Law Center . In the meantime , California , Washington state , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York and Washington , D.C. , offer health insurance to low-income individuals granted deferred status . It 's creative workaround of the ACA restrictions because the states are not using federal funds for the programs . "  Normally , someone with deferred action status would be considered lawfully present for all purposes on a federal level , which would mean that those DACA grantees would 've been included in the ACA except that was changed about two months after the DACA program was announced , " Huerta said . The administration still has time to reverse the rule because it have n't released a finalized rule , Huerta added . ` Deferred status ' still means no federal health insurance No access to those federal tax credits Being DACA grantees also means that in addition to being given a valid Social Security number and the chance to get a driver 's license , they are also given a work permit , on which they pay state and federal taxes . But because of the rule change , they are n't eligible for federal tax credits that help make private insurance affordable in the insurance marketplaces . Even though they 're a part of the workforce , the DACA program was not intended to provide federal financial assistance for health care . "  Instead , DACA is designed to ensure that governmental resources for the removal of individuals are focused on high priority cases , including those involving a danger to national security or a risk to public safety , " an administration official from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told CNN . The justification to not include DACA grantees is still unclear to Huerta , especially since the Obama administration fought to keep them from being deported . "  This particular undocumented youth population calls America home , is ready and willing to work hard , but what happens if they get sick ? Their options are limited and expensive , " Huerta said . As it stands , the existing welfare reform law requires immigrants to have legal status and wait five years before they can qualify for federal income-based benefits such as Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program . That 's why U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced a bill that would make legal immigrants and DACA grantees immediately eligible for health insurance . "  Although they pay taxes , more than 600,000 legal permanent residents are restricted from receiving federal health care benefits , " the New Mexico Democrat said in a news release . "  This lack of access leads to more visits to emergency rooms , where immigrants are forced to pay as much as $ 1,200 to treat common ailments like the flu and upper respiratory infections . " Critics : Health care access would increase illegal immigration Critics such as Media Director Ira Mehlman of the The Federation for American Immigration Reform argue that providing health care services would encourage more illegal immigration . "  County hospitals are overwhelmed with uninsured people , and they 've been forced to come up with more money to accommodate these people -- largely because they 've encouraged them to come in , " Mehlman said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times . Right now , the only other ways DACA grantees can receive health insurance is from their employer , being a spouse 's dependent , going to a community clinic or purchasing it on their own outside the exchange , paying the entire premium . Huerta hopes the National Immigration Law Center 's recommendation to allow DACA to take part in Obamacare will be taken into consideration . "  It makes financial and practical sense to include DACA grantees in the ACA , " Huerta said . "  It would increase the pool that 's eligible for exchanges by adding generally young , healthy immigrants , and that would decrease health insurance costs for all of us . " If done , it could help as many as 1.7 million immigrant youths eligible for DACA status that are n't fortunate enough to live in states such as New York or California . New York City to issue ID cards to undocumented residents Many people are unaware of their eligibility for the California Medicaid welfare program and , according to a study by the UC Berkeley Labor Center , 125,000 more immigrant youths in California with deferred action status are eligible for the program . And an estimated 1 million undocumented Californians remain uninsured since the ACA went into effect this year and , according to a UCLA study , "  71 % of uninsured immigrant youth have an existing need to access a doctor or specialist about their own health ; however , 53 % stated that they have n't seen a doctor for more than a year . " Murillo said she felt constant pressure to stay healthy before she found out about her Medi-Cal eligibility . "  Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me . Whenever I got sick , my mom would have to make me home remedies to help me get better , " Murillo said . While home remedies might provide some relief , it 's still considered Band-Aid care , which means people are more likely to turn to the most expensive option -- the emergency room . The UCLA study also found that 74 % of California 's immigrant youths report they 've received services from public safety-net programs , such as emergency Medi-Cal , public hospitals and community or county health clinics .	Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced bill to give legal immigrants health insurance
Saira Murillo is just one of 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country who was specifically excluded from signing up for the Affordable Care Act , but it was n't until recently that she found a way around the system . "  I did n't realize that as a DACA recipient , I would also be eligible to receive health insurance . It was thanks to a professor who told me and other undocumented students about our eligibility for Medi-Cal , " Murillo told CNN en Español . Deferred status , or DACA , refers to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program enacted in 2012 . It grants some undocumented youths temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . "  States like California and New York have realized that because of their higher undocumented immigrant population , it makes more sense to offer preventative care regardless of legal status , " said Alvaro Huerta , staff attorney for the National Immigration Law Center . In the meantime , California , Washington state , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York and Washington , D.C. , offer health insurance to low-income individuals granted deferred status . It 's creative workaround of the ACA restrictions because the states are not using federal funds for the programs . "  Normally , someone with deferred action status would be considered lawfully present for all purposes on a federal level , which would mean that those DACA grantees would 've been included in the ACA except that was changed about two months after the DACA program was announced , " Huerta said . The administration still has time to reverse the rule because it have n't released a finalized rule , Huerta added . ` Deferred status ' still means no federal health insurance No access to those federal tax credits Being DACA grantees also means that in addition to being given a valid Social Security number and the chance to get a driver 's license , they are also given a work permit , on which they pay state and federal taxes . But because of the rule change , they are n't eligible for federal tax credits that help make private insurance affordable in the insurance marketplaces . Even though they 're a part of the workforce , the DACA program was not intended to provide federal financial assistance for health care . "  Instead , DACA is designed to ensure that governmental resources for the removal of individuals are focused on high priority cases , including those involving a danger to national security or a risk to public safety , " an administration official from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told CNN . The justification to not include DACA grantees is still unclear to Huerta , especially since the Obama administration fought to keep them from being deported . "  This particular undocumented youth population calls America home , is ready and willing to work hard , but what happens if they get sick ? Their options are limited and expensive , " Huerta said . As it stands , the existing welfare reform law requires immigrants to have legal status and wait five years before they can qualify for federal income-based benefits such as Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program . That 's why U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced a bill that would make legal immigrants and DACA grantees immediately eligible for health insurance . "  Although they pay taxes , more than 600,000 legal permanent residents are restricted from receiving federal health care benefits , " the New Mexico Democrat said in a news release . "  This lack of access leads to more visits to emergency rooms , where immigrants are forced to pay as much as $ 1,200 to treat common ailments like the flu and upper respiratory infections . " Critics : Health care access would increase illegal immigration Critics such as Media Director Ira Mehlman of the The Federation for American Immigration Reform argue that providing health care services would encourage more illegal immigration . "  County hospitals are overwhelmed with uninsured people , and they 've been forced to come up with more money to accommodate these people -- largely because they 've encouraged them to come in , " Mehlman said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times . Right now , the only other ways DACA grantees can receive health insurance is from their employer , being a spouse 's dependent , going to a community clinic or purchasing it on their own outside the exchange , paying the entire premium . Huerta hopes the National Immigration Law Center 's recommendation to allow DACA to take part in Obamacare will be taken into consideration . "  It makes financial and practical sense to include DACA grantees in the ACA , " Huerta said . "  It would increase the pool that 's eligible for exchanges by adding generally young , healthy immigrants , and that would decrease health insurance costs for all of us . " If done , it could help as many as 1.7 million immigrant youths eligible for DACA status that are n't fortunate enough to live in states such as New York or California . New York City to issue ID cards to undocumented residents Many people are unaware of their eligibility for the California Medicaid welfare program and , according to a study by the UC Berkeley Labor Center , 125,000 more immigrant youths in California with deferred action status are eligible for the program . And an estimated 1 million undocumented Californians remain uninsured since the ACA went into effect this year and , according to a UCLA study , "  71 % of uninsured immigrant youth have an existing need to access a doctor or specialist about their own health ; however , 53 % stated that they have n't seen a doctor for more than a year . " Murillo said she felt constant pressure to stay healthy before she found out about her Medi-Cal eligibility . "  Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me . Whenever I got sick , my mom would have to make me home remedies to help me get better , " Murillo said . While home remedies might provide some relief , it 's still considered Band-Aid care , which means people are more likely to turn to the most expensive option -- the emergency room . The UCLA study also found that 74 % of California 's immigrant youths report they 've received services from public safety-net programs , such as emergency Medi-Cal , public hospitals and community or county health clinics .	Some say services for undocumented immigrants would encourage illegal immigration
Saira Murillo is just one of 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country who was specifically excluded from signing up for the Affordable Care Act , but it was n't until recently that she found a way around the system . "  I did n't realize that as a DACA recipient , I would also be eligible to receive health insurance . It was thanks to a professor who told me and other undocumented students about our eligibility for Medi-Cal , " Murillo told CNN en Español . Deferred status , or DACA , refers to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program enacted in 2012 . It grants some undocumented youths temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . "  States like California and New York have realized that because of their higher undocumented immigrant population , it makes more sense to offer preventative care regardless of legal status , " said Alvaro Huerta , staff attorney for the National Immigration Law Center . In the meantime , California , Washington state , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York and Washington , D.C. , offer health insurance to low-income individuals granted deferred status . It 's creative workaround of the ACA restrictions because the states are not using federal funds for the programs . "  Normally , someone with deferred action status would be considered lawfully present for all purposes on a federal level , which would mean that those DACA grantees would 've been included in the ACA except that was changed about two months after the DACA program was announced , " Huerta said . The administration still has time to reverse the rule because it have n't released a finalized rule , Huerta added . ` Deferred status ' still means no federal health insurance No access to those federal tax credits Being DACA grantees also means that in addition to being given a valid Social Security number and the chance to get a driver 's license , they are also given a work permit , on which they pay state and federal taxes . But because of the rule change , they are n't eligible for federal tax credits that help make private insurance affordable in the insurance marketplaces . Even though they 're a part of the workforce , the DACA program was not intended to provide federal financial assistance for health care . "  Instead , DACA is designed to ensure that governmental resources for the removal of individuals are focused on high priority cases , including those involving a danger to national security or a risk to public safety , " an administration official from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told CNN . The justification to not include DACA grantees is still unclear to Huerta , especially since the Obama administration fought to keep them from being deported . "  This particular undocumented youth population calls America home , is ready and willing to work hard , but what happens if they get sick ? Their options are limited and expensive , " Huerta said . As it stands , the existing welfare reform law requires immigrants to have legal status and wait five years before they can qualify for federal income-based benefits such as Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program . That 's why U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced a bill that would make legal immigrants and DACA grantees immediately eligible for health insurance . "  Although they pay taxes , more than 600,000 legal permanent residents are restricted from receiving federal health care benefits , " the New Mexico Democrat said in a news release . "  This lack of access leads to more visits to emergency rooms , where immigrants are forced to pay as much as $ 1,200 to treat common ailments like the flu and upper respiratory infections . " Critics : Health care access would increase illegal immigration Critics such as Media Director Ira Mehlman of the The Federation for American Immigration Reform argue that providing health care services would encourage more illegal immigration . "  County hospitals are overwhelmed with uninsured people , and they 've been forced to come up with more money to accommodate these people -- largely because they 've encouraged them to come in , " Mehlman said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times . Right now , the only other ways DACA grantees can receive health insurance is from their employer , being a spouse 's dependent , going to a community clinic or purchasing it on their own outside the exchange , paying the entire premium . Huerta hopes the National Immigration Law Center 's recommendation to allow DACA to take part in Obamacare will be taken into consideration . "  It makes financial and practical sense to include DACA grantees in the ACA , " Huerta said . "  It would increase the pool that 's eligible for exchanges by adding generally young , healthy immigrants , and that would decrease health insurance costs for all of us . " If done , it could help as many as 1.7 million immigrant youths eligible for DACA status that are n't fortunate enough to live in states such as New York or California . New York City to issue ID cards to undocumented residents Many people are unaware of their eligibility for the California Medicaid welfare program and , according to a study by the UC Berkeley Labor Center , 125,000 more immigrant youths in California with deferred action status are eligible for the program . And an estimated 1 million undocumented Californians remain uninsured since the ACA went into effect this year and , according to a UCLA study , "  71 % of uninsured immigrant youth have an existing need to access a doctor or specialist about their own health ; however , 53 % stated that they have n't seen a doctor for more than a year . " Murillo said she felt constant pressure to stay healthy before she found out about her Medi-Cal eligibility . "  Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me . Whenever I got sick , my mom would have to make me home remedies to help me get better , " Murillo said . While home remedies might provide some relief , it 's still considered Band-Aid care , which means people are more likely to turn to the most expensive option -- the emergency room . The UCLA study also found that 74 % of California 's immigrant youths report they 've received services from public safety-net programs , such as emergency Medi-Cal , public hospitals and community or county health clinics .	"  Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me . I 've relied on home remedies "
Washington  CNN  -- When Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed some of the country 's toughest abortion restrictions into law on Thursday , his state joined a growing number of those strategically pushing the limits of federal abortion rights that have been in place for 40 years . "  In signing House Bill 2 today , we ... cement the culture of life , which Texas is built upon , " Perry said during the signing ceremony . "  Children do deserve the respect of simple recognition before their lives are cut tragically short . " His reference to the "  culture of life " was no coincidence . Nor was the bill becoming law . Perry signs abortion bill into law As the nation focused on a Republican takeover of the U.S. House during the 2010 midterm elections , an even bigger conservative revolution was taking place in the states : one that , three years later , is having big implications for state legislative battles over reproductive rights . In 2010 , the GOP gained the majority of governorships , and one-fifth of the nation 's state legislatures switched to complete Republican control , according to data from the National Conference of State Legislatures . Before the 2010 election , 14 state legislatures were Republican-controlled . After those elections , the GOP controlled 24 statehouses , according to the data . The partisan shift took place in such states as North Carolina , Ohio and Wisconsin , some of the very states that have since pushed some of the nation 's most stringent abortion regulations . In Texas , Perry won re-election , and Republicans made major gains in the statehouse , which netted that party full control of state government . While most of the candidates ran on conservative economic rather than social platforms , such views tend to be part of "  part of the candidate 's profile , " said Mary Spaulding Balch , director of the department of state legislation for the National Right to Life organization . In the states , there has been a trend of gaining "  support in the elections where they are electing pro-life legislators , and the legislation is passing by a greater margin , " she said . Those gains were coupled with a concerted effort by anti-abortion groups -- which since the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court Roe v. Wade decision had been stymied at the federal level -- to turn to the state level to push and pass legislation favorable to their cause , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at the Guttmacher Institute , which supports abortion rights . "  It was this perfect storm to enact abortion restrictions , " Nash said . New laws flout -- or use -- Roe v. Wade provisions in restricting abortions The effects are being felt across the country . In Texas , the new law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates that abortion clinics become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . As it wended its way through the statehouse , the measure resulted in a high-profile showdown , and Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis undertook an 11-hour filibuster to try to block its passage . In North Carolina , the House of Representatives passed a measure placing requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit and prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . Ohio 's Republican governor , John Kasich , recently signed into law a state budget that includes measures that will require ultrasounds for anyone seeking an abortion and limit abortion clinics from transferring patients to public hospitals . If they need more care after a procedure , patients will now have to seek out a private hospital . The budget will also make it more difficult for family planning groups in the Buckeye State to obtain funding for preventive care . And it puts Planned Parenthood behind clinics that do n't provide abortions when it comes to obtaining state funding . In Wisconsin , a federal judge recently granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new law banning doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 miles of their practice . Ultimately , anti-abortion advocates hope that some of the recently passed state legislation will force the Supreme Court to revisit issues addressed in Roe v. Wade . "  I think that 's what they 're angling for ... getting the Supreme Court to reconsider it , " said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . Anti-abortion groups acknowledge as much and point to such issues as the medically controversial language in several state bills stating that a fetus feels pain after 20 weeks . Courts in several states have blocked measures containing this language . "  If the laws were challenged and made its way to the court , we would argue the court has never looked at these issues before , " Spaulding Balch said . Four decades after Roe : A legacy of law and morality CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	States are increasingly passing restrictive abortion laws
Washington  CNN  -- When Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed some of the country 's toughest abortion restrictions into law on Thursday , his state joined a growing number of those strategically pushing the limits of federal abortion rights that have been in place for 40 years . "  In signing House Bill 2 today , we ... cement the culture of life , which Texas is built upon , " Perry said during the signing ceremony . "  Children do deserve the respect of simple recognition before their lives are cut tragically short . " His reference to the "  culture of life " was no coincidence . Nor was the bill becoming law . Perry signs abortion bill into law As the nation focused on a Republican takeover of the U.S. House during the 2010 midterm elections , an even bigger conservative revolution was taking place in the states : one that , three years later , is having big implications for state legislative battles over reproductive rights . In 2010 , the GOP gained the majority of governorships , and one-fifth of the nation 's state legislatures switched to complete Republican control , according to data from the National Conference of State Legislatures . Before the 2010 election , 14 state legislatures were Republican-controlled . After those elections , the GOP controlled 24 statehouses , according to the data . The partisan shift took place in such states as North Carolina , Ohio and Wisconsin , some of the very states that have since pushed some of the nation 's most stringent abortion regulations . In Texas , Perry won re-election , and Republicans made major gains in the statehouse , which netted that party full control of state government . While most of the candidates ran on conservative economic rather than social platforms , such views tend to be part of "  part of the candidate 's profile , " said Mary Spaulding Balch , director of the department of state legislation for the National Right to Life organization . In the states , there has been a trend of gaining "  support in the elections where they are electing pro-life legislators , and the legislation is passing by a greater margin , " she said . Those gains were coupled with a concerted effort by anti-abortion groups -- which since the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court Roe v. Wade decision had been stymied at the federal level -- to turn to the state level to push and pass legislation favorable to their cause , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at the Guttmacher Institute , which supports abortion rights . "  It was this perfect storm to enact abortion restrictions , " Nash said . New laws flout -- or use -- Roe v. Wade provisions in restricting abortions The effects are being felt across the country . In Texas , the new law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates that abortion clinics become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . As it wended its way through the statehouse , the measure resulted in a high-profile showdown , and Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis undertook an 11-hour filibuster to try to block its passage . In North Carolina , the House of Representatives passed a measure placing requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit and prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . Ohio 's Republican governor , John Kasich , recently signed into law a state budget that includes measures that will require ultrasounds for anyone seeking an abortion and limit abortion clinics from transferring patients to public hospitals . If they need more care after a procedure , patients will now have to seek out a private hospital . The budget will also make it more difficult for family planning groups in the Buckeye State to obtain funding for preventive care . And it puts Planned Parenthood behind clinics that do n't provide abortions when it comes to obtaining state funding . In Wisconsin , a federal judge recently granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new law banning doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 miles of their practice . Ultimately , anti-abortion advocates hope that some of the recently passed state legislation will force the Supreme Court to revisit issues addressed in Roe v. Wade . "  I think that 's what they 're angling for ... getting the Supreme Court to reconsider it , " said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . Anti-abortion groups acknowledge as much and point to such issues as the medically controversial language in several state bills stating that a fetus feels pain after 20 weeks . Courts in several states have blocked measures containing this language . "  If the laws were challenged and made its way to the court , we would argue the court has never looked at these issues before , " Spaulding Balch said . Four decades after Roe : A legacy of law and morality CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Increase is due to larger number of conservative-controlled statehouses , governorships
Washington  CNN  -- When Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed some of the country 's toughest abortion restrictions into law on Thursday , his state joined a growing number of those strategically pushing the limits of federal abortion rights that have been in place for 40 years . "  In signing House Bill 2 today , we ... cement the culture of life , which Texas is built upon , " Perry said during the signing ceremony . "  Children do deserve the respect of simple recognition before their lives are cut tragically short . " His reference to the "  culture of life " was no coincidence . Nor was the bill becoming law . Perry signs abortion bill into law As the nation focused on a Republican takeover of the U.S. House during the 2010 midterm elections , an even bigger conservative revolution was taking place in the states : one that , three years later , is having big implications for state legislative battles over reproductive rights . In 2010 , the GOP gained the majority of governorships , and one-fifth of the nation 's state legislatures switched to complete Republican control , according to data from the National Conference of State Legislatures . Before the 2010 election , 14 state legislatures were Republican-controlled . After those elections , the GOP controlled 24 statehouses , according to the data . The partisan shift took place in such states as North Carolina , Ohio and Wisconsin , some of the very states that have since pushed some of the nation 's most stringent abortion regulations . In Texas , Perry won re-election , and Republicans made major gains in the statehouse , which netted that party full control of state government . While most of the candidates ran on conservative economic rather than social platforms , such views tend to be part of "  part of the candidate 's profile , " said Mary Spaulding Balch , director of the department of state legislation for the National Right to Life organization . In the states , there has been a trend of gaining "  support in the elections where they are electing pro-life legislators , and the legislation is passing by a greater margin , " she said . Those gains were coupled with a concerted effort by anti-abortion groups -- which since the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court Roe v. Wade decision had been stymied at the federal level -- to turn to the state level to push and pass legislation favorable to their cause , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at the Guttmacher Institute , which supports abortion rights . "  It was this perfect storm to enact abortion restrictions , " Nash said . New laws flout -- or use -- Roe v. Wade provisions in restricting abortions The effects are being felt across the country . In Texas , the new law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates that abortion clinics become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . As it wended its way through the statehouse , the measure resulted in a high-profile showdown , and Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis undertook an 11-hour filibuster to try to block its passage . In North Carolina , the House of Representatives passed a measure placing requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit and prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . Ohio 's Republican governor , John Kasich , recently signed into law a state budget that includes measures that will require ultrasounds for anyone seeking an abortion and limit abortion clinics from transferring patients to public hospitals . If they need more care after a procedure , patients will now have to seek out a private hospital . The budget will also make it more difficult for family planning groups in the Buckeye State to obtain funding for preventive care . And it puts Planned Parenthood behind clinics that do n't provide abortions when it comes to obtaining state funding . In Wisconsin , a federal judge recently granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new law banning doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 miles of their practice . Ultimately , anti-abortion advocates hope that some of the recently passed state legislation will force the Supreme Court to revisit issues addressed in Roe v. Wade . "  I think that 's what they 're angling for ... getting the Supreme Court to reconsider it , " said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . Anti-abortion groups acknowledge as much and point to such issues as the medically controversial language in several state bills stating that a fetus feels pain after 20 weeks . Courts in several states have blocked measures containing this language . "  If the laws were challenged and made its way to the court , we would argue the court has never looked at these issues before , " Spaulding Balch said . Four decades after Roe : A legacy of law and morality CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Goal is to use possible challenge to state law to get Supreme Court to revisit Roe v. Wade
CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . U.S. authorities issued a warrant for his arrest in 1978 . He was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . Polanski , 76 , has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the U.S. . He declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . "  Roman Polanski , who is one of the greatest film directors of all time , would have been honored for his life 's work in Zurich today , " the film festival said in a statement . "  However yesterday , on Saturday , he was taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978 . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	NEW : Extradition can be fought in court , Swiss Justice Ministry says
CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . U.S. authorities issued a warrant for his arrest in 1978 . He was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . Polanski , 76 , has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the U.S. . He declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . "  Roman Polanski , who is one of the greatest film directors of all time , would have been honored for his life 's work in Zurich today , " the film festival said in a statement . "  However yesterday , on Saturday , he was taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978 . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	In 1977 Polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl
CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . U.S. authorities issued a warrant for his arrest in 1978 . He was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . Polanski , 76 , has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the U.S. . He declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . "  Roman Polanski , who is one of the greatest film directors of all time , would have been honored for his life 's work in Zurich today , " the film festival said in a statement . "  However yesterday , on Saturday , he was taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978 . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Oscar winner was en route to Zurich Film Festival , which was honoring him
CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . U.S. authorities issued a warrant for his arrest in 1978 . He was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . Polanski , 76 , has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the U.S. . He declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . "  Roman Polanski , who is one of the greatest film directors of all time , would have been honored for his life 's work in Zurich today , " the film festival said in a statement . "  However yesterday , on Saturday , he was taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978 . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Polanski won Oscar for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he directed
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday a closed Texas food processing plant tested positive for a bacteria that has been linked to the deaths of four people . The Texas Department of State Health Services on October 20 ordered SanGar Fresh Cut Produce to immediately stop processing food and recall all products shipped from its San Antonio plant since January . The move came after state laboratory results showed Listeria monocytogenes , a bacteria that can cause severe illness , in chopped celery at the plant . Four people died when they contracted listeriosis after consuming celery that had been processed at the SanGar plant , said Carrie Williams , a department spokeswoman . State health authorities came to this determination while investigating 10 cases in which people with serious underlying health problems contracted listeriosis over an 8-month period . Six of those cases -- in Bexar , Travis and Hidalgo counties -- were linked to chopped celery processed at the SanGar plant , the state health services department said . Four of those people died , as did one other person who authorities believe got listeriosis from another source not connected with SanGar products . The FDA inspected the company 's premises and said it issued a summary of its findings to the company on October 26 . It said it found the bacteria in processed celery and in multiple locations in the plant , including food contact surfaces . The listeria found in samples "  matches the DNA fingerprint of the clinical cases of listeriosis reported by the Texas Department of State Health Services , " the FDA said in a statement . SanGar had independent Quanta Lab of Selma , Texas , test the plant for listeria . Results came back negative , SanGar attorney Jason Galvan told CNN . "  The FDA and the state have not turned over to us the documentation supporting their findings , " Galvan said . "  We can not comment on these most recent findings until the documentation is provided for independent evaluation by our experts . " Still , the company in recent weeks brought in an independent listeria expert to look at protocols , said Galvan . The entire facility , including its machines , were cleaned , said Galvan . About 100 SanGar workers have been idled by the plant closing , and the company needs to reopen soon if it is to survive , Galvan said . A November 17 administrative hearing on its status is scheduled , and SanGar is working with the agencies on reopening , he said . "  We 're pretty optimistic about having the company up and running before the hearing , " the attorney said . "  We 're not going the litigation route . " In October , SanGar denied wrongdoing , saying it has had "  an excellent record of safety and health " over the past three years . State health inspectors said they believe the bacteria found in the chopped celery may have contaminated other products at the company 's plant . SanGar processes a wide variety of products -- including three varieties of lettuce , peppers , carrots , cucumbers and various cut-up fruit , as well as salad , fruit and soup mixes , according to the company 's website . They are distributed primarily in sealed packages to restaurants , hospitals , schools and other large institutions that serve food . Besides the bacteria , inspectors found a condensation leak above a food product area , dirt on a food-preparation table , and hand-washing problems at the San Antonio plant , the state health department said . The FDA said Wednesday inspectors found several other problems , including hoses making contact with food , bagged carrots being stored on a wet floor , a lack of adequate drainage areas , foods not being stored at the proper temperature and a failure to safely clean utensils and equipment . Listeria monocytogenes is a bacterium found in the soil , in water and in animals that carry it without showing signs they are sick , according to the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can get into vegetables from soil or manure that is used as fertilizer . The strain of bacteria is relatively resilient -- with an incubation period of three to 70 days , Williams said -- and some foods can be contaminated after cooking but prior to packaging . The bacteria have been tied to listeriosis , which sickens about 2,500 Americans and contributes to the death of 500 people annually , the CDC reports . The Texas health department is taking the lead in the investigation , with assistance from the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC . The state justified its closure of the SanGar plant , citing Texas law that authorizes such actions if conditions pose "  an immediate and serious threat to human life or health . "	FDA says lab results at Texas plant tested positive for listeria
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday a closed Texas food processing plant tested positive for a bacteria that has been linked to the deaths of four people . The Texas Department of State Health Services on October 20 ordered SanGar Fresh Cut Produce to immediately stop processing food and recall all products shipped from its San Antonio plant since January . The move came after state laboratory results showed Listeria monocytogenes , a bacteria that can cause severe illness , in chopped celery at the plant . Four people died when they contracted listeriosis after consuming celery that had been processed at the SanGar plant , said Carrie Williams , a department spokeswoman . State health authorities came to this determination while investigating 10 cases in which people with serious underlying health problems contracted listeriosis over an 8-month period . Six of those cases -- in Bexar , Travis and Hidalgo counties -- were linked to chopped celery processed at the SanGar plant , the state health services department said . Four of those people died , as did one other person who authorities believe got listeriosis from another source not connected with SanGar products . The FDA inspected the company 's premises and said it issued a summary of its findings to the company on October 26 . It said it found the bacteria in processed celery and in multiple locations in the plant , including food contact surfaces . The listeria found in samples "  matches the DNA fingerprint of the clinical cases of listeriosis reported by the Texas Department of State Health Services , " the FDA said in a statement . SanGar had independent Quanta Lab of Selma , Texas , test the plant for listeria . Results came back negative , SanGar attorney Jason Galvan told CNN . "  The FDA and the state have not turned over to us the documentation supporting their findings , " Galvan said . "  We can not comment on these most recent findings until the documentation is provided for independent evaluation by our experts . " Still , the company in recent weeks brought in an independent listeria expert to look at protocols , said Galvan . The entire facility , including its machines , were cleaned , said Galvan . About 100 SanGar workers have been idled by the plant closing , and the company needs to reopen soon if it is to survive , Galvan said . A November 17 administrative hearing on its status is scheduled , and SanGar is working with the agencies on reopening , he said . "  We 're pretty optimistic about having the company up and running before the hearing , " the attorney said . "  We 're not going the litigation route . " In October , SanGar denied wrongdoing , saying it has had "  an excellent record of safety and health " over the past three years . State health inspectors said they believe the bacteria found in the chopped celery may have contaminated other products at the company 's plant . SanGar processes a wide variety of products -- including three varieties of lettuce , peppers , carrots , cucumbers and various cut-up fruit , as well as salad , fruit and soup mixes , according to the company 's website . They are distributed primarily in sealed packages to restaurants , hospitals , schools and other large institutions that serve food . Besides the bacteria , inspectors found a condensation leak above a food product area , dirt on a food-preparation table , and hand-washing problems at the San Antonio plant , the state health department said . The FDA said Wednesday inspectors found several other problems , including hoses making contact with food , bagged carrots being stored on a wet floor , a lack of adequate drainage areas , foods not being stored at the proper temperature and a failure to safely clean utensils and equipment . Listeria monocytogenes is a bacterium found in the soil , in water and in animals that carry it without showing signs they are sick , according to the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can get into vegetables from soil or manure that is used as fertilizer . The strain of bacteria is relatively resilient -- with an incubation period of three to 70 days , Williams said -- and some foods can be contaminated after cooking but prior to packaging . The bacteria have been tied to listeriosis , which sickens about 2,500 Americans and contributes to the death of 500 people annually , the CDC reports . The Texas health department is taking the lead in the investigation , with assistance from the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC . The state justified its closure of the SanGar plant , citing Texas law that authorizes such actions if conditions pose "  an immediate and serious threat to human life or health . "	Four people died after eating celery processed at Sangar plant , officials say
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday a closed Texas food processing plant tested positive for a bacteria that has been linked to the deaths of four people . The Texas Department of State Health Services on October 20 ordered SanGar Fresh Cut Produce to immediately stop processing food and recall all products shipped from its San Antonio plant since January . The move came after state laboratory results showed Listeria monocytogenes , a bacteria that can cause severe illness , in chopped celery at the plant . Four people died when they contracted listeriosis after consuming celery that had been processed at the SanGar plant , said Carrie Williams , a department spokeswoman . State health authorities came to this determination while investigating 10 cases in which people with serious underlying health problems contracted listeriosis over an 8-month period . Six of those cases -- in Bexar , Travis and Hidalgo counties -- were linked to chopped celery processed at the SanGar plant , the state health services department said . Four of those people died , as did one other person who authorities believe got listeriosis from another source not connected with SanGar products . The FDA inspected the company 's premises and said it issued a summary of its findings to the company on October 26 . It said it found the bacteria in processed celery and in multiple locations in the plant , including food contact surfaces . The listeria found in samples "  matches the DNA fingerprint of the clinical cases of listeriosis reported by the Texas Department of State Health Services , " the FDA said in a statement . SanGar had independent Quanta Lab of Selma , Texas , test the plant for listeria . Results came back negative , SanGar attorney Jason Galvan told CNN . "  The FDA and the state have not turned over to us the documentation supporting their findings , " Galvan said . "  We can not comment on these most recent findings until the documentation is provided for independent evaluation by our experts . " Still , the company in recent weeks brought in an independent listeria expert to look at protocols , said Galvan . The entire facility , including its machines , were cleaned , said Galvan . About 100 SanGar workers have been idled by the plant closing , and the company needs to reopen soon if it is to survive , Galvan said . A November 17 administrative hearing on its status is scheduled , and SanGar is working with the agencies on reopening , he said . "  We 're pretty optimistic about having the company up and running before the hearing , " the attorney said . "  We 're not going the litigation route . " In October , SanGar denied wrongdoing , saying it has had "  an excellent record of safety and health " over the past three years . State health inspectors said they believe the bacteria found in the chopped celery may have contaminated other products at the company 's plant . SanGar processes a wide variety of products -- including three varieties of lettuce , peppers , carrots , cucumbers and various cut-up fruit , as well as salad , fruit and soup mixes , according to the company 's website . They are distributed primarily in sealed packages to restaurants , hospitals , schools and other large institutions that serve food . Besides the bacteria , inspectors found a condensation leak above a food product area , dirt on a food-preparation table , and hand-washing problems at the San Antonio plant , the state health department said . The FDA said Wednesday inspectors found several other problems , including hoses making contact with food , bagged carrots being stored on a wet floor , a lack of adequate drainage areas , foods not being stored at the proper temperature and a failure to safely clean utensils and equipment . Listeria monocytogenes is a bacterium found in the soil , in water and in animals that carry it without showing signs they are sick , according to the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can get into vegetables from soil or manure that is used as fertilizer . The strain of bacteria is relatively resilient -- with an incubation period of three to 70 days , Williams said -- and some foods can be contaminated after cooking but prior to packaging . The bacteria have been tied to listeriosis , which sickens about 2,500 Americans and contributes to the death of 500 people annually , the CDC reports . The Texas health department is taking the lead in the investigation , with assistance from the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC . The state justified its closure of the SanGar plant , citing Texas law that authorizes such actions if conditions pose "  an immediate and serious threat to human life or health . "	The company says it has cleaned facility , machines and imposed new protocols
Hong Kong  CNN  With an unrestricted , panoramic night view of the city 's twinkling skyline and the breezy air right outside the front door , a 15th floor penthouse apartment ticks all the boxes for a million-dollar property in the heart of Hong Kong . But there 's a catch . Fung , 59 , who prefers not to divulge his full name , lives in an illegal rooftop slum -- a 75-square-feet shack just big enough to host a bed , a cupboard , and everyday knick-knacks thrown pell-mell in the dusty room . The rent costs $ 1,700 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 220  a month . Local authorities have been taping eviction notices on his front door for the past month , saying that he has to move out . But with high property prices and hundreds of thousands waiting for public housing in Hong Kong , Fung , has no other places to go . "  I wo n't accept the relocation settlement scheme -- it 's only a few thousand Hong Kong dollars . Where am I going to live ? The rent is a lot cheaper here , " he says as he crumples the latest notice . The authorities offer a relocation settlement for rooftop residents , to Fung -- it is too meager . Most people in his position do n't have a stable income to start again elsewhere . The rooftop slums in Hong Kong expose one of the most bewildering facets of Asia 's self-described "  world city . " Majestic skyscrapers loom over peeling , overcrowded apartment blocks with their unofficial rooftop extensions . Clearing out Constructed on top of buildings since the 1950s and 60s without government approval , these makeshift communities clutter the rooftops in old working-class neighborhoods such as Kowloon . Corrugated metal sheets roughly cover concrete-walled shacks . And they 've provided vital accommodations for low-income people such as migrants from mainland China and Southeast Asia for more than half a century . According to the latest figures from Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department , there were 3,747 rooftop dwellers in 1,588 households in 2011 . This is a dramatic drop from 2001 when more than 16,000 people lived illegally in these sky slums . The decrease marks a trend where tenement buildings -- under constant pressure due to the shortage of land in Hong Kong -- are torn down to pave way for brand new shopping and residential developments . READ MORE : Life inside the densest place on earth : Remembering Kowloon Walled City Limited space Fung lives in one of Hong Kong 's poorest and most densely populated districts , Kwun Tong , where 57,120 people live per square kilometer , according to the Census and Statistics Department . Atop an industrial building that houses textile and publishing companies , Fung and around 40 other residents navigate their way through dark and haphazardly boarded walkways , occasionally lit up by an overhanging light bulb , or the glowing screen of a smartphone . Tangled electric wires that also double as laundry lines , criss-cross from one end of the roof to the other . An open square lies in the middle , scattered with pieces of unwanted furniture , flower boxes and kids ' toys , which strangely bring color and cheer to the crowded space . Fung works mostly in the construction sector and earns around $ 8,000 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,000  a month , barely enough to take care of his 10-year-old daughter and to cover the rent . "  I used to own property in Shenzhen , but I moved back to Hong Kong four years ago so my daughter can have a better education here , " Fung said , as his neighbors trickled out to join the conversation . They have all received the same warning from the government . Some have lived on this rooftop for more than 10 years and see no alternative but to stay . The rooftop dwellers are willing to open the doors to their humble homes but will only talk off the record -- in fear of being resettled to remote satellite towns , where there may be few opportunities and limited social networks . A few buildings away from where Fung lives , Joyce Ngan Chau Yee , who is a student at the University of Hong Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education , says she prefers to live in the rooftop huts . She lives with her single mother and brother in a 236-square-feet flat . "  The space here is a lot bigger than the subdivided flats . It was a little bit uncomfortable at first with all the rats and the cockroaches , but we learn to adapt , " the 21-year-old says . "  The only thing is that it gets really hot during the summer . " The rooftop slums in the neighborhood are unofficially rented out by the building 's top floor owners who want to earn some cash on the side , according to Fung . For Ngan 's mother , she says she has no idea who she 's been paying her rent to for the past three years . "  I just put the money in an envelope that comes every month on time and that is it , " says Sze Suk Pui . Widening wealth gap The housing crunch highlights the widening economic divide for the city of seven million residents . "  The reality is that a part of Hong Kong society 's income is not increasing , while the rich are getting richer , " says economist Richard Wong Yue Chim . Forbes magazine last year registered 45 billionaires in Hong Kong with a combined wealth of US$ 214 billion -- almost 80 % of Hong Kong 's GDP in 2013 . In contrast , there are 400,000 households living under the poverty line , which is set at $ 14,300 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,800  for a house of four . A survey published in early 2014 by Demographia International Housing Affordability revealed that Hong Kong 's property market has become the world 's most expensive , with the median housing price reaching $ 4,024,000 Hong Kong dollars , or US$ 519,216 . The hike in property prices signifies a thriving economy in Hong Kong , and construction jobs have been on the rise to meet the housing demand . They provide increasing job opportunities for people like Fung who work in the sector , but their financial struggles suggest that little of the money generated from the construction boom trickles down into their pockets . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's housing at its worst With inflating property prices , and an ever widening income gap , what future lies in store for these rooftop dwellers ? "  Of course I do n't want to live here forever , " says Ngan , pausing to speak during her homework . "  I hope we can move into public housing after living here for seven years , but the wait will be long . " When construction worker Fung was asked about his future plans after his imminent eviction , he just chuckled . "  I 'll think about that when they really come and tear this down . If I can live here for one more day , I 'll continue to stay here . " he says . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's poorest living in ` coffin homes '	Hong Kong 's illegal rooftop slums boast one of the best cityscape views
Hong Kong  CNN  With an unrestricted , panoramic night view of the city 's twinkling skyline and the breezy air right outside the front door , a 15th floor penthouse apartment ticks all the boxes for a million-dollar property in the heart of Hong Kong . But there 's a catch . Fung , 59 , who prefers not to divulge his full name , lives in an illegal rooftop slum -- a 75-square-feet shack just big enough to host a bed , a cupboard , and everyday knick-knacks thrown pell-mell in the dusty room . The rent costs $ 1,700 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 220  a month . Local authorities have been taping eviction notices on his front door for the past month , saying that he has to move out . But with high property prices and hundreds of thousands waiting for public housing in Hong Kong , Fung , has no other places to go . "  I wo n't accept the relocation settlement scheme -- it 's only a few thousand Hong Kong dollars . Where am I going to live ? The rent is a lot cheaper here , " he says as he crumples the latest notice . The authorities offer a relocation settlement for rooftop residents , to Fung -- it is too meager . Most people in his position do n't have a stable income to start again elsewhere . The rooftop slums in Hong Kong expose one of the most bewildering facets of Asia 's self-described "  world city . " Majestic skyscrapers loom over peeling , overcrowded apartment blocks with their unofficial rooftop extensions . Clearing out Constructed on top of buildings since the 1950s and 60s without government approval , these makeshift communities clutter the rooftops in old working-class neighborhoods such as Kowloon . Corrugated metal sheets roughly cover concrete-walled shacks . And they 've provided vital accommodations for low-income people such as migrants from mainland China and Southeast Asia for more than half a century . According to the latest figures from Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department , there were 3,747 rooftop dwellers in 1,588 households in 2011 . This is a dramatic drop from 2001 when more than 16,000 people lived illegally in these sky slums . The decrease marks a trend where tenement buildings -- under constant pressure due to the shortage of land in Hong Kong -- are torn down to pave way for brand new shopping and residential developments . READ MORE : Life inside the densest place on earth : Remembering Kowloon Walled City Limited space Fung lives in one of Hong Kong 's poorest and most densely populated districts , Kwun Tong , where 57,120 people live per square kilometer , according to the Census and Statistics Department . Atop an industrial building that houses textile and publishing companies , Fung and around 40 other residents navigate their way through dark and haphazardly boarded walkways , occasionally lit up by an overhanging light bulb , or the glowing screen of a smartphone . Tangled electric wires that also double as laundry lines , criss-cross from one end of the roof to the other . An open square lies in the middle , scattered with pieces of unwanted furniture , flower boxes and kids ' toys , which strangely bring color and cheer to the crowded space . Fung works mostly in the construction sector and earns around $ 8,000 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,000  a month , barely enough to take care of his 10-year-old daughter and to cover the rent . "  I used to own property in Shenzhen , but I moved back to Hong Kong four years ago so my daughter can have a better education here , " Fung said , as his neighbors trickled out to join the conversation . They have all received the same warning from the government . Some have lived on this rooftop for more than 10 years and see no alternative but to stay . The rooftop dwellers are willing to open the doors to their humble homes but will only talk off the record -- in fear of being resettled to remote satellite towns , where there may be few opportunities and limited social networks . A few buildings away from where Fung lives , Joyce Ngan Chau Yee , who is a student at the University of Hong Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education , says she prefers to live in the rooftop huts . She lives with her single mother and brother in a 236-square-feet flat . "  The space here is a lot bigger than the subdivided flats . It was a little bit uncomfortable at first with all the rats and the cockroaches , but we learn to adapt , " the 21-year-old says . "  The only thing is that it gets really hot during the summer . " The rooftop slums in the neighborhood are unofficially rented out by the building 's top floor owners who want to earn some cash on the side , according to Fung . For Ngan 's mother , she says she has no idea who she 's been paying her rent to for the past three years . "  I just put the money in an envelope that comes every month on time and that is it , " says Sze Suk Pui . Widening wealth gap The housing crunch highlights the widening economic divide for the city of seven million residents . "  The reality is that a part of Hong Kong society 's income is not increasing , while the rich are getting richer , " says economist Richard Wong Yue Chim . Forbes magazine last year registered 45 billionaires in Hong Kong with a combined wealth of US$ 214 billion -- almost 80 % of Hong Kong 's GDP in 2013 . In contrast , there are 400,000 households living under the poverty line , which is set at $ 14,300 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,800  for a house of four . A survey published in early 2014 by Demographia International Housing Affordability revealed that Hong Kong 's property market has become the world 's most expensive , with the median housing price reaching $ 4,024,000 Hong Kong dollars , or US$ 519,216 . The hike in property prices signifies a thriving economy in Hong Kong , and construction jobs have been on the rise to meet the housing demand . They provide increasing job opportunities for people like Fung who work in the sector , but their financial struggles suggest that little of the money generated from the construction boom trickles down into their pockets . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's housing at its worst With inflating property prices , and an ever widening income gap , what future lies in store for these rooftop dwellers ? "  Of course I do n't want to live here forever , " says Ngan , pausing to speak during her homework . "  I hope we can move into public housing after living here for seven years , but the wait will be long . " When construction worker Fung was asked about his future plans after his imminent eviction , he just chuckled . "  I 'll think about that when they really come and tear this down . If I can live here for one more day , I 'll continue to stay here . " he says . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's poorest living in ` coffin homes '	High property prices and widening income gap force residents to live in rooftop slums
Hong Kong  CNN  With an unrestricted , panoramic night view of the city 's twinkling skyline and the breezy air right outside the front door , a 15th floor penthouse apartment ticks all the boxes for a million-dollar property in the heart of Hong Kong . But there 's a catch . Fung , 59 , who prefers not to divulge his full name , lives in an illegal rooftop slum -- a 75-square-feet shack just big enough to host a bed , a cupboard , and everyday knick-knacks thrown pell-mell in the dusty room . The rent costs $ 1,700 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 220  a month . Local authorities have been taping eviction notices on his front door for the past month , saying that he has to move out . But with high property prices and hundreds of thousands waiting for public housing in Hong Kong , Fung , has no other places to go . "  I wo n't accept the relocation settlement scheme -- it 's only a few thousand Hong Kong dollars . Where am I going to live ? The rent is a lot cheaper here , " he says as he crumples the latest notice . The authorities offer a relocation settlement for rooftop residents , to Fung -- it is too meager . Most people in his position do n't have a stable income to start again elsewhere . The rooftop slums in Hong Kong expose one of the most bewildering facets of Asia 's self-described "  world city . " Majestic skyscrapers loom over peeling , overcrowded apartment blocks with their unofficial rooftop extensions . Clearing out Constructed on top of buildings since the 1950s and 60s without government approval , these makeshift communities clutter the rooftops in old working-class neighborhoods such as Kowloon . Corrugated metal sheets roughly cover concrete-walled shacks . And they 've provided vital accommodations for low-income people such as migrants from mainland China and Southeast Asia for more than half a century . According to the latest figures from Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department , there were 3,747 rooftop dwellers in 1,588 households in 2011 . This is a dramatic drop from 2001 when more than 16,000 people lived illegally in these sky slums . The decrease marks a trend where tenement buildings -- under constant pressure due to the shortage of land in Hong Kong -- are torn down to pave way for brand new shopping and residential developments . READ MORE : Life inside the densest place on earth : Remembering Kowloon Walled City Limited space Fung lives in one of Hong Kong 's poorest and most densely populated districts , Kwun Tong , where 57,120 people live per square kilometer , according to the Census and Statistics Department . Atop an industrial building that houses textile and publishing companies , Fung and around 40 other residents navigate their way through dark and haphazardly boarded walkways , occasionally lit up by an overhanging light bulb , or the glowing screen of a smartphone . Tangled electric wires that also double as laundry lines , criss-cross from one end of the roof to the other . An open square lies in the middle , scattered with pieces of unwanted furniture , flower boxes and kids ' toys , which strangely bring color and cheer to the crowded space . Fung works mostly in the construction sector and earns around $ 8,000 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,000  a month , barely enough to take care of his 10-year-old daughter and to cover the rent . "  I used to own property in Shenzhen , but I moved back to Hong Kong four years ago so my daughter can have a better education here , " Fung said , as his neighbors trickled out to join the conversation . They have all received the same warning from the government . Some have lived on this rooftop for more than 10 years and see no alternative but to stay . The rooftop dwellers are willing to open the doors to their humble homes but will only talk off the record -- in fear of being resettled to remote satellite towns , where there may be few opportunities and limited social networks . A few buildings away from where Fung lives , Joyce Ngan Chau Yee , who is a student at the University of Hong Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education , says she prefers to live in the rooftop huts . She lives with her single mother and brother in a 236-square-feet flat . "  The space here is a lot bigger than the subdivided flats . It was a little bit uncomfortable at first with all the rats and the cockroaches , but we learn to adapt , " the 21-year-old says . "  The only thing is that it gets really hot during the summer . " The rooftop slums in the neighborhood are unofficially rented out by the building 's top floor owners who want to earn some cash on the side , according to Fung . For Ngan 's mother , she says she has no idea who she 's been paying her rent to for the past three years . "  I just put the money in an envelope that comes every month on time and that is it , " says Sze Suk Pui . Widening wealth gap The housing crunch highlights the widening economic divide for the city of seven million residents . "  The reality is that a part of Hong Kong society 's income is not increasing , while the rich are getting richer , " says economist Richard Wong Yue Chim . Forbes magazine last year registered 45 billionaires in Hong Kong with a combined wealth of US$ 214 billion -- almost 80 % of Hong Kong 's GDP in 2013 . In contrast , there are 400,000 households living under the poverty line , which is set at $ 14,300 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,800  for a house of four . A survey published in early 2014 by Demographia International Housing Affordability revealed that Hong Kong 's property market has become the world 's most expensive , with the median housing price reaching $ 4,024,000 Hong Kong dollars , or US$ 519,216 . The hike in property prices signifies a thriving economy in Hong Kong , and construction jobs have been on the rise to meet the housing demand . They provide increasing job opportunities for people like Fung who work in the sector , but their financial struggles suggest that little of the money generated from the construction boom trickles down into their pockets . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's housing at its worst With inflating property prices , and an ever widening income gap , what future lies in store for these rooftop dwellers ? "  Of course I do n't want to live here forever , " says Ngan , pausing to speak during her homework . "  I hope we can move into public housing after living here for seven years , but the wait will be long . " When construction worker Fung was asked about his future plans after his imminent eviction , he just chuckled . "  I 'll think about that when they really come and tear this down . If I can live here for one more day , I 'll continue to stay here . " he says . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's poorest living in ` coffin homes '	Government estimates almost 4,000 rooftop dwellers , a drastic drop from 16,000 since 2001
A spectacular closing ceremony brought an end to the 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games Sunday . In front of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the ceremony embraced the theme of "  Reaching the Impossible . " Some 547 athletes from 45 countries competed for the 72 gold medals on offer -- with host nation Russia coming out on top . Russia claimed 30 gold medals and 80 in total , way ahead of Germany which finished in second place . On the day where a referendum was held in Crimea , Ukraine flagbearer , biathlete and cross-country skier Lyudmila Pavlenko entered the stadium wearing a top emblazoned with the word "  Peace " . But her actions did not overshadow a ceremony which involved 462 performers and 8,000 volunteers . International Paralympic Commitee president Philip Craven told spectators at the stadium : "  The Paralympic Spirit has united and infected us all . Proud Paralympians -- your inspirational athletic performances have redefined the boundaries of possibility . "  You have shown the world that absolutely anything is possible and that life is about amazing capabilities and not perceived deficiencies . "  With record numbers of highly enthusiastic spectators supporting you all , you have shown what real grit and determination looks like . Through record TV audiences and media coverage , you have opened up the eyes of the world to what the human spirit can achieve . " Russia 's hero of the Games was Roman Petushkov who won six gold medals -- the most by any individual at a single Paralympics . The 36-year-old , who lost both his legs in a car accident eight years ago , made his Paralympic debut in Vancouver where he won two medals . After winning five world titles in the Sweden last year , he responded to the pressure magnificently with six golds . Competing in the seated division of cross country and biathlon , he won the 7.5 kilometer , 12km and 15km biathlon as well as the cross country 1km , 15km and the 4x2 .5 km relay . One of the other outstanding stories of the Games was the achievement of Brian McKeever , who won his 10th Paralympic title . The 34-year-old visually impaired cross-country skier , competing in his fourth Paralympics , won three gold medals in Sochi and could yet defend his titles at Korea 2018 . Germany 's Anna Schaffelhuber was a five-time gold medal winner at Sochi following a series of sublime sit-ski displays . Schaffelhuber won the women 's giant slalom Sunday to go on top of the downhill , super G , slalom and super combined in the women 's sitting class in Sochi . Speaking at the closing ceremony , Russia 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Kozak , told spectators that the Games "  had gone far beyond sports competitions . " He said : They showed what people from different countries and nationalities different cultures and traditions are capable of when they are united by a single goal and an inspired dream . "  Attitudes toward people with an impairment have changed among Russian society . The Paralympic Winter Games have become a catalyst for our efforts to create a barrier-free environment in Russia . "  The Games are over , but we promise that this important work will continue throughout our vast country . "	Sochi Paralympics ended Sunday
A spectacular closing ceremony brought an end to the 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games Sunday . In front of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the ceremony embraced the theme of "  Reaching the Impossible . " Some 547 athletes from 45 countries competed for the 72 gold medals on offer -- with host nation Russia coming out on top . Russia claimed 30 gold medals and 80 in total , way ahead of Germany which finished in second place . On the day where a referendum was held in Crimea , Ukraine flagbearer , biathlete and cross-country skier Lyudmila Pavlenko entered the stadium wearing a top emblazoned with the word "  Peace " . But her actions did not overshadow a ceremony which involved 462 performers and 8,000 volunteers . International Paralympic Commitee president Philip Craven told spectators at the stadium : "  The Paralympic Spirit has united and infected us all . Proud Paralympians -- your inspirational athletic performances have redefined the boundaries of possibility . "  You have shown the world that absolutely anything is possible and that life is about amazing capabilities and not perceived deficiencies . "  With record numbers of highly enthusiastic spectators supporting you all , you have shown what real grit and determination looks like . Through record TV audiences and media coverage , you have opened up the eyes of the world to what the human spirit can achieve . " Russia 's hero of the Games was Roman Petushkov who won six gold medals -- the most by any individual at a single Paralympics . The 36-year-old , who lost both his legs in a car accident eight years ago , made his Paralympic debut in Vancouver where he won two medals . After winning five world titles in the Sweden last year , he responded to the pressure magnificently with six golds . Competing in the seated division of cross country and biathlon , he won the 7.5 kilometer , 12km and 15km biathlon as well as the cross country 1km , 15km and the 4x2 .5 km relay . One of the other outstanding stories of the Games was the achievement of Brian McKeever , who won his 10th Paralympic title . The 34-year-old visually impaired cross-country skier , competing in his fourth Paralympics , won three gold medals in Sochi and could yet defend his titles at Korea 2018 . Germany 's Anna Schaffelhuber was a five-time gold medal winner at Sochi following a series of sublime sit-ski displays . Schaffelhuber won the women 's giant slalom Sunday to go on top of the downhill , super G , slalom and super combined in the women 's sitting class in Sochi . Speaking at the closing ceremony , Russia 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Kozak , told spectators that the Games "  had gone far beyond sports competitions . " He said : They showed what people from different countries and nationalities different cultures and traditions are capable of when they are united by a single goal and an inspired dream . "  Attitudes toward people with an impairment have changed among Russian society . The Paralympic Winter Games have become a catalyst for our efforts to create a barrier-free environment in Russia . "  The Games are over , but we promise that this important work will continue throughout our vast country . "	Russia finished top of medal table with 30 golds
A spectacular closing ceremony brought an end to the 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games Sunday . In front of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the ceremony embraced the theme of "  Reaching the Impossible . " Some 547 athletes from 45 countries competed for the 72 gold medals on offer -- with host nation Russia coming out on top . Russia claimed 30 gold medals and 80 in total , way ahead of Germany which finished in second place . On the day where a referendum was held in Crimea , Ukraine flagbearer , biathlete and cross-country skier Lyudmila Pavlenko entered the stadium wearing a top emblazoned with the word "  Peace " . But her actions did not overshadow a ceremony which involved 462 performers and 8,000 volunteers . International Paralympic Commitee president Philip Craven told spectators at the stadium : "  The Paralympic Spirit has united and infected us all . Proud Paralympians -- your inspirational athletic performances have redefined the boundaries of possibility . "  You have shown the world that absolutely anything is possible and that life is about amazing capabilities and not perceived deficiencies . "  With record numbers of highly enthusiastic spectators supporting you all , you have shown what real grit and determination looks like . Through record TV audiences and media coverage , you have opened up the eyes of the world to what the human spirit can achieve . " Russia 's hero of the Games was Roman Petushkov who won six gold medals -- the most by any individual at a single Paralympics . The 36-year-old , who lost both his legs in a car accident eight years ago , made his Paralympic debut in Vancouver where he won two medals . After winning five world titles in the Sweden last year , he responded to the pressure magnificently with six golds . Competing in the seated division of cross country and biathlon , he won the 7.5 kilometer , 12km and 15km biathlon as well as the cross country 1km , 15km and the 4x2 .5 km relay . One of the other outstanding stories of the Games was the achievement of Brian McKeever , who won his 10th Paralympic title . The 34-year-old visually impaired cross-country skier , competing in his fourth Paralympics , won three gold medals in Sochi and could yet defend his titles at Korea 2018 . Germany 's Anna Schaffelhuber was a five-time gold medal winner at Sochi following a series of sublime sit-ski displays . Schaffelhuber won the women 's giant slalom Sunday to go on top of the downhill , super G , slalom and super combined in the women 's sitting class in Sochi . Speaking at the closing ceremony , Russia 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Kozak , told spectators that the Games "  had gone far beyond sports competitions . " He said : They showed what people from different countries and nationalities different cultures and traditions are capable of when they are united by a single goal and an inspired dream . "  Attitudes toward people with an impairment have changed among Russian society . The Paralympic Winter Games have become a catalyst for our efforts to create a barrier-free environment in Russia . "  The Games are over , but we promise that this important work will continue throughout our vast country . "	President Putin attended ceremony
A spectacular closing ceremony brought an end to the 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games Sunday . In front of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the ceremony embraced the theme of "  Reaching the Impossible . " Some 547 athletes from 45 countries competed for the 72 gold medals on offer -- with host nation Russia coming out on top . Russia claimed 30 gold medals and 80 in total , way ahead of Germany which finished in second place . On the day where a referendum was held in Crimea , Ukraine flagbearer , biathlete and cross-country skier Lyudmila Pavlenko entered the stadium wearing a top emblazoned with the word "  Peace " . But her actions did not overshadow a ceremony which involved 462 performers and 8,000 volunteers . International Paralympic Commitee president Philip Craven told spectators at the stadium : "  The Paralympic Spirit has united and infected us all . Proud Paralympians -- your inspirational athletic performances have redefined the boundaries of possibility . "  You have shown the world that absolutely anything is possible and that life is about amazing capabilities and not perceived deficiencies . "  With record numbers of highly enthusiastic spectators supporting you all , you have shown what real grit and determination looks like . Through record TV audiences and media coverage , you have opened up the eyes of the world to what the human spirit can achieve . " Russia 's hero of the Games was Roman Petushkov who won six gold medals -- the most by any individual at a single Paralympics . The 36-year-old , who lost both his legs in a car accident eight years ago , made his Paralympic debut in Vancouver where he won two medals . After winning five world titles in the Sweden last year , he responded to the pressure magnificently with six golds . Competing in the seated division of cross country and biathlon , he won the 7.5 kilometer , 12km and 15km biathlon as well as the cross country 1km , 15km and the 4x2 .5 km relay . One of the other outstanding stories of the Games was the achievement of Brian McKeever , who won his 10th Paralympic title . The 34-year-old visually impaired cross-country skier , competing in his fourth Paralympics , won three gold medals in Sochi and could yet defend his titles at Korea 2018 . Germany 's Anna Schaffelhuber was a five-time gold medal winner at Sochi following a series of sublime sit-ski displays . Schaffelhuber won the women 's giant slalom Sunday to go on top of the downhill , super G , slalom and super combined in the women 's sitting class in Sochi . Speaking at the closing ceremony , Russia 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Kozak , told spectators that the Games "  had gone far beyond sports competitions . " He said : They showed what people from different countries and nationalities different cultures and traditions are capable of when they are united by a single goal and an inspired dream . "  Attitudes toward people with an impairment have changed among Russian society . The Paralympic Winter Games have become a catalyst for our efforts to create a barrier-free environment in Russia . "  The Games are over , but we promise that this important work will continue throughout our vast country . "	Ukraine flagbearer made political statement
The art of preparing , stuffing , and mounting animal skins is called taxidermy , and it can range from classy to creepy depending on whether your subject is a moose , or , say , a homeless drifter . Of course , proper taxidermy is primarily reserved for hunting and fishing trophies , and it sort of works like this : Dave drinks two dozen Coors in the woods with friends . Dave shoots bear . Dave pays taxidermist to turn bear into furniture . Dave puts bear in living room . Dave 's kids wet bed until they 're 33 . And that 's if the mounting is done well . Because quality taxidermy really depends on the skill of the taxidermist , and a simple hunting mount can turn exponentially more creepy if it is n't done with precision or mild sobriety . "  Hey ! Hey ! Look what I made ! " "  Is that ... Danny DeVito looking for a contact lens ? " "  It 's a deer . " But even for those of us who do n't necessarily enjoy the idea of killing animals for the sake of impressing dinner guests , somehow it 's not all that difficult to be amused by terrible craftsmanship So , although I 'm sort of weirded out by this practice  and , hey , to each their own  I can absolutely appreciate bad taxidermy . And , now , there 's a new , popular Twitter feed about just that . It 's called @CrapTaxidermy , and it 's completely dedicated to images of the very worst animal mountings . Not to be confused with @MileyCyrus . The Twitter account was started by a guy in the UK named Nish , who requested to only be identified by a one-word name . Like Cher . Or Madonna . Or Steve from accounting . He loves taxidermy and Sheffield Wednesday Football Club . Beyond that , we know very little about the man behind the account . But we do understand that Nish started the Twitter account only about a month ago , and was inspired by something that , really , all of us should get to see at some point in our lives . He explains : "  I started the page after I saw the pole dancing polar bear in a museum and thought poorly executed taxidermy might interest others . " And it does . Soon , people started catching on to his feed , especially in the last week . Which should help him keep it updated with new images going forward . Nish says , "  People send me pictures of creatures they have seen and all I do is post them on my Twitter with a hilarious caption . " Good effort ! That said , Nish made it very clear to me that he is , in fact , an animal lover and does not condone hunting for sport or animal cruelty . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Bad taxidermy on the Web is actually nothing new . For example , about five years ago a woman in New York name Kat Su started a Tumblr blog called Crappy Taxidermy . It 's all the same fun , but with an extra "  p " and a "  y. " For those of you keeping score -- and God knows I am -- Crappy Taxidermy boasts itself as "  the Internet 's oldest and largest image gallery of crappy and awesome taxidermy since 2009 . " But Su has a wonderfully positive attitude about the new kid in town . "  We 're completely unaffiliated , " she says , adding "  I love what they 're doing , though ! " Su explained that "  blogging is n't a zero sum game , and everyone wins when you spread the love for this particular type of taxidermy . I just like making people laugh . " And besides , things are going fairly well for Su . She even has a book coming out this fall . However , to confuse matters , the book is actually being titled "  Crap Taxidermy . " Just like Nish 's twitter feed . The plot thickens . The reason for the name change , Su explained , is that her book is actually being published by a British publishing house , and that British people do n't use the word "  crappy . " Which explains Nish 's use of the word "  crap . " Of course , despite Su 's carefree attitude toward Nish 's Twitter feed , it might ultimately come to blows when the publishers get involved with marketing the book . In the meantime , Su maintains her day job as an active-wear designer , but says she 's actually going to have to try her hand at taxidermy . For real . And there 's no way out . For the book , she is going to write a tutorial on how to stuff a mouse . And her good friend , Daisy Tainton , happens to be an insect preparatory for the Museum of Natural History , and also a hobbyist taxidermist . Are n't we all ? Tainton will be giving Su a private lesson at her apartment , and Su 's only real concern is that she 'll barf . Which would be bad . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	A UK man named Nish started his @CrapTaxidermy Twitter feed about a month ago
The art of preparing , stuffing , and mounting animal skins is called taxidermy , and it can range from classy to creepy depending on whether your subject is a moose , or , say , a homeless drifter . Of course , proper taxidermy is primarily reserved for hunting and fishing trophies , and it sort of works like this : Dave drinks two dozen Coors in the woods with friends . Dave shoots bear . Dave pays taxidermist to turn bear into furniture . Dave puts bear in living room . Dave 's kids wet bed until they 're 33 . And that 's if the mounting is done well . Because quality taxidermy really depends on the skill of the taxidermist , and a simple hunting mount can turn exponentially more creepy if it is n't done with precision or mild sobriety . "  Hey ! Hey ! Look what I made ! " "  Is that ... Danny DeVito looking for a contact lens ? " "  It 's a deer . " But even for those of us who do n't necessarily enjoy the idea of killing animals for the sake of impressing dinner guests , somehow it 's not all that difficult to be amused by terrible craftsmanship So , although I 'm sort of weirded out by this practice  and , hey , to each their own  I can absolutely appreciate bad taxidermy . And , now , there 's a new , popular Twitter feed about just that . It 's called @CrapTaxidermy , and it 's completely dedicated to images of the very worst animal mountings . Not to be confused with @MileyCyrus . The Twitter account was started by a guy in the UK named Nish , who requested to only be identified by a one-word name . Like Cher . Or Madonna . Or Steve from accounting . He loves taxidermy and Sheffield Wednesday Football Club . Beyond that , we know very little about the man behind the account . But we do understand that Nish started the Twitter account only about a month ago , and was inspired by something that , really , all of us should get to see at some point in our lives . He explains : "  I started the page after I saw the pole dancing polar bear in a museum and thought poorly executed taxidermy might interest others . " And it does . Soon , people started catching on to his feed , especially in the last week . Which should help him keep it updated with new images going forward . Nish says , "  People send me pictures of creatures they have seen and all I do is post them on my Twitter with a hilarious caption . " Good effort ! That said , Nish made it very clear to me that he is , in fact , an animal lover and does not condone hunting for sport or animal cruelty . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Bad taxidermy on the Web is actually nothing new . For example , about five years ago a woman in New York name Kat Su started a Tumblr blog called Crappy Taxidermy . It 's all the same fun , but with an extra "  p " and a "  y. " For those of you keeping score -- and God knows I am -- Crappy Taxidermy boasts itself as "  the Internet 's oldest and largest image gallery of crappy and awesome taxidermy since 2009 . " But Su has a wonderfully positive attitude about the new kid in town . "  We 're completely unaffiliated , " she says , adding "  I love what they 're doing , though ! " Su explained that "  blogging is n't a zero sum game , and everyone wins when you spread the love for this particular type of taxidermy . I just like making people laugh . " And besides , things are going fairly well for Su . She even has a book coming out this fall . However , to confuse matters , the book is actually being titled "  Crap Taxidermy . " Just like Nish 's twitter feed . The plot thickens . The reason for the name change , Su explained , is that her book is actually being published by a British publishing house , and that British people do n't use the word "  crappy . " Which explains Nish 's use of the word "  crap . " Of course , despite Su 's carefree attitude toward Nish 's Twitter feed , it might ultimately come to blows when the publishers get involved with marketing the book . In the meantime , Su maintains her day job as an active-wear designer , but says she 's actually going to have to try her hand at taxidermy . For real . And there 's no way out . For the book , she is going to write a tutorial on how to stuff a mouse . And her good friend , Daisy Tainton , happens to be an insect preparatory for the Museum of Natural History , and also a hobbyist taxidermist . Are n't we all ? Tainton will be giving Su a private lesson at her apartment , and Su 's only real concern is that she 'll barf . Which would be bad . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Since 2009 , a popular blog about the same thing has existed under the name Crappy Taxidermy
The art of preparing , stuffing , and mounting animal skins is called taxidermy , and it can range from classy to creepy depending on whether your subject is a moose , or , say , a homeless drifter . Of course , proper taxidermy is primarily reserved for hunting and fishing trophies , and it sort of works like this : Dave drinks two dozen Coors in the woods with friends . Dave shoots bear . Dave pays taxidermist to turn bear into furniture . Dave puts bear in living room . Dave 's kids wet bed until they 're 33 . And that 's if the mounting is done well . Because quality taxidermy really depends on the skill of the taxidermist , and a simple hunting mount can turn exponentially more creepy if it is n't done with precision or mild sobriety . "  Hey ! Hey ! Look what I made ! " "  Is that ... Danny DeVito looking for a contact lens ? " "  It 's a deer . " But even for those of us who do n't necessarily enjoy the idea of killing animals for the sake of impressing dinner guests , somehow it 's not all that difficult to be amused by terrible craftsmanship So , although I 'm sort of weirded out by this practice  and , hey , to each their own  I can absolutely appreciate bad taxidermy . And , now , there 's a new , popular Twitter feed about just that . It 's called @CrapTaxidermy , and it 's completely dedicated to images of the very worst animal mountings . Not to be confused with @MileyCyrus . The Twitter account was started by a guy in the UK named Nish , who requested to only be identified by a one-word name . Like Cher . Or Madonna . Or Steve from accounting . He loves taxidermy and Sheffield Wednesday Football Club . Beyond that , we know very little about the man behind the account . But we do understand that Nish started the Twitter account only about a month ago , and was inspired by something that , really , all of us should get to see at some point in our lives . He explains : "  I started the page after I saw the pole dancing polar bear in a museum and thought poorly executed taxidermy might interest others . " And it does . Soon , people started catching on to his feed , especially in the last week . Which should help him keep it updated with new images going forward . Nish says , "  People send me pictures of creatures they have seen and all I do is post them on my Twitter with a hilarious caption . " Good effort ! That said , Nish made it very clear to me that he is , in fact , an animal lover and does not condone hunting for sport or animal cruelty . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Bad taxidermy on the Web is actually nothing new . For example , about five years ago a woman in New York name Kat Su started a Tumblr blog called Crappy Taxidermy . It 's all the same fun , but with an extra "  p " and a "  y. " For those of you keeping score -- and God knows I am -- Crappy Taxidermy boasts itself as "  the Internet 's oldest and largest image gallery of crappy and awesome taxidermy since 2009 . " But Su has a wonderfully positive attitude about the new kid in town . "  We 're completely unaffiliated , " she says , adding "  I love what they 're doing , though ! " Su explained that "  blogging is n't a zero sum game , and everyone wins when you spread the love for this particular type of taxidermy . I just like making people laugh . " And besides , things are going fairly well for Su . She even has a book coming out this fall . However , to confuse matters , the book is actually being titled "  Crap Taxidermy . " Just like Nish 's twitter feed . The plot thickens . The reason for the name change , Su explained , is that her book is actually being published by a British publishing house , and that British people do n't use the word "  crappy . " Which explains Nish 's use of the word "  crap . " Of course , despite Su 's carefree attitude toward Nish 's Twitter feed , it might ultimately come to blows when the publishers get involved with marketing the book . In the meantime , Su maintains her day job as an active-wear designer , but says she 's actually going to have to try her hand at taxidermy . For real . And there 's no way out . For the book , she is going to write a tutorial on how to stuff a mouse . And her good friend , Daisy Tainton , happens to be an insect preparatory for the Museum of Natural History , and also a hobbyist taxidermist . Are n't we all ? Tainton will be giving Su a private lesson at her apartment , and Su 's only real concern is that she 'll barf . Which would be bad . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Kat Su runs Crappy Taxidermy and is working on a new book about the subject
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Flight attendant Sheela Joshi is 5 feet , 4 inches and 148 pounds . Air India has strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them . Her employer , Air India , says she is too fat to fly . Joshi , 50 , has been an air hostess -- as they are still called in India -- for the national airline for 26 years . But she 's been grounded because the airline has done away with its wiggle room on weight . Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds  3 kilograms  of a specified limit . It has since put in place strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds . The airline says that someone who is Sheila 's age , height and weight should weigh 143 pounds  65 kilograms  . She misses the mark by 5 pounds . "  It 's very demoralizing , " Joshi told CNN . "  And ... it 's quite humiliating . " "  Weight is always on my mind , " she added . "  They can tell you , ` You look overweight . Please go . ' " Joshi and 12 other grounded attendants sued the airline for weight discrimination . Air India fought back , saying the employees knew the job requirements when they signed up and did n't express concern . Watch airline defend its position " Furthermore , it said , appearance and physical fitness are vital parts of an attendant 's job . "  A  safety concern is also there , " said Air India 's lawyer , Rupinder Singh Suri . "  Because it 's a high action job . And in case of emergencies , the person has to accelerate and move at a very , very fast pace . " Weight used to be a consideration for airlines in the United States , as well . Then , a series of weight-discrimination lawsuits forced carriers to do away with it . Now "  most airlines want candidates with weight proportionate to height , " according to the U.S. Labor Department 's Occupational Outlook Handbook . In the India case , the airline has n't deemed any of the attendants medically unfit -- just over the weight limit . Their attorney contends the move is actually about getting rid of older , well-compensated women in favor of younger ones who will do the job for less money . "  They have spent their entire life working for Indian airlines , " said lawyer Arvind Sharma . "  They were small girls when they came in now . They are 45-plus and they feel bad . " The Delhi High Court recently sided with Air India in the case . Joshi 's attorney has vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court . In the meantime , Joshi and some of her colleagues say they are n't taking any chances . They are going on diets to get airborne again .	Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Flight attendant Sheela Joshi is 5 feet , 4 inches and 148 pounds . Air India has strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them . Her employer , Air India , says she is too fat to fly . Joshi , 50 , has been an air hostess -- as they are still called in India -- for the national airline for 26 years . But she 's been grounded because the airline has done away with its wiggle room on weight . Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds  3 kilograms  of a specified limit . It has since put in place strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds . The airline says that someone who is Sheila 's age , height and weight should weigh 143 pounds  65 kilograms  . She misses the mark by 5 pounds . "  It 's very demoralizing , " Joshi told CNN . "  And ... it 's quite humiliating . " "  Weight is always on my mind , " she added . "  They can tell you , ` You look overweight . Please go . ' " Joshi and 12 other grounded attendants sued the airline for weight discrimination . Air India fought back , saying the employees knew the job requirements when they signed up and did n't express concern . Watch airline defend its position " Furthermore , it said , appearance and physical fitness are vital parts of an attendant 's job . "  A  safety concern is also there , " said Air India 's lawyer , Rupinder Singh Suri . "  Because it 's a high action job . And in case of emergencies , the person has to accelerate and move at a very , very fast pace . " Weight used to be a consideration for airlines in the United States , as well . Then , a series of weight-discrimination lawsuits forced carriers to do away with it . Now "  most airlines want candidates with weight proportionate to height , " according to the U.S. Labor Department 's Occupational Outlook Handbook . In the India case , the airline has n't deemed any of the attendants medically unfit -- just over the weight limit . Their attorney contends the move is actually about getting rid of older , well-compensated women in favor of younger ones who will do the job for less money . "  They have spent their entire life working for Indian airlines , " said lawyer Arvind Sharma . "  They were small girls when they came in now . They are 45-plus and they feel bad . " The Delhi High Court recently sided with Air India in the case . Joshi 's attorney has vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court . In the meantime , Joshi and some of her colleagues say they are n't taking any chances . They are going on diets to get airborne again .	Weight-discrimination lawsuits forced U.S. carriers to do away with weight limits
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Flight attendant Sheela Joshi is 5 feet , 4 inches and 148 pounds . Air India has strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them . Her employer , Air India , says she is too fat to fly . Joshi , 50 , has been an air hostess -- as they are still called in India -- for the national airline for 26 years . But she 's been grounded because the airline has done away with its wiggle room on weight . Until two years ago , Air India allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds  3 kilograms  of a specified limit . It has since put in place strict weight parameters that all attendants must meet . When they do n't , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds . The airline says that someone who is Sheila 's age , height and weight should weigh 143 pounds  65 kilograms  . She misses the mark by 5 pounds . "  It 's very demoralizing , " Joshi told CNN . "  And ... it 's quite humiliating . " "  Weight is always on my mind , " she added . "  They can tell you , ` You look overweight . Please go . ' " Joshi and 12 other grounded attendants sued the airline for weight discrimination . Air India fought back , saying the employees knew the job requirements when they signed up and did n't express concern . Watch airline defend its position " Furthermore , it said , appearance and physical fitness are vital parts of an attendant 's job . "  A  safety concern is also there , " said Air India 's lawyer , Rupinder Singh Suri . "  Because it 's a high action job . And in case of emergencies , the person has to accelerate and move at a very , very fast pace . " Weight used to be a consideration for airlines in the United States , as well . Then , a series of weight-discrimination lawsuits forced carriers to do away with it . Now "  most airlines want candidates with weight proportionate to height , " according to the U.S. Labor Department 's Occupational Outlook Handbook . In the India case , the airline has n't deemed any of the attendants medically unfit -- just over the weight limit . Their attorney contends the move is actually about getting rid of older , well-compensated women in favor of younger ones who will do the job for less money . "  They have spent their entire life working for Indian airlines , " said lawyer Arvind Sharma . "  They were small girls when they came in now . They are 45-plus and they feel bad . " The Delhi High Court recently sided with Air India in the case . Joshi 's attorney has vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court . In the meantime , Joshi and some of her colleagues say they are n't taking any chances . They are going on diets to get airborne again .	In India , the attendants are not deemed medically unfit -- just over the weight limit
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo drove the race of his young life to secure an unlikely victory for Red Bull Sunday in an incident-packed Hungarian Grand Prix which saw Lewis Hamilton ignore Mercedes team orders to let title leader Nico Rosberg through . Australia 's Ricciardo overtook two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the lead on lap 68 of 70 at the Hungaroring for his second victory of the season . Lewis Hamilton claimed the final podium spot after starting from the pit lane and spinning off the track on the first lap with Rosberg in fourth place . But the intense rivalry between the pair reached a head when Hamilton refused to allow Rosberg through at a crucial stage of the race . The German , who made one more pit stop than his teammate , showed his impatience on race radio . "  Why is he not letting me through , " he complained . Hamilton countered by saying Rosberg had not been close enough . "  I 'll let him through if he gets closer , " he said . "  I 'm not slowing down for Nico ... " The 2008 world champion 's stubborness looked set to be rewarded by a remarkable victory as he closed on Alonso , whose own tires were losing their grip . But Ricciardo , who won earlier this season in Canada , was the fastest off all the front runners and first went past Hamilton before surging clear of Alonso . Rosberg , who still leads the championship from Hamilton by 11 points , was making up about three seconds per lap on the top three after his stop for new tires , but his charge came too late . Hamilton , whose challenge was so nearly over on the opening lap , was helped by the safety car being deployed twice as drivers crashed out on a wet but drying track . The first safety car disadvantaged Rosberg , who looked impregnable in first place after starting from pole . Ricciardo was among those who were able to switch to slick tires at that point , while Rosberg had to wait an extra lap and lost position . "  It feels as good as the first win , it really does , " said Ricciardo at the trophy presentation . "  The safety car at first played to our advantage but the second one did n't really help us , but we got there in the end and I had to do the overtaking at the end which was fun . " Felipe Massa for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari showed their experience by finishing fifth and sixth with four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took seventh , again overshadowed by his young Red Bull teammate Ricciardo . Vettel was the last driver to start from the pit lane and take a podium spot in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix of 2012 and Hamilton was delighted to emulate him after a fire in his engine wrecked his qualifying effort on Saturday . "  It 's been a crazy weekend , " he said . "  The car has been fantastic but there were a lot of points lost this weekend . The brakes were very , very cold  at the start  and I was gone but I got going again and managed to push on from there . " But the ramifications of his refusal to follow team orders is set to rumble on with Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff telling gathered reporters there would be an internal inquiry , but "  no knee-jerk reaction . "	Daniel Ricciardo wins Hungarian Grand Prix for Red Bull
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo drove the race of his young life to secure an unlikely victory for Red Bull Sunday in an incident-packed Hungarian Grand Prix which saw Lewis Hamilton ignore Mercedes team orders to let title leader Nico Rosberg through . Australia 's Ricciardo overtook two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the lead on lap 68 of 70 at the Hungaroring for his second victory of the season . Lewis Hamilton claimed the final podium spot after starting from the pit lane and spinning off the track on the first lap with Rosberg in fourth place . But the intense rivalry between the pair reached a head when Hamilton refused to allow Rosberg through at a crucial stage of the race . The German , who made one more pit stop than his teammate , showed his impatience on race radio . "  Why is he not letting me through , " he complained . Hamilton countered by saying Rosberg had not been close enough . "  I 'll let him through if he gets closer , " he said . "  I 'm not slowing down for Nico ... " The 2008 world champion 's stubborness looked set to be rewarded by a remarkable victory as he closed on Alonso , whose own tires were losing their grip . But Ricciardo , who won earlier this season in Canada , was the fastest off all the front runners and first went past Hamilton before surging clear of Alonso . Rosberg , who still leads the championship from Hamilton by 11 points , was making up about three seconds per lap on the top three after his stop for new tires , but his charge came too late . Hamilton , whose challenge was so nearly over on the opening lap , was helped by the safety car being deployed twice as drivers crashed out on a wet but drying track . The first safety car disadvantaged Rosberg , who looked impregnable in first place after starting from pole . Ricciardo was among those who were able to switch to slick tires at that point , while Rosberg had to wait an extra lap and lost position . "  It feels as good as the first win , it really does , " said Ricciardo at the trophy presentation . "  The safety car at first played to our advantage but the second one did n't really help us , but we got there in the end and I had to do the overtaking at the end which was fun . " Felipe Massa for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari showed their experience by finishing fifth and sixth with four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took seventh , again overshadowed by his young Red Bull teammate Ricciardo . Vettel was the last driver to start from the pit lane and take a podium spot in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix of 2012 and Hamilton was delighted to emulate him after a fire in his engine wrecked his qualifying effort on Saturday . "  It 's been a crazy weekend , " he said . "  The car has been fantastic but there were a lot of points lost this weekend . The brakes were very , very cold  at the start  and I was gone but I got going again and managed to push on from there . " But the ramifications of his refusal to follow team orders is set to rumble on with Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff telling gathered reporters there would be an internal inquiry , but "  no knee-jerk reaction . "	Fernando Alonso takes fine second in his Ferrari
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo drove the race of his young life to secure an unlikely victory for Red Bull Sunday in an incident-packed Hungarian Grand Prix which saw Lewis Hamilton ignore Mercedes team orders to let title leader Nico Rosberg through . Australia 's Ricciardo overtook two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the lead on lap 68 of 70 at the Hungaroring for his second victory of the season . Lewis Hamilton claimed the final podium spot after starting from the pit lane and spinning off the track on the first lap with Rosberg in fourth place . But the intense rivalry between the pair reached a head when Hamilton refused to allow Rosberg through at a crucial stage of the race . The German , who made one more pit stop than his teammate , showed his impatience on race radio . "  Why is he not letting me through , " he complained . Hamilton countered by saying Rosberg had not been close enough . "  I 'll let him through if he gets closer , " he said . "  I 'm not slowing down for Nico ... " The 2008 world champion 's stubborness looked set to be rewarded by a remarkable victory as he closed on Alonso , whose own tires were losing their grip . But Ricciardo , who won earlier this season in Canada , was the fastest off all the front runners and first went past Hamilton before surging clear of Alonso . Rosberg , who still leads the championship from Hamilton by 11 points , was making up about three seconds per lap on the top three after his stop for new tires , but his charge came too late . Hamilton , whose challenge was so nearly over on the opening lap , was helped by the safety car being deployed twice as drivers crashed out on a wet but drying track . The first safety car disadvantaged Rosberg , who looked impregnable in first place after starting from pole . Ricciardo was among those who were able to switch to slick tires at that point , while Rosberg had to wait an extra lap and lost position . "  It feels as good as the first win , it really does , " said Ricciardo at the trophy presentation . "  The safety car at first played to our advantage but the second one did n't really help us , but we got there in the end and I had to do the overtaking at the end which was fun . " Felipe Massa for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari showed their experience by finishing fifth and sixth with four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took seventh , again overshadowed by his young Red Bull teammate Ricciardo . Vettel was the last driver to start from the pit lane and take a podium spot in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix of 2012 and Hamilton was delighted to emulate him after a fire in his engine wrecked his qualifying effort on Saturday . "  It 's been a crazy weekend , " he said . "  The car has been fantastic but there were a lot of points lost this weekend . The brakes were very , very cold  at the start  and I was gone but I got going again and managed to push on from there . " But the ramifications of his refusal to follow team orders is set to rumble on with Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff telling gathered reporters there would be an internal inquiry , but "  no knee-jerk reaction . "	Lewis Hamilton in third after starting from pit lane
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo drove the race of his young life to secure an unlikely victory for Red Bull Sunday in an incident-packed Hungarian Grand Prix which saw Lewis Hamilton ignore Mercedes team orders to let title leader Nico Rosberg through . Australia 's Ricciardo overtook two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the lead on lap 68 of 70 at the Hungaroring for his second victory of the season . Lewis Hamilton claimed the final podium spot after starting from the pit lane and spinning off the track on the first lap with Rosberg in fourth place . But the intense rivalry between the pair reached a head when Hamilton refused to allow Rosberg through at a crucial stage of the race . The German , who made one more pit stop than his teammate , showed his impatience on race radio . "  Why is he not letting me through , " he complained . Hamilton countered by saying Rosberg had not been close enough . "  I 'll let him through if he gets closer , " he said . "  I 'm not slowing down for Nico ... " The 2008 world champion 's stubborness looked set to be rewarded by a remarkable victory as he closed on Alonso , whose own tires were losing their grip . But Ricciardo , who won earlier this season in Canada , was the fastest off all the front runners and first went past Hamilton before surging clear of Alonso . Rosberg , who still leads the championship from Hamilton by 11 points , was making up about three seconds per lap on the top three after his stop for new tires , but his charge came too late . Hamilton , whose challenge was so nearly over on the opening lap , was helped by the safety car being deployed twice as drivers crashed out on a wet but drying track . The first safety car disadvantaged Rosberg , who looked impregnable in first place after starting from pole . Ricciardo was among those who were able to switch to slick tires at that point , while Rosberg had to wait an extra lap and lost position . "  It feels as good as the first win , it really does , " said Ricciardo at the trophy presentation . "  The safety car at first played to our advantage but the second one did n't really help us , but we got there in the end and I had to do the overtaking at the end which was fun . " Felipe Massa for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari showed their experience by finishing fifth and sixth with four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took seventh , again overshadowed by his young Red Bull teammate Ricciardo . Vettel was the last driver to start from the pit lane and take a podium spot in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix of 2012 and Hamilton was delighted to emulate him after a fire in his engine wrecked his qualifying effort on Saturday . "  It 's been a crazy weekend , " he said . "  The car has been fantastic but there were a lot of points lost this weekend . The brakes were very , very cold  at the start  and I was gone but I got going again and managed to push on from there . " But the ramifications of his refusal to follow team orders is set to rumble on with Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff telling gathered reporters there would be an internal inquiry , but "  no knee-jerk reaction . "	Hamilton ignored team orders to move over for Nico Rosberg
CNN  -- BP has said it hopes to have a relief well in place in August to permanently cut off the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . The company has said the operation is the best sure-fire way of plugging the massive oil leak . A relief well is a well drilled into the existing well , intercepting the flow and allowing a specialized heavy liquid to be pumped into the flowing well to bring it under control . BP began drilling the first relief well on May 2 and started drilling a second one two weeks later . The wells are being dug to a depth of about 18,000 feet , just above the oil reservoir . Once one hits the original pipe , just 7 inches in diameter , drilling mud will be shot into it to stop the spewing oil . Cement will then be used to permanently seal it . The second relief well is part of a contingency plan in case the first well encounters any delays . Relief wells have been used to plug two other large blowout spills . In 1979 , it took nearly 10 months to seal the world 's largest spill in Mexico 's Bay of Campeche . More recently , an Australian accident last year known as the Montara spill , was plugged after nearly four months . In both cases , efforts such as those used to try to stop the Deepwater Horizon spill -- containment domes and junk shots -- were fruitless . And it took multiple tries before the relief wells reached the original wells .	Relief wells may be used to stop oil gushing into Gulf
CNN  -- BP has said it hopes to have a relief well in place in August to permanently cut off the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . The company has said the operation is the best sure-fire way of plugging the massive oil leak . A relief well is a well drilled into the existing well , intercepting the flow and allowing a specialized heavy liquid to be pumped into the flowing well to bring it under control . BP began drilling the first relief well on May 2 and started drilling a second one two weeks later . The wells are being dug to a depth of about 18,000 feet , just above the oil reservoir . Once one hits the original pipe , just 7 inches in diameter , drilling mud will be shot into it to stop the spewing oil . Cement will then be used to permanently seal it . The second relief well is part of a contingency plan in case the first well encounters any delays . Relief wells have been used to plug two other large blowout spills . In 1979 , it took nearly 10 months to seal the world 's largest spill in Mexico 's Bay of Campeche . More recently , an Australian accident last year known as the Montara spill , was plugged after nearly four months . In both cases , efforts such as those used to try to stop the Deepwater Horizon spill -- containment domes and junk shots -- were fruitless . And it took multiple tries before the relief wells reached the original wells .	BP hopes to have a well in place by August
CNN  -- BP has said it hopes to have a relief well in place in August to permanently cut off the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . The company has said the operation is the best sure-fire way of plugging the massive oil leak . A relief well is a well drilled into the existing well , intercepting the flow and allowing a specialized heavy liquid to be pumped into the flowing well to bring it under control . BP began drilling the first relief well on May 2 and started drilling a second one two weeks later . The wells are being dug to a depth of about 18,000 feet , just above the oil reservoir . Once one hits the original pipe , just 7 inches in diameter , drilling mud will be shot into it to stop the spewing oil . Cement will then be used to permanently seal it . The second relief well is part of a contingency plan in case the first well encounters any delays . Relief wells have been used to plug two other large blowout spills . In 1979 , it took nearly 10 months to seal the world 's largest spill in Mexico 's Bay of Campeche . More recently , an Australian accident last year known as the Montara spill , was plugged after nearly four months . In both cases , efforts such as those used to try to stop the Deepwater Horizon spill -- containment domes and junk shots -- were fruitless . And it took multiple tries before the relief wells reached the original wells .	Drilling for the first well began on May 2
Health.com  -- Caffeinated alcoholic beverages such as Four Loko have come under fire from lawmakers and public health officials in recent weeks , following reports of hospitalizations and even some deaths tied to the potent drinks . Now , a new study suggests that combining caffeine and alcohol can pose a risk to young people even when the substances are n't mixed in the same can or cup . College students who consume nonalcoholic energy drinks such as Red Bull at least once a week are more than twice as likely as their peers to show signs of alcohol dependence , including withdrawal symptoms and an inability to cut back on drinking , according to the study . Health.com : Do you have a drinking problem ? "  The odds were fairly strong , especially when you look at the dose of energy drink used , " says the lead researcher , Amelia Arria , PhD , director of the Center on Young Adult Health and Development at the University of Maryland School of Public Health , in College Park . The study , which appears in the journal Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research , was based on interviews with about 1,100 college seniors . The findings do not show cause and effect , and it 's unclear whether energy-drink consumption is directly linked to alcohol problems . For instance , students who spend a lot of time partying may simply be more likely to resort to energy drinks to help them pull all-nighters and cram for tests , the researchers say . On the other hand , energy-drink consumption could be a more immediate symptom of alcohol problems -- if a student often drinks Red Bull in the morning to shake off hangovers , say . Health.com : Being choosy about booze helps avoid hangover  to a point Another possibility is that energy drinks actively contribute to problem drinking . If mixed with alcohol -- a common practice among college students -- caffeine-laden energy drinks can prolong drinking sessions and mask the feeling of drunkenness , potentially raising the risk for dangerous binges and behavior .  This has been the main concern with caffeinated alcoholic beverages , including Four Loko . "  Caffeine keeps you awake but just as impaired , " Arria says . "  You may feel as if you can get into a car or play a risky game . That 's why this feeling of wide awake drunkenness is more dangerous . " A similar dynamic can exacerbate alcohol problems over the long term , says Jeffrey Parsons , PhD , a professor of psychology and public health at Hunter College , in New York City . Consuming energy drinks "  masks the extent of the drinking in such a way that it can sneak up on people , " he says . "  They do n't realize that they 're developing the problematic patterns that are characteristic of alcohol abuse and dependence . " Health.com : Can a bigger booze tax reduce disease , crime ? Nearly two-thirds of the students in the study reported having an energy drink in the past year , and just over half said they consumed the drinks about once a month or less . About 10 percent of the students consumed the drinks weekly , and roughly 3 percent did so daily , or almost daily . Red Bull was the most popular drink . Compared to those who consumed energy drinks rarely or not at all , students who consumed them at least once a week drank alcohol more frequently and in greater amounts , on average . They were also more likely to experience blackouts , skip class or other activities due to hangovers , be involved in a fraternity or sorority , and meet the criteria for alcohol dependence . The researchers took into account a number of other student characteristics , including sex , race , socioeconomic status , depression symptoms , and total alcohol consumption . Factors such as depression were associated with alcohol problems , as expected , but energy-drink consumption was independently linked to alcohol dependence even after controlling for all risk factors . Health.com : Family , friends are big influence on drinking Energy drinks -- which include brands such as Monster , Rockstar , and Amp , in addition to Red Bull  by far the market leader  -- generated about $ 5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008 and have skyrocketed in popularity . Although the economic downturn appears to have somewhat slowed their growth , sales of the beverages in the U.S. increased by 136 percent between 2005 and 2009 , according to the market research firm Mintel . The American Beverage Association , a trade group that represents the makers and distributors of nonalcoholic beverages  including Red Bull , Monster , Rockstar , and Amp  , emphasized in a statement that the study did not prove a direct link between energy-drink consumption and alcohol problems . The findings "  do not show that energy drinks encourage misuse of alcohol in any way and state that further research is warranted , " the association said . The association also said that the amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee .  In the study , Arria and her colleagues did control for caffeine intake from sources other than energy drinks . Energy drinks contain anywhere from 50 to 500 milligrams of caffeine per can , but the caffeine content is largely unregulated and is n't required to be listed on the label , Arria says . Health.com : 12 surprising sources of caffeine In 2009 , Arria joined a group of scientists in asking the FDA to review the safety of premixed caffeinated alcoholic drinks . Although the new study did not look specifically at these products , the risk of alcohol dependence associated with drinks such as Four Loko may be even greater , Parsons says . People with alcohol problems who are determined to mix caffeine and alcohol "  do n't need help from the manufacturer , " he explains . "  But for those who have n't developed a problem , the ease with which they can get drinks that have the combination in them makes it more likely they 're going to try these out in a way that can potentially have negative consequences . " The Food and Drug Administration is expected to make an announcement about caffeinated alcoholic beverages on Wednesday , according to news reports . In a press release , Senator Charles Schumer  D -- N.Y.  said Tuesday that the FDA "  will rule that caffeine is an unsafe food additive to alcohol beverages , " effectively banning the sale of the beverages in the U.S. Copyright Health Magazine 2010	The amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee
Health.com  -- Caffeinated alcoholic beverages such as Four Loko have come under fire from lawmakers and public health officials in recent weeks , following reports of hospitalizations and even some deaths tied to the potent drinks . Now , a new study suggests that combining caffeine and alcohol can pose a risk to young people even when the substances are n't mixed in the same can or cup . College students who consume nonalcoholic energy drinks such as Red Bull at least once a week are more than twice as likely as their peers to show signs of alcohol dependence , including withdrawal symptoms and an inability to cut back on drinking , according to the study . Health.com : Do you have a drinking problem ? "  The odds were fairly strong , especially when you look at the dose of energy drink used , " says the lead researcher , Amelia Arria , PhD , director of the Center on Young Adult Health and Development at the University of Maryland School of Public Health , in College Park . The study , which appears in the journal Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research , was based on interviews with about 1,100 college seniors . The findings do not show cause and effect , and it 's unclear whether energy-drink consumption is directly linked to alcohol problems . For instance , students who spend a lot of time partying may simply be more likely to resort to energy drinks to help them pull all-nighters and cram for tests , the researchers say . On the other hand , energy-drink consumption could be a more immediate symptom of alcohol problems -- if a student often drinks Red Bull in the morning to shake off hangovers , say . Health.com : Being choosy about booze helps avoid hangover  to a point Another possibility is that energy drinks actively contribute to problem drinking . If mixed with alcohol -- a common practice among college students -- caffeine-laden energy drinks can prolong drinking sessions and mask the feeling of drunkenness , potentially raising the risk for dangerous binges and behavior .  This has been the main concern with caffeinated alcoholic beverages , including Four Loko . "  Caffeine keeps you awake but just as impaired , " Arria says . "  You may feel as if you can get into a car or play a risky game . That 's why this feeling of wide awake drunkenness is more dangerous . " A similar dynamic can exacerbate alcohol problems over the long term , says Jeffrey Parsons , PhD , a professor of psychology and public health at Hunter College , in New York City . Consuming energy drinks "  masks the extent of the drinking in such a way that it can sneak up on people , " he says . "  They do n't realize that they 're developing the problematic patterns that are characteristic of alcohol abuse and dependence . " Health.com : Can a bigger booze tax reduce disease , crime ? Nearly two-thirds of the students in the study reported having an energy drink in the past year , and just over half said they consumed the drinks about once a month or less . About 10 percent of the students consumed the drinks weekly , and roughly 3 percent did so daily , or almost daily . Red Bull was the most popular drink . Compared to those who consumed energy drinks rarely or not at all , students who consumed them at least once a week drank alcohol more frequently and in greater amounts , on average . They were also more likely to experience blackouts , skip class or other activities due to hangovers , be involved in a fraternity or sorority , and meet the criteria for alcohol dependence . The researchers took into account a number of other student characteristics , including sex , race , socioeconomic status , depression symptoms , and total alcohol consumption . Factors such as depression were associated with alcohol problems , as expected , but energy-drink consumption was independently linked to alcohol dependence even after controlling for all risk factors . Health.com : Family , friends are big influence on drinking Energy drinks -- which include brands such as Monster , Rockstar , and Amp , in addition to Red Bull  by far the market leader  -- generated about $ 5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008 and have skyrocketed in popularity . Although the economic downturn appears to have somewhat slowed their growth , sales of the beverages in the U.S. increased by 136 percent between 2005 and 2009 , according to the market research firm Mintel . The American Beverage Association , a trade group that represents the makers and distributors of nonalcoholic beverages  including Red Bull , Monster , Rockstar , and Amp  , emphasized in a statement that the study did not prove a direct link between energy-drink consumption and alcohol problems . The findings "  do not show that energy drinks encourage misuse of alcohol in any way and state that further research is warranted , " the association said . The association also said that the amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee .  In the study , Arria and her colleagues did control for caffeine intake from sources other than energy drinks . Energy drinks contain anywhere from 50 to 500 milligrams of caffeine per can , but the caffeine content is largely unregulated and is n't required to be listed on the label , Arria says . Health.com : 12 surprising sources of caffeine In 2009 , Arria joined a group of scientists in asking the FDA to review the safety of premixed caffeinated alcoholic drinks . Although the new study did not look specifically at these products , the risk of alcohol dependence associated with drinks such as Four Loko may be even greater , Parsons says . People with alcohol problems who are determined to mix caffeine and alcohol "  do n't need help from the manufacturer , " he explains . "  But for those who have n't developed a problem , the ease with which they can get drinks that have the combination in them makes it more likely they 're going to try these out in a way that can potentially have negative consequences . " The Food and Drug Administration is expected to make an announcement about caffeinated alcoholic beverages on Wednesday , according to news reports . In a press release , Senator Charles Schumer  D -- N.Y.  said Tuesday that the FDA "  will rule that caffeine is an unsafe food additive to alcohol beverages , " effectively banning the sale of the beverages in the U.S. Copyright Health Magazine 2010	It 's unclear whether energy-drink consumption is directly linked to alcohol problems
Health.com  -- Caffeinated alcoholic beverages such as Four Loko have come under fire from lawmakers and public health officials in recent weeks , following reports of hospitalizations and even some deaths tied to the potent drinks . Now , a new study suggests that combining caffeine and alcohol can pose a risk to young people even when the substances are n't mixed in the same can or cup . College students who consume nonalcoholic energy drinks such as Red Bull at least once a week are more than twice as likely as their peers to show signs of alcohol dependence , including withdrawal symptoms and an inability to cut back on drinking , according to the study . Health.com : Do you have a drinking problem ? "  The odds were fairly strong , especially when you look at the dose of energy drink used , " says the lead researcher , Amelia Arria , PhD , director of the Center on Young Adult Health and Development at the University of Maryland School of Public Health , in College Park . The study , which appears in the journal Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research , was based on interviews with about 1,100 college seniors . The findings do not show cause and effect , and it 's unclear whether energy-drink consumption is directly linked to alcohol problems . For instance , students who spend a lot of time partying may simply be more likely to resort to energy drinks to help them pull all-nighters and cram for tests , the researchers say . On the other hand , energy-drink consumption could be a more immediate symptom of alcohol problems -- if a student often drinks Red Bull in the morning to shake off hangovers , say . Health.com : Being choosy about booze helps avoid hangover  to a point Another possibility is that energy drinks actively contribute to problem drinking . If mixed with alcohol -- a common practice among college students -- caffeine-laden energy drinks can prolong drinking sessions and mask the feeling of drunkenness , potentially raising the risk for dangerous binges and behavior .  This has been the main concern with caffeinated alcoholic beverages , including Four Loko . "  Caffeine keeps you awake but just as impaired , " Arria says . "  You may feel as if you can get into a car or play a risky game . That 's why this feeling of wide awake drunkenness is more dangerous . " A similar dynamic can exacerbate alcohol problems over the long term , says Jeffrey Parsons , PhD , a professor of psychology and public health at Hunter College , in New York City . Consuming energy drinks "  masks the extent of the drinking in such a way that it can sneak up on people , " he says . "  They do n't realize that they 're developing the problematic patterns that are characteristic of alcohol abuse and dependence . " Health.com : Can a bigger booze tax reduce disease , crime ? Nearly two-thirds of the students in the study reported having an energy drink in the past year , and just over half said they consumed the drinks about once a month or less . About 10 percent of the students consumed the drinks weekly , and roughly 3 percent did so daily , or almost daily . Red Bull was the most popular drink . Compared to those who consumed energy drinks rarely or not at all , students who consumed them at least once a week drank alcohol more frequently and in greater amounts , on average . They were also more likely to experience blackouts , skip class or other activities due to hangovers , be involved in a fraternity or sorority , and meet the criteria for alcohol dependence . The researchers took into account a number of other student characteristics , including sex , race , socioeconomic status , depression symptoms , and total alcohol consumption . Factors such as depression were associated with alcohol problems , as expected , but energy-drink consumption was independently linked to alcohol dependence even after controlling for all risk factors . Health.com : Family , friends are big influence on drinking Energy drinks -- which include brands such as Monster , Rockstar , and Amp , in addition to Red Bull  by far the market leader  -- generated about $ 5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008 and have skyrocketed in popularity . Although the economic downturn appears to have somewhat slowed their growth , sales of the beverages in the U.S. increased by 136 percent between 2005 and 2009 , according to the market research firm Mintel . The American Beverage Association , a trade group that represents the makers and distributors of nonalcoholic beverages  including Red Bull , Monster , Rockstar , and Amp  , emphasized in a statement that the study did not prove a direct link between energy-drink consumption and alcohol problems . The findings "  do not show that energy drinks encourage misuse of alcohol in any way and state that further research is warranted , " the association said . The association also said that the amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee .  In the study , Arria and her colleagues did control for caffeine intake from sources other than energy drinks . Energy drinks contain anywhere from 50 to 500 milligrams of caffeine per can , but the caffeine content is largely unregulated and is n't required to be listed on the label , Arria says . Health.com : 12 surprising sources of caffeine In 2009 , Arria joined a group of scientists in asking the FDA to review the safety of premixed caffeinated alcoholic drinks . Although the new study did not look specifically at these products , the risk of alcohol dependence associated with drinks such as Four Loko may be even greater , Parsons says . People with alcohol problems who are determined to mix caffeine and alcohol "  do n't need help from the manufacturer , " he explains . "  But for those who have n't developed a problem , the ease with which they can get drinks that have the combination in them makes it more likely they 're going to try these out in a way that can potentially have negative consequences . " The Food and Drug Administration is expected to make an announcement about caffeinated alcoholic beverages on Wednesday , according to news reports . In a press release , Senator Charles Schumer  D -- N.Y.  said Tuesday that the FDA "  will rule that caffeine is an unsafe food additive to alcohol beverages , " effectively banning the sale of the beverages in the U.S. Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Energy drinks generated about $ 5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008
Witnesses say as many as 500 migrants died in the Mediterranean Sea when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat , the International Organization for Migration said Tuesday . The survivors -- both Palestinian men from Gaza who were rescued separately after days in the water clinging to flotation aids -- said they had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta in Egypt and left on September 6 . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Two survivors interviewed by the IOM and Italian police in Sicily said the traffickers became enraged after the migrants -- who had already switched to small boats three times during their four days at sea -- refused to move to a smaller vessel . The migrants said they 'd rather go back to Egypt than continue on in an even smaller vessel that they believed was not seaworthy . The Palestinians ' account was corroborated by several other survivors who were interviewed on the Greek island of Crete , the IOM said . They said the smugglers , who they said were Palestinians and Egyptians , had begun yelling and throwing sticks at the migrants after they refused to leave the boat before then ramming the vessel . Some migrants managed to jump into the smaller boat , while one passenger "  killed himself in despair by hanging , " a survivor said . "  After they hit our boat , they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " he added . IOM : Many children among dead By Tuesday morning , authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece confirmed the rescue of 10 migrants from the lost vessel , the IOM said . Three bodies have also been found . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians , Egyptians and Sudanese , the witnesses said . The two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . Four buses took them to the Egyptian port near Alexandria , where about 200 people got on the ship 's first deck and the other 300 people on the bottom deck . Survivors surmised that those below deck were unable to escape the sinking boat and drowned almost immediately . Some people managed to stay afloat for three days , only to be done in by strong winds and waves that moved through the area . ' "  If survivors ' reports are confirmed , this will be the worst shipwreck of migrants in years , not an accidental tragedy , but the apparent deliberate drowning of migrants by criminal gangs who extort money for their desperate journeys , " said IOM spokesman Leonard Doyle . "  Their actions are as callous as they are evil . " Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat ` Shocking and unacceptable ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . "  The numbers dying off Europe 's coasts are shocking and unacceptable , " said IOM director general William Lacy Swing . "  These are women , children and men who only hope for a more dignified life . The risks they take reflect their desperation and we can not keep abandoning them to their fate . " Authorities are also investigating reports that 200 more people are missing off Libya and that another 15 drowned off the coast of Egypt , the IOM said . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea .	Two survivors say they 'd paid $ 2,000 at a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy
Witnesses say as many as 500 migrants died in the Mediterranean Sea when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat , the International Organization for Migration said Tuesday . The survivors -- both Palestinian men from Gaza who were rescued separately after days in the water clinging to flotation aids -- said they had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta in Egypt and left on September 6 . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Two survivors interviewed by the IOM and Italian police in Sicily said the traffickers became enraged after the migrants -- who had already switched to small boats three times during their four days at sea -- refused to move to a smaller vessel . The migrants said they 'd rather go back to Egypt than continue on in an even smaller vessel that they believed was not seaworthy . The Palestinians ' account was corroborated by several other survivors who were interviewed on the Greek island of Crete , the IOM said . They said the smugglers , who they said were Palestinians and Egyptians , had begun yelling and throwing sticks at the migrants after they refused to leave the boat before then ramming the vessel . Some migrants managed to jump into the smaller boat , while one passenger "  killed himself in despair by hanging , " a survivor said . "  After they hit our boat , they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " he added . IOM : Many children among dead By Tuesday morning , authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece confirmed the rescue of 10 migrants from the lost vessel , the IOM said . Three bodies have also been found . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians , Egyptians and Sudanese , the witnesses said . The two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . Four buses took them to the Egyptian port near Alexandria , where about 200 people got on the ship 's first deck and the other 300 people on the bottom deck . Survivors surmised that those below deck were unable to escape the sinking boat and drowned almost immediately . Some people managed to stay afloat for three days , only to be done in by strong winds and waves that moved through the area . ' "  If survivors ' reports are confirmed , this will be the worst shipwreck of migrants in years , not an accidental tragedy , but the apparent deliberate drowning of migrants by criminal gangs who extort money for their desperate journeys , " said IOM spokesman Leonard Doyle . "  Their actions are as callous as they are evil . " Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat ` Shocking and unacceptable ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . "  The numbers dying off Europe 's coasts are shocking and unacceptable , " said IOM director general William Lacy Swing . "  These are women , children and men who only hope for a more dignified life . The risks they take reflect their desperation and we can not keep abandoning them to their fate . " Authorities are also investigating reports that 200 more people are missing off Libya and that another 15 drowned off the coast of Egypt , the IOM said . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea .	Migrant shipwreck survivors : Human smugglers deliberately sank the vessel
Witnesses say as many as 500 migrants died in the Mediterranean Sea when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat , the International Organization for Migration said Tuesday . The survivors -- both Palestinian men from Gaza who were rescued separately after days in the water clinging to flotation aids -- said they had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta in Egypt and left on September 6 . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Two survivors interviewed by the IOM and Italian police in Sicily said the traffickers became enraged after the migrants -- who had already switched to small boats three times during their four days at sea -- refused to move to a smaller vessel . The migrants said they 'd rather go back to Egypt than continue on in an even smaller vessel that they believed was not seaworthy . The Palestinians ' account was corroborated by several other survivors who were interviewed on the Greek island of Crete , the IOM said . They said the smugglers , who they said were Palestinians and Egyptians , had begun yelling and throwing sticks at the migrants after they refused to leave the boat before then ramming the vessel . Some migrants managed to jump into the smaller boat , while one passenger "  killed himself in despair by hanging , " a survivor said . "  After they hit our boat , they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " he added . IOM : Many children among dead By Tuesday morning , authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece confirmed the rescue of 10 migrants from the lost vessel , the IOM said . Three bodies have also been found . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians , Egyptians and Sudanese , the witnesses said . The two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . Four buses took them to the Egyptian port near Alexandria , where about 200 people got on the ship 's first deck and the other 300 people on the bottom deck . Survivors surmised that those below deck were unable to escape the sinking boat and drowned almost immediately . Some people managed to stay afloat for three days , only to be done in by strong winds and waves that moved through the area . ' "  If survivors ' reports are confirmed , this will be the worst shipwreck of migrants in years , not an accidental tragedy , but the apparent deliberate drowning of migrants by criminal gangs who extort money for their desperate journeys , " said IOM spokesman Leonard Doyle . "  Their actions are as callous as they are evil . " Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat ` Shocking and unacceptable ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . "  The numbers dying off Europe 's coasts are shocking and unacceptable , " said IOM director general William Lacy Swing . "  These are women , children and men who only hope for a more dignified life . The risks they take reflect their desperation and we can not keep abandoning them to their fate . " Authorities are also investigating reports that 200 more people are missing off Libya and that another 15 drowned off the coast of Egypt , the IOM said . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea .	Survivors : Traffickers became enraged and rammed the boat after they disobeyed them
Witnesses say as many as 500 migrants died in the Mediterranean Sea when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat , the International Organization for Migration said Tuesday . The survivors -- both Palestinian men from Gaza who were rescued separately after days in the water clinging to flotation aids -- said they had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta in Egypt and left on September 6 . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Two survivors interviewed by the IOM and Italian police in Sicily said the traffickers became enraged after the migrants -- who had already switched to small boats three times during their four days at sea -- refused to move to a smaller vessel . The migrants said they 'd rather go back to Egypt than continue on in an even smaller vessel that they believed was not seaworthy . The Palestinians ' account was corroborated by several other survivors who were interviewed on the Greek island of Crete , the IOM said . They said the smugglers , who they said were Palestinians and Egyptians , had begun yelling and throwing sticks at the migrants after they refused to leave the boat before then ramming the vessel . Some migrants managed to jump into the smaller boat , while one passenger "  killed himself in despair by hanging , " a survivor said . "  After they hit our boat , they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " he added . IOM : Many children among dead By Tuesday morning , authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece confirmed the rescue of 10 migrants from the lost vessel , the IOM said . Three bodies have also been found . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians , Egyptians and Sudanese , the witnesses said . The two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . Four buses took them to the Egyptian port near Alexandria , where about 200 people got on the ship 's first deck and the other 300 people on the bottom deck . Survivors surmised that those below deck were unable to escape the sinking boat and drowned almost immediately . Some people managed to stay afloat for three days , only to be done in by strong winds and waves that moved through the area . ' "  If survivors ' reports are confirmed , this will be the worst shipwreck of migrants in years , not an accidental tragedy , but the apparent deliberate drowning of migrants by criminal gangs who extort money for their desperate journeys , " said IOM spokesman Leonard Doyle . "  Their actions are as callous as they are evil . " Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat ` Shocking and unacceptable ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . "  The numbers dying off Europe 's coasts are shocking and unacceptable , " said IOM director general William Lacy Swing . "  These are women , children and men who only hope for a more dignified life . The risks they take reflect their desperation and we can not keep abandoning them to their fate . " Authorities are also investigating reports that 200 more people are missing off Libya and that another 15 drowned off the coast of Egypt , the IOM said . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea .	The IOM believes as many as 100 children may have been on board the boat
Baltimore  CNN  The streets of Baltimore are calm once again . For the second night in a row , protesters peacefully dispersed Wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city two days earlier . Many wore T-shirts that said "  Black Lives Matter , " demanding accountability for the death of Freddie Gray . While the Baltimore protesters remained calm , some of their counterparts across the country were not . More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "  NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore " rally Wednesday night , New York police said . And Denver police arrested 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders and obstructing roadways . All this comes as protesters demand to know what happened to Gray , who was arrested April 12 and suffered a severe spinal cord injury . He died one week later . Demonstrations are planned for Thursday in Cincinnati , CNN affiliate WXIX said . And a "  Philly is Baltimore " protest will take place at Philadelphia City Hall , Philly.com said . Seattle , Portland , Oregon , and Oakland , California , are on tap for Friday , which is also May Day or International Workers Day -- often used to call attention to issues affecting the working class and minorities . More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday without charges , the state public defender 's office said . Authorities either had to charge or release them within 48 hours of their arrests . "  We 've come up on a time line , " said Police Commissioner Anthony Batts . But , he added : "  We 're not giving up on them . We 're just going to follow up . " Enya Baez-Ferreras , a student at Johns Hopkins University , joined in the protests Wednesday . She said the violence that marred Baltimore this week is not reflective of the city . "  Baltimore is not violent . We have been under a lot of duress , and the violence that erupted the other day is only in reaction to the years and decades of oppression , of police brutality , of harassment that many of the Baltimore residents have been under , " she said . President Barack Obama denounced the "  violence , looting , destruction that we saw from a handful of individuals in Baltimore . " "  There 's no excuse for that , " he said in an interview that aired Wednesday on "  The Steve Harvey Morning Show . " Obama said his "  heart goes out " to injured officers , and he praised police who he said "  showed appropriate restraint . " But he also talked about the state of urban communities . "  If you send police officers into those situations where the drug trade is the primary economy and you say to them basically your job is to contain that and arrest kids and put them in jail , when those police officers know  it 's not going to fix things  , then it 's not surprising you end up with a situation of enormous tension between those communities and those police officers , " he said . Obama : Baltimore rioting ` hurts communities that are already suffering ' The relative calm that took over Baltimore can be credited in part to peaceful protesters who formed human barricades between hot-tempered demonstrators and police , day and night . "  We show that we can police ourselves , " said a man who stood for hours in what protesters called a "  unity line . " "  We 're about positivity here in Baltimore . It starts with us . This long line of people came out here because what we seen on TV  Monday night  , we did n't like it . " The city implemented a 10 p.m.-to-5 a.m. curfew for a one-week period that started Tuesday . Asked if she was considering lifting the curfew early , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake told CNN 's Chris Cuomo she had not made a decision yet . "  We re-evaluate it on a daily basis , " the mayor said Thursday morning . Many residents credited police for not overreacting after the curfew went into effect Tuesday night , setting the tone for peaceful dispersal "  The police did a fantastic job tonight , " one person commented on Twitter . "  Technically they could of arrested everyone at 10:01 . " Some 2,000 National Guardsmen and more than 1,000 police officers from across Maryland and neighboring states were assigned to the streets of Baltimore on Tuesday night , Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said . Opinion : In Baltimore riots , ` our hearts were broken ' While there was no major damage Wednesday , the recovery from Monday 's destruction is far from over . Many saw their homes and vehicles damaged , their livelihoods in shambles . So residents like Cindy Oxendine took to the streets to sweep up rocks , glass and more , despite her aching back . The governor 's office has started a website for those wanting to help Baltimore recover from this week 's riots . "  We have received an outpouring of support from Marylanders and people all around the country who want to help get our beloved Baltimore back on its feet in the wake of the violence and destruction , " Hogan said in a statement . The website , governor.maryland.gov / mdunites / , allows visitors to volunteer for cleanup efforts , donate to charities helping affected residents and report new incidents to police . Some leaders slam ` thug ' as the new n-word CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Baltimore ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez , Greg Botelho , Dana Ford and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	Protests spread to New York and Denver , with more scheduled for other cities
Baltimore  CNN  The streets of Baltimore are calm once again . For the second night in a row , protesters peacefully dispersed Wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city two days earlier . Many wore T-shirts that said "  Black Lives Matter , " demanding accountability for the death of Freddie Gray . While the Baltimore protesters remained calm , some of their counterparts across the country were not . More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "  NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore " rally Wednesday night , New York police said . And Denver police arrested 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders and obstructing roadways . All this comes as protesters demand to know what happened to Gray , who was arrested April 12 and suffered a severe spinal cord injury . He died one week later . Demonstrations are planned for Thursday in Cincinnati , CNN affiliate WXIX said . And a "  Philly is Baltimore " protest will take place at Philadelphia City Hall , Philly.com said . Seattle , Portland , Oregon , and Oakland , California , are on tap for Friday , which is also May Day or International Workers Day -- often used to call attention to issues affecting the working class and minorities . More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday without charges , the state public defender 's office said . Authorities either had to charge or release them within 48 hours of their arrests . "  We 've come up on a time line , " said Police Commissioner Anthony Batts . But , he added : "  We 're not giving up on them . We 're just going to follow up . " Enya Baez-Ferreras , a student at Johns Hopkins University , joined in the protests Wednesday . She said the violence that marred Baltimore this week is not reflective of the city . "  Baltimore is not violent . We have been under a lot of duress , and the violence that erupted the other day is only in reaction to the years and decades of oppression , of police brutality , of harassment that many of the Baltimore residents have been under , " she said . President Barack Obama denounced the "  violence , looting , destruction that we saw from a handful of individuals in Baltimore . " "  There 's no excuse for that , " he said in an interview that aired Wednesday on "  The Steve Harvey Morning Show . " Obama said his "  heart goes out " to injured officers , and he praised police who he said "  showed appropriate restraint . " But he also talked about the state of urban communities . "  If you send police officers into those situations where the drug trade is the primary economy and you say to them basically your job is to contain that and arrest kids and put them in jail , when those police officers know  it 's not going to fix things  , then it 's not surprising you end up with a situation of enormous tension between those communities and those police officers , " he said . Obama : Baltimore rioting ` hurts communities that are already suffering ' The relative calm that took over Baltimore can be credited in part to peaceful protesters who formed human barricades between hot-tempered demonstrators and police , day and night . "  We show that we can police ourselves , " said a man who stood for hours in what protesters called a "  unity line . " "  We 're about positivity here in Baltimore . It starts with us . This long line of people came out here because what we seen on TV  Monday night  , we did n't like it . " The city implemented a 10 p.m.-to-5 a.m. curfew for a one-week period that started Tuesday . Asked if she was considering lifting the curfew early , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake told CNN 's Chris Cuomo she had not made a decision yet . "  We re-evaluate it on a daily basis , " the mayor said Thursday morning . Many residents credited police for not overreacting after the curfew went into effect Tuesday night , setting the tone for peaceful dispersal "  The police did a fantastic job tonight , " one person commented on Twitter . "  Technically they could of arrested everyone at 10:01 . " Some 2,000 National Guardsmen and more than 1,000 police officers from across Maryland and neighboring states were assigned to the streets of Baltimore on Tuesday night , Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said . Opinion : In Baltimore riots , ` our hearts were broken ' While there was no major damage Wednesday , the recovery from Monday 's destruction is far from over . Many saw their homes and vehicles damaged , their livelihoods in shambles . So residents like Cindy Oxendine took to the streets to sweep up rocks , glass and more , despite her aching back . The governor 's office has started a website for those wanting to help Baltimore recover from this week 's riots . "  We have received an outpouring of support from Marylanders and people all around the country who want to help get our beloved Baltimore back on its feet in the wake of the violence and destruction , " Hogan said in a statement . The website , governor.maryland.gov / mdunites / , allows visitors to volunteer for cleanup efforts , donate to charities helping affected residents and report new incidents to police . Some leaders slam ` thug ' as the new n-word CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Baltimore ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez , Greg Botelho , Dana Ford and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	More than 100 people arrested in Baltimore this week are released
In the space of two weeks , two different courts have come to two different results in evaluating the legality of two similar voter identification laws . In Pennsylvania , a state trial judge upheld the newly enacted voter ID law under the state 's constitution , while Thursday in Washington , a federal panel rejected Texas ' similar ID law under the federal Voting Rights Act . Despite their differences , both courts were quite right to agree on a central proposition : We really do n't know how large an impact these voter ID laws will have on elections . In the end , the question , both legal and moral , often boils down to who should have the burden of proof : Should states be forced to show their laws are justified because they prevent demonstrable fraud or should opponents be forced to show that the law prevents large numbers of people from voting ? Voter ID cases often pit an invisible plaintiff against an imaginary problem . It is difficult to find voters who absolutely can not vote because of an ID law , just as it is challenging to find instances of the type of fraud such laws intend to prevent . The plaintiffs are invisible because very few people have the means to bring the federal case to challenge such laws but do n't have the ability to navigate the barriers at the Department of Motor Vehicles to get an actual ID . Also , although we do know about 10 % of Americans might not have the ID necessary to vote , we do n't know how many wo n't vote specifically because of this extra burden , how many will be motivated to get an ID or how many will resort to absentee ballots , which do not require ID . In the Pennsylvania case , the lawyers had the perfect plaintiff , Viviette Applewhite , a 93-year-old , wheelchair-bound African-American woman who had no driver 's license and no birth certificate because she was born at home . For such people , getting the required documents can be burdensome and sometimes expensive . For Applewhite , unlike most of us , exercising her right to vote was worth the fight in court .  Did I mention she also marched with Martin Luther King Jr. ?  It also turned out that once she lost her case , she was able and willing to get through the bureaucratic maze necessary to get her ID . The moral of the story : If you are one of those people who considers voting a right worth dying for , you 'll most likely be able to do what is necessary to get to vote . Such is not the case , however , if you are one of the unfortunate few who can never get the right documents you need . Or if you 're one of the great many nonvoters for whom any additional hindrance makes you think it 's not worth it -- that the added costs of registering and voting exceed the intangible benefit of knowing you have participated in the democracy . Even after an election takes place , another reason makes plaintiffs difficult to find and the effect of voter ID laws uncertain : It 's unclear whether the laws are actually enforced as intended . For any number of election regulations , there 's a huge gap between the law on the books and the practices in the polling place . When the poll worker 's neighbor shows up without an ID , the odds are that she might let him vote anyway -- that is , assuming he has been neighborly . Of course , that might not happen if she does n't recognize him or she has trouble understanding his accent . Indeed , political scientists find that huge numbers of voters in states even without ID laws report being asked for photo ID on Election Day . And at least one election administrator in Pennsylvania has even pledged not to enforce the new law . Against the invisible plaintiffs in these cases is the imaginary problem of voter impersonation fraud -- the kind of fraud where someone goes to the polling place and votes using the name of someone else . Even though we have few documented cases and prosecutions , make no mistake about it : Voter impersonation does happen . It probably happens with the same frequency as voters collapsing in line while waiting to vote , or getting nauseous when they see the names on the ballot . And yes , if every election were to be a replay of the 2000 election , then any mishap -- fraudulent or otherwise -- could determine the outcome . As of yet , however , we have not required all polling places to be prepared with smelling salts . The reason voter impersonation fraud is so rare is that it is an incredibly stupid and inefficient way to rig an election . Shepherding hordes of fraudsters from one polling place to the next to vote in other people 's names would take a lot of time and effort and expose them to trouble with the law with little potential payoff . Successful fraud is usually perpetrated at the wholesale , rather than retail , level . Absentee ballots , in particular , have proven to be the fraudster 's method of choice . They are cast in private out of the view of suspecting eyes of poll workers or fellow voters . They are ripe for coercion and undue influence from whoever might be sitting next to the absentee voter -- think union or corporate bosses . And multiple ballots can be collected over the course of several weeks , saving the expense and rush of a one-day voter impersonation campaign . The greatest irony of the new crop of voter ID laws is that they do nothing to combat the more frequent problem of absentee ballot fraud . In fact , they might even make such fraud more likely because the number of absentee voters might increase , given that absentee voters do not need to have a photo ID in order to vote . Worse still , absentee votes are much more likely to be otherwise disqualified because of errors committed by either the voter or the vote counter . They present the perfect storm of fraud and mistakes that conjures up images of the cockeyed Florida vote counters in the 2000 election . I happen to be in the camp that believes a state should provide a compelling justification for new election laws even if they have an admittedly uncertain effect on voters ' rights . But you do not need to be a fellow traveler or even to be preoccupied with voting rights to worry about the implications of these laws . Enforcement of these laws will be spotty . They will cause confusion in the polling place as relatively untrained , volunteer poll workers come up to speed with sometimes complicated new regulations . Some voters will choose not to vote , while others will cast provisional ballots -- so-called because the legality of the vote will be determined after Election Day if the voter can come up with ID in time for the ballot to be counted . This will all be done in the name of preventing voter fraud . Yet if these laws lead unwittingly to an increase in the number of voters casting absentee votes out of public view , then they will not even have addressed the fraud they intend to solve . Indeed , they might even make it worse . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Voter ID laws recently have been upheld in Pennsylvania and rejected in Texas
In the space of two weeks , two different courts have come to two different results in evaluating the legality of two similar voter identification laws . In Pennsylvania , a state trial judge upheld the newly enacted voter ID law under the state 's constitution , while Thursday in Washington , a federal panel rejected Texas ' similar ID law under the federal Voting Rights Act . Despite their differences , both courts were quite right to agree on a central proposition : We really do n't know how large an impact these voter ID laws will have on elections . In the end , the question , both legal and moral , often boils down to who should have the burden of proof : Should states be forced to show their laws are justified because they prevent demonstrable fraud or should opponents be forced to show that the law prevents large numbers of people from voting ? Voter ID cases often pit an invisible plaintiff against an imaginary problem . It is difficult to find voters who absolutely can not vote because of an ID law , just as it is challenging to find instances of the type of fraud such laws intend to prevent . The plaintiffs are invisible because very few people have the means to bring the federal case to challenge such laws but do n't have the ability to navigate the barriers at the Department of Motor Vehicles to get an actual ID . Also , although we do know about 10 % of Americans might not have the ID necessary to vote , we do n't know how many wo n't vote specifically because of this extra burden , how many will be motivated to get an ID or how many will resort to absentee ballots , which do not require ID . In the Pennsylvania case , the lawyers had the perfect plaintiff , Viviette Applewhite , a 93-year-old , wheelchair-bound African-American woman who had no driver 's license and no birth certificate because she was born at home . For such people , getting the required documents can be burdensome and sometimes expensive . For Applewhite , unlike most of us , exercising her right to vote was worth the fight in court .  Did I mention she also marched with Martin Luther King Jr. ?  It also turned out that once she lost her case , she was able and willing to get through the bureaucratic maze necessary to get her ID . The moral of the story : If you are one of those people who considers voting a right worth dying for , you 'll most likely be able to do what is necessary to get to vote . Such is not the case , however , if you are one of the unfortunate few who can never get the right documents you need . Or if you 're one of the great many nonvoters for whom any additional hindrance makes you think it 's not worth it -- that the added costs of registering and voting exceed the intangible benefit of knowing you have participated in the democracy . Even after an election takes place , another reason makes plaintiffs difficult to find and the effect of voter ID laws uncertain : It 's unclear whether the laws are actually enforced as intended . For any number of election regulations , there 's a huge gap between the law on the books and the practices in the polling place . When the poll worker 's neighbor shows up without an ID , the odds are that she might let him vote anyway -- that is , assuming he has been neighborly . Of course , that might not happen if she does n't recognize him or she has trouble understanding his accent . Indeed , political scientists find that huge numbers of voters in states even without ID laws report being asked for photo ID on Election Day . And at least one election administrator in Pennsylvania has even pledged not to enforce the new law . Against the invisible plaintiffs in these cases is the imaginary problem of voter impersonation fraud -- the kind of fraud where someone goes to the polling place and votes using the name of someone else . Even though we have few documented cases and prosecutions , make no mistake about it : Voter impersonation does happen . It probably happens with the same frequency as voters collapsing in line while waiting to vote , or getting nauseous when they see the names on the ballot . And yes , if every election were to be a replay of the 2000 election , then any mishap -- fraudulent or otherwise -- could determine the outcome . As of yet , however , we have not required all polling places to be prepared with smelling salts . The reason voter impersonation fraud is so rare is that it is an incredibly stupid and inefficient way to rig an election . Shepherding hordes of fraudsters from one polling place to the next to vote in other people 's names would take a lot of time and effort and expose them to trouble with the law with little potential payoff . Successful fraud is usually perpetrated at the wholesale , rather than retail , level . Absentee ballots , in particular , have proven to be the fraudster 's method of choice . They are cast in private out of the view of suspecting eyes of poll workers or fellow voters . They are ripe for coercion and undue influence from whoever might be sitting next to the absentee voter -- think union or corporate bosses . And multiple ballots can be collected over the course of several weeks , saving the expense and rush of a one-day voter impersonation campaign . The greatest irony of the new crop of voter ID laws is that they do nothing to combat the more frequent problem of absentee ballot fraud . In fact , they might even make such fraud more likely because the number of absentee voters might increase , given that absentee voters do not need to have a photo ID in order to vote . Worse still , absentee votes are much more likely to be otherwise disqualified because of errors committed by either the voter or the vote counter . They present the perfect storm of fraud and mistakes that conjures up images of the cockeyed Florida vote counters in the 2000 election . I happen to be in the camp that believes a state should provide a compelling justification for new election laws even if they have an admittedly uncertain effect on voters ' rights . But you do not need to be a fellow traveler or even to be preoccupied with voting rights to worry about the implications of these laws . Enforcement of these laws will be spotty . They will cause confusion in the polling place as relatively untrained , volunteer poll workers come up to speed with sometimes complicated new regulations . Some voters will choose not to vote , while others will cast provisional ballots -- so-called because the legality of the vote will be determined after Election Day if the voter can come up with ID in time for the ballot to be counted . This will all be done in the name of preventing voter fraud . Yet if these laws lead unwittingly to an increase in the number of voters casting absentee votes out of public view , then they will not even have addressed the fraud they intend to solve . Indeed , they might even make it worse . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Nathaniel Persily : Nobody knows the impact of the laws or who will be affected and how
In the space of two weeks , two different courts have come to two different results in evaluating the legality of two similar voter identification laws . In Pennsylvania , a state trial judge upheld the newly enacted voter ID law under the state 's constitution , while Thursday in Washington , a federal panel rejected Texas ' similar ID law under the federal Voting Rights Act . Despite their differences , both courts were quite right to agree on a central proposition : We really do n't know how large an impact these voter ID laws will have on elections . In the end , the question , both legal and moral , often boils down to who should have the burden of proof : Should states be forced to show their laws are justified because they prevent demonstrable fraud or should opponents be forced to show that the law prevents large numbers of people from voting ? Voter ID cases often pit an invisible plaintiff against an imaginary problem . It is difficult to find voters who absolutely can not vote because of an ID law , just as it is challenging to find instances of the type of fraud such laws intend to prevent . The plaintiffs are invisible because very few people have the means to bring the federal case to challenge such laws but do n't have the ability to navigate the barriers at the Department of Motor Vehicles to get an actual ID . Also , although we do know about 10 % of Americans might not have the ID necessary to vote , we do n't know how many wo n't vote specifically because of this extra burden , how many will be motivated to get an ID or how many will resort to absentee ballots , which do not require ID . In the Pennsylvania case , the lawyers had the perfect plaintiff , Viviette Applewhite , a 93-year-old , wheelchair-bound African-American woman who had no driver 's license and no birth certificate because she was born at home . For such people , getting the required documents can be burdensome and sometimes expensive . For Applewhite , unlike most of us , exercising her right to vote was worth the fight in court .  Did I mention she also marched with Martin Luther King Jr. ?  It also turned out that once she lost her case , she was able and willing to get through the bureaucratic maze necessary to get her ID . The moral of the story : If you are one of those people who considers voting a right worth dying for , you 'll most likely be able to do what is necessary to get to vote . Such is not the case , however , if you are one of the unfortunate few who can never get the right documents you need . Or if you 're one of the great many nonvoters for whom any additional hindrance makes you think it 's not worth it -- that the added costs of registering and voting exceed the intangible benefit of knowing you have participated in the democracy . Even after an election takes place , another reason makes plaintiffs difficult to find and the effect of voter ID laws uncertain : It 's unclear whether the laws are actually enforced as intended . For any number of election regulations , there 's a huge gap between the law on the books and the practices in the polling place . When the poll worker 's neighbor shows up without an ID , the odds are that she might let him vote anyway -- that is , assuming he has been neighborly . Of course , that might not happen if she does n't recognize him or she has trouble understanding his accent . Indeed , political scientists find that huge numbers of voters in states even without ID laws report being asked for photo ID on Election Day . And at least one election administrator in Pennsylvania has even pledged not to enforce the new law . Against the invisible plaintiffs in these cases is the imaginary problem of voter impersonation fraud -- the kind of fraud where someone goes to the polling place and votes using the name of someone else . Even though we have few documented cases and prosecutions , make no mistake about it : Voter impersonation does happen . It probably happens with the same frequency as voters collapsing in line while waiting to vote , or getting nauseous when they see the names on the ballot . And yes , if every election were to be a replay of the 2000 election , then any mishap -- fraudulent or otherwise -- could determine the outcome . As of yet , however , we have not required all polling places to be prepared with smelling salts . The reason voter impersonation fraud is so rare is that it is an incredibly stupid and inefficient way to rig an election . Shepherding hordes of fraudsters from one polling place to the next to vote in other people 's names would take a lot of time and effort and expose them to trouble with the law with little potential payoff . Successful fraud is usually perpetrated at the wholesale , rather than retail , level . Absentee ballots , in particular , have proven to be the fraudster 's method of choice . They are cast in private out of the view of suspecting eyes of poll workers or fellow voters . They are ripe for coercion and undue influence from whoever might be sitting next to the absentee voter -- think union or corporate bosses . And multiple ballots can be collected over the course of several weeks , saving the expense and rush of a one-day voter impersonation campaign . The greatest irony of the new crop of voter ID laws is that they do nothing to combat the more frequent problem of absentee ballot fraud . In fact , they might even make such fraud more likely because the number of absentee voters might increase , given that absentee voters do not need to have a photo ID in order to vote . Worse still , absentee votes are much more likely to be otherwise disqualified because of errors committed by either the voter or the vote counter . They present the perfect storm of fraud and mistakes that conjures up images of the cockeyed Florida vote counters in the 2000 election . I happen to be in the camp that believes a state should provide a compelling justification for new election laws even if they have an admittedly uncertain effect on voters ' rights . But you do not need to be a fellow traveler or even to be preoccupied with voting rights to worry about the implications of these laws . Enforcement of these laws will be spotty . They will cause confusion in the polling place as relatively untrained , volunteer poll workers come up to speed with sometimes complicated new regulations . Some voters will choose not to vote , while others will cast provisional ballots -- so-called because the legality of the vote will be determined after Election Day if the voter can come up with ID in time for the ballot to be counted . This will all be done in the name of preventing voter fraud . Yet if these laws lead unwittingly to an increase in the number of voters casting absentee votes out of public view , then they will not even have addressed the fraud they intend to solve . Indeed , they might even make it worse . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	It 's hard to find plaintiffs , he says , and hard to find voters impersonating another person
In the space of two weeks , two different courts have come to two different results in evaluating the legality of two similar voter identification laws . In Pennsylvania , a state trial judge upheld the newly enacted voter ID law under the state 's constitution , while Thursday in Washington , a federal panel rejected Texas ' similar ID law under the federal Voting Rights Act . Despite their differences , both courts were quite right to agree on a central proposition : We really do n't know how large an impact these voter ID laws will have on elections . In the end , the question , both legal and moral , often boils down to who should have the burden of proof : Should states be forced to show their laws are justified because they prevent demonstrable fraud or should opponents be forced to show that the law prevents large numbers of people from voting ? Voter ID cases often pit an invisible plaintiff against an imaginary problem . It is difficult to find voters who absolutely can not vote because of an ID law , just as it is challenging to find instances of the type of fraud such laws intend to prevent . The plaintiffs are invisible because very few people have the means to bring the federal case to challenge such laws but do n't have the ability to navigate the barriers at the Department of Motor Vehicles to get an actual ID . Also , although we do know about 10 % of Americans might not have the ID necessary to vote , we do n't know how many wo n't vote specifically because of this extra burden , how many will be motivated to get an ID or how many will resort to absentee ballots , which do not require ID . In the Pennsylvania case , the lawyers had the perfect plaintiff , Viviette Applewhite , a 93-year-old , wheelchair-bound African-American woman who had no driver 's license and no birth certificate because she was born at home . For such people , getting the required documents can be burdensome and sometimes expensive . For Applewhite , unlike most of us , exercising her right to vote was worth the fight in court .  Did I mention she also marched with Martin Luther King Jr. ?  It also turned out that once she lost her case , she was able and willing to get through the bureaucratic maze necessary to get her ID . The moral of the story : If you are one of those people who considers voting a right worth dying for , you 'll most likely be able to do what is necessary to get to vote . Such is not the case , however , if you are one of the unfortunate few who can never get the right documents you need . Or if you 're one of the great many nonvoters for whom any additional hindrance makes you think it 's not worth it -- that the added costs of registering and voting exceed the intangible benefit of knowing you have participated in the democracy . Even after an election takes place , another reason makes plaintiffs difficult to find and the effect of voter ID laws uncertain : It 's unclear whether the laws are actually enforced as intended . For any number of election regulations , there 's a huge gap between the law on the books and the practices in the polling place . When the poll worker 's neighbor shows up without an ID , the odds are that she might let him vote anyway -- that is , assuming he has been neighborly . Of course , that might not happen if she does n't recognize him or she has trouble understanding his accent . Indeed , political scientists find that huge numbers of voters in states even without ID laws report being asked for photo ID on Election Day . And at least one election administrator in Pennsylvania has even pledged not to enforce the new law . Against the invisible plaintiffs in these cases is the imaginary problem of voter impersonation fraud -- the kind of fraud where someone goes to the polling place and votes using the name of someone else . Even though we have few documented cases and prosecutions , make no mistake about it : Voter impersonation does happen . It probably happens with the same frequency as voters collapsing in line while waiting to vote , or getting nauseous when they see the names on the ballot . And yes , if every election were to be a replay of the 2000 election , then any mishap -- fraudulent or otherwise -- could determine the outcome . As of yet , however , we have not required all polling places to be prepared with smelling salts . The reason voter impersonation fraud is so rare is that it is an incredibly stupid and inefficient way to rig an election . Shepherding hordes of fraudsters from one polling place to the next to vote in other people 's names would take a lot of time and effort and expose them to trouble with the law with little potential payoff . Successful fraud is usually perpetrated at the wholesale , rather than retail , level . Absentee ballots , in particular , have proven to be the fraudster 's method of choice . They are cast in private out of the view of suspecting eyes of poll workers or fellow voters . They are ripe for coercion and undue influence from whoever might be sitting next to the absentee voter -- think union or corporate bosses . And multiple ballots can be collected over the course of several weeks , saving the expense and rush of a one-day voter impersonation campaign . The greatest irony of the new crop of voter ID laws is that they do nothing to combat the more frequent problem of absentee ballot fraud . In fact , they might even make such fraud more likely because the number of absentee voters might increase , given that absentee voters do not need to have a photo ID in order to vote . Worse still , absentee votes are much more likely to be otherwise disqualified because of errors committed by either the voter or the vote counter . They present the perfect storm of fraud and mistakes that conjures up images of the cockeyed Florida vote counters in the 2000 election . I happen to be in the camp that believes a state should provide a compelling justification for new election laws even if they have an admittedly uncertain effect on voters ' rights . But you do not need to be a fellow traveler or even to be preoccupied with voting rights to worry about the implications of these laws . Enforcement of these laws will be spotty . They will cause confusion in the polling place as relatively untrained , volunteer poll workers come up to speed with sometimes complicated new regulations . Some voters will choose not to vote , while others will cast provisional ballots -- so-called because the legality of the vote will be determined after Election Day if the voter can come up with ID in time for the ballot to be counted . This will all be done in the name of preventing voter fraud . Yet if these laws lead unwittingly to an increase in the number of voters casting absentee votes out of public view , then they will not even have addressed the fraud they intend to solve . Indeed , they might even make it worse . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Persily : Upshot may be more fraud as voters without IDs turn to absentee ballots
Atlanta  CNN  -- A medical plane whisked an American infected with Ebola from Liberia to Georgia on Saturday , the latest leg of a race to save the first known patient with the deadly virus to be treated on U.S. soil . Shortly after the plane landed , an ambulance rushed Dr. Kent Brantly from Dobbins Air Reserve Base to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . He 's one of two Americans sickened by the deadly viral hemorrhagic fever last month while on the front lines of a major outbreak in West Africa . Video from Emory showed someone in a white , full-body protective suit helping a similarly clad person emerge from the ambulance and walk into the hospital . Hospital visitor : ` Oh , my God ' Emory has said it will treat Brantly , 33 , and fellow missionary Nancy Writebol in an isolation unit . The plane equipped with an isolation unit can only transport one patient at a time . It will now pick up Writebol in Liberia and bring her to Georgia early next week , said Todd Shearer , spokesman for Christian charity Samaritan 's Purse , with which both Americans were affiliated . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN walking from the ambulance into the hospital , another representative of Samaritan 's Purse said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the Samaritan 's Purse representative said . Kent Brantly was described as "  in great spirits and so grateful . " Tennessee doctor who worked with Ebola patients quarantines self Brantly , who has ties to Texas and Indiana , and Writebol , of North Carolina , became sick while caring for Ebola patients in Liberia , one of three West African nations hit by an outbreak . Treatment in isolation This will be the first human Ebola test for a U.S. medical facility . The patients will be treated at an isolated unit where precautions are in place to keep such deadly diseases from spreading , unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner said . Everything that comes in and out of the unit will be controlled , Ribner said , and it will have windows and an intercom for staff to interact with patients without being in the room . Ebola is not airborne or waterborne , and spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Ebola will go global "  We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection , " Ribner said . Writebol was given an experimental serum this week , Samaritan 's Purse said , though its purpose and effects were n't immediately publicized . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA , a Christian mission organization with which Writebol also is linked , said Saturday that both were seriously ill but stable . "  My last report  on Brantly  was yesterday . ... He was ambulatory , being able to talk , converse , and get up . So that was encouraging , " Johnson said Saturday morning . On Writebol , Johnson said : "  She 's responsive , and we 're encouraged at how she 's doing . " Emory 's isolation unit was created with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , based down the road . It aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . The World Health Organization reports that the outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea is believed to have infected 1,323 people and killed more than 729 this year , as of July 27 . Fear , conspiracy theories As officials worked to bring the two Americans home , the idea of intentionally bringing Ebola into the United States has rattled many nerves . "  The road to hell was paved with good intentions , " wrote one person , using the hashtag #EbolaOutbreak . "  What do we say to our kids When they get sick & die ? " On the website of conspiracy talker Alex Jones , who has long purported the CDC could unleash a pandemic and the government would react by instituting authoritarian rule , the news was a feast of fodder . "  Feds would exercise draconian emergency powers if Ebola hits U.S. , " a headline read on infowars.com . Ribner repeatedly downplayed the risk for anyone who will be in contact with Brantly or Writebol . "  We have two individuals who are critically ill , and we feel that we owe them the right to receive the best medical care , " Ribner said . The fight against Ebola All concerns about the United States pale in comparison to the harsh reality in the hardest-hit areas . Even in the best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . There 's no vaccine , though one is in the works . There 's no standardized treatment for the disease , either ; the most common approach is to support organ functions and keep up bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . The National Institutes of Health plans to begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September . Tests on primates have been successful . So far , the outbreak is confined to West Africa . Although infections are dropping in Guinea , they are on the rise in Liberia and Sierra Leone . In the 1990s , an Ebola strain tied to monkeys -- Ebola-Reston -- was found in the United States , but no humans got sick from it , according to the CDC . Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Deanna Hackney , John Branch , Danielle Dellorto , Barbara Starr , MaryLynn Ryan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Kent Brantly visited with his wife , separated by glass wall , for 45 minutes
Atlanta  CNN  -- A medical plane whisked an American infected with Ebola from Liberia to Georgia on Saturday , the latest leg of a race to save the first known patient with the deadly virus to be treated on U.S. soil . Shortly after the plane landed , an ambulance rushed Dr. Kent Brantly from Dobbins Air Reserve Base to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . He 's one of two Americans sickened by the deadly viral hemorrhagic fever last month while on the front lines of a major outbreak in West Africa . Video from Emory showed someone in a white , full-body protective suit helping a similarly clad person emerge from the ambulance and walk into the hospital . Hospital visitor : ` Oh , my God ' Emory has said it will treat Brantly , 33 , and fellow missionary Nancy Writebol in an isolation unit . The plane equipped with an isolation unit can only transport one patient at a time . It will now pick up Writebol in Liberia and bring her to Georgia early next week , said Todd Shearer , spokesman for Christian charity Samaritan 's Purse , with which both Americans were affiliated . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN walking from the ambulance into the hospital , another representative of Samaritan 's Purse said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the Samaritan 's Purse representative said . Kent Brantly was described as "  in great spirits and so grateful . " Tennessee doctor who worked with Ebola patients quarantines self Brantly , who has ties to Texas and Indiana , and Writebol , of North Carolina , became sick while caring for Ebola patients in Liberia , one of three West African nations hit by an outbreak . Treatment in isolation This will be the first human Ebola test for a U.S. medical facility . The patients will be treated at an isolated unit where precautions are in place to keep such deadly diseases from spreading , unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner said . Everything that comes in and out of the unit will be controlled , Ribner said , and it will have windows and an intercom for staff to interact with patients without being in the room . Ebola is not airborne or waterborne , and spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Ebola will go global "  We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection , " Ribner said . Writebol was given an experimental serum this week , Samaritan 's Purse said , though its purpose and effects were n't immediately publicized . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA , a Christian mission organization with which Writebol also is linked , said Saturday that both were seriously ill but stable . "  My last report  on Brantly  was yesterday . ... He was ambulatory , being able to talk , converse , and get up . So that was encouraging , " Johnson said Saturday morning . On Writebol , Johnson said : "  She 's responsive , and we 're encouraged at how she 's doing . " Emory 's isolation unit was created with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , based down the road . It aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . The World Health Organization reports that the outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea is believed to have infected 1,323 people and killed more than 729 this year , as of July 27 . Fear , conspiracy theories As officials worked to bring the two Americans home , the idea of intentionally bringing Ebola into the United States has rattled many nerves . "  The road to hell was paved with good intentions , " wrote one person , using the hashtag #EbolaOutbreak . "  What do we say to our kids When they get sick & die ? " On the website of conspiracy talker Alex Jones , who has long purported the CDC could unleash a pandemic and the government would react by instituting authoritarian rule , the news was a feast of fodder . "  Feds would exercise draconian emergency powers if Ebola hits U.S. , " a headline read on infowars.com . Ribner repeatedly downplayed the risk for anyone who will be in contact with Brantly or Writebol . "  We have two individuals who are critically ill , and we feel that we owe them the right to receive the best medical care , " Ribner said . The fight against Ebola All concerns about the United States pale in comparison to the harsh reality in the hardest-hit areas . Even in the best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . There 's no vaccine , though one is in the works . There 's no standardized treatment for the disease , either ; the most common approach is to support organ functions and keep up bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . The National Institutes of Health plans to begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September . Tests on primates have been successful . So far , the outbreak is confined to West Africa . Although infections are dropping in Guinea , they are on the rise in Liberia and Sierra Leone . In the 1990s , an Ebola strain tied to monkeys -- Ebola-Reston -- was found in the United States , but no humans got sick from it , according to the CDC . Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Deanna Hackney , John Branch , Danielle Dellorto , Barbara Starr , MaryLynn Ryan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Brantly is first known Ebola patient in U.S.
Atlanta  CNN  -- A medical plane whisked an American infected with Ebola from Liberia to Georgia on Saturday , the latest leg of a race to save the first known patient with the deadly virus to be treated on U.S. soil . Shortly after the plane landed , an ambulance rushed Dr. Kent Brantly from Dobbins Air Reserve Base to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . He 's one of two Americans sickened by the deadly viral hemorrhagic fever last month while on the front lines of a major outbreak in West Africa . Video from Emory showed someone in a white , full-body protective suit helping a similarly clad person emerge from the ambulance and walk into the hospital . Hospital visitor : ` Oh , my God ' Emory has said it will treat Brantly , 33 , and fellow missionary Nancy Writebol in an isolation unit . The plane equipped with an isolation unit can only transport one patient at a time . It will now pick up Writebol in Liberia and bring her to Georgia early next week , said Todd Shearer , spokesman for Christian charity Samaritan 's Purse , with which both Americans were affiliated . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN walking from the ambulance into the hospital , another representative of Samaritan 's Purse said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the Samaritan 's Purse representative said . Kent Brantly was described as "  in great spirits and so grateful . " Tennessee doctor who worked with Ebola patients quarantines self Brantly , who has ties to Texas and Indiana , and Writebol , of North Carolina , became sick while caring for Ebola patients in Liberia , one of three West African nations hit by an outbreak . Treatment in isolation This will be the first human Ebola test for a U.S. medical facility . The patients will be treated at an isolated unit where precautions are in place to keep such deadly diseases from spreading , unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner said . Everything that comes in and out of the unit will be controlled , Ribner said , and it will have windows and an intercom for staff to interact with patients without being in the room . Ebola is not airborne or waterborne , and spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Ebola will go global "  We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection , " Ribner said . Writebol was given an experimental serum this week , Samaritan 's Purse said , though its purpose and effects were n't immediately publicized . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA , a Christian mission organization with which Writebol also is linked , said Saturday that both were seriously ill but stable . "  My last report  on Brantly  was yesterday . ... He was ambulatory , being able to talk , converse , and get up . So that was encouraging , " Johnson said Saturday morning . On Writebol , Johnson said : "  She 's responsive , and we 're encouraged at how she 's doing . " Emory 's isolation unit was created with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , based down the road . It aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . The World Health Organization reports that the outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea is believed to have infected 1,323 people and killed more than 729 this year , as of July 27 . Fear , conspiracy theories As officials worked to bring the two Americans home , the idea of intentionally bringing Ebola into the United States has rattled many nerves . "  The road to hell was paved with good intentions , " wrote one person , using the hashtag #EbolaOutbreak . "  What do we say to our kids When they get sick & die ? " On the website of conspiracy talker Alex Jones , who has long purported the CDC could unleash a pandemic and the government would react by instituting authoritarian rule , the news was a feast of fodder . "  Feds would exercise draconian emergency powers if Ebola hits U.S. , " a headline read on infowars.com . Ribner repeatedly downplayed the risk for anyone who will be in contact with Brantly or Writebol . "  We have two individuals who are critically ill , and we feel that we owe them the right to receive the best medical care , " Ribner said . The fight against Ebola All concerns about the United States pale in comparison to the harsh reality in the hardest-hit areas . Even in the best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . There 's no vaccine , though one is in the works . There 's no standardized treatment for the disease , either ; the most common approach is to support organ functions and keep up bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . The National Institutes of Health plans to begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September . Tests on primates have been successful . So far , the outbreak is confined to West Africa . Although infections are dropping in Guinea , they are on the rise in Liberia and Sierra Leone . In the 1990s , an Ebola strain tied to monkeys -- Ebola-Reston -- was found in the United States , but no humans got sick from it , according to the CDC . Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Deanna Hackney , John Branch , Danielle Dellorto , Barbara Starr , MaryLynn Ryan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Both Americans infected with Ebola will be treated at Emory University Hospital
Atlanta  CNN  -- A medical plane whisked an American infected with Ebola from Liberia to Georgia on Saturday , the latest leg of a race to save the first known patient with the deadly virus to be treated on U.S. soil . Shortly after the plane landed , an ambulance rushed Dr. Kent Brantly from Dobbins Air Reserve Base to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . He 's one of two Americans sickened by the deadly viral hemorrhagic fever last month while on the front lines of a major outbreak in West Africa . Video from Emory showed someone in a white , full-body protective suit helping a similarly clad person emerge from the ambulance and walk into the hospital . Hospital visitor : ` Oh , my God ' Emory has said it will treat Brantly , 33 , and fellow missionary Nancy Writebol in an isolation unit . The plane equipped with an isolation unit can only transport one patient at a time . It will now pick up Writebol in Liberia and bring her to Georgia early next week , said Todd Shearer , spokesman for Christian charity Samaritan 's Purse , with which both Americans were affiliated . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN walking from the ambulance into the hospital , another representative of Samaritan 's Purse said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the Samaritan 's Purse representative said . Kent Brantly was described as "  in great spirits and so grateful . " Tennessee doctor who worked with Ebola patients quarantines self Brantly , who has ties to Texas and Indiana , and Writebol , of North Carolina , became sick while caring for Ebola patients in Liberia , one of three West African nations hit by an outbreak . Treatment in isolation This will be the first human Ebola test for a U.S. medical facility . The patients will be treated at an isolated unit where precautions are in place to keep such deadly diseases from spreading , unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner said . Everything that comes in and out of the unit will be controlled , Ribner said , and it will have windows and an intercom for staff to interact with patients without being in the room . Ebola is not airborne or waterborne , and spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Ebola will go global "  We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection , " Ribner said . Writebol was given an experimental serum this week , Samaritan 's Purse said , though its purpose and effects were n't immediately publicized . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA , a Christian mission organization with which Writebol also is linked , said Saturday that both were seriously ill but stable . "  My last report  on Brantly  was yesterday . ... He was ambulatory , being able to talk , converse , and get up . So that was encouraging , " Johnson said Saturday morning . On Writebol , Johnson said : "  She 's responsive , and we 're encouraged at how she 's doing . " Emory 's isolation unit was created with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , based down the road . It aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . The World Health Organization reports that the outbreak in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea is believed to have infected 1,323 people and killed more than 729 this year , as of July 27 . Fear , conspiracy theories As officials worked to bring the two Americans home , the idea of intentionally bringing Ebola into the United States has rattled many nerves . "  The road to hell was paved with good intentions , " wrote one person , using the hashtag #EbolaOutbreak . "  What do we say to our kids When they get sick & die ? " On the website of conspiracy talker Alex Jones , who has long purported the CDC could unleash a pandemic and the government would react by instituting authoritarian rule , the news was a feast of fodder . "  Feds would exercise draconian emergency powers if Ebola hits U.S. , " a headline read on infowars.com . Ribner repeatedly downplayed the risk for anyone who will be in contact with Brantly or Writebol . "  We have two individuals who are critically ill , and we feel that we owe them the right to receive the best medical care , " Ribner said . The fight against Ebola All concerns about the United States pale in comparison to the harsh reality in the hardest-hit areas . Even in the best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . There 's no vaccine , though one is in the works . There 's no standardized treatment for the disease , either ; the most common approach is to support organ functions and keep up bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . The National Institutes of Health plans to begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September . Tests on primates have been successful . So far , the outbreak is confined to West Africa . Although infections are dropping in Guinea , they are on the rise in Liberia and Sierra Leone . In the 1990s , an Ebola strain tied to monkeys -- Ebola-Reston -- was found in the United States , but no humans got sick from it , according to the CDC . Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Deanna Hackney , John Branch , Danielle Dellorto , Barbara Starr , MaryLynn Ryan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Plane will head back to Liberia for the second American patient
CNN  -- Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville believes Sunday 's trip to Arsenal on Sunday is "  the most difficult " away game of the season for the English Premier League leaders . Alex Ferguson 's United team lead third-placed Arsenal by nine points after Javier Hernandez 's late goal earned a 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday , while Arsene Wenger 's side slipped to a 2-1 defeat at Bolton Wanderers 24 hours later . Defeat at the Emirates Stadium would end Arsenal 's hopes of securing the EPL title and a first major honor since victory over United in the 2005 FA Cup final . Victory would put the Red Devils within touching distance of a record 19th English league title . Has time run out for Arsene Wenger ? "  Going to Arsenal is probably the most difficult game , and has been for many , many years , " Neville , who announced his retirement in February aged 35 , told CNN . "  Along with Liverpool and Chelsea , those games you can never tell if you 're going to win . Anything can happen and , while we 've had some good results there in the last couple of years , we 've some bad experiences down there as well . " Former team captain Neville won eight league championships during a 19-year career with United , and the 85-cap England international said a draw against Arsenal would represent a good result for Ferguson 's side . "  I think if we can get a point on Sunday , come out of there with something , it would be really important for us . " Neville , who was part of the 1999 European Champions League-winning squad and also won the FA Cup on three occasions , claimed the midfield area could be where the match is won or lost . "  The key battle against Arsenal is midfield . We 've always gone into the games over the last five or six years making sure we dominate midfield . It 's Arsenal 's strongest area , " he said . "  We always make sure we pack our midfield with strength , power and make sure we can get physical against them . If you let Arsenal play , they are the best football team in the country playing through midfield . "  If you win that battle , towards the end of the game you can start to show your strength . " Hernandez , also known as "  Chicarito , " has enjoyed a successful debut season in England after arriving in Manchester from Mexican side Guadalajara . The Mexico striker has hit 12 goals in 24 league matches , and Neville has been impressed with the form shown by the 22-year-old . "  I do n't think anyone had heard of him when we signed him at the end of last season . But then he played for Mexico at the World Cup and everyone started to think ` This kid does n't look bad . ' "  I think you 'll see that United are developing a new young team , with the likes of Rafael  Da Silva  , Fabio  Da Silva  , Darron Gibson , Jonathan Evans , Chicarito , Chris Smalling ... That 's what the manager does , he integrates young players . "  He lets them get the hunger for winning , see the work ethic , and I think Chicarito is an unbelievable example of how that 's happened . Someone who cost $ 11.5 million and looks like one of the best center-forwards in the league . "	Gary Neville has described Manchester United 's trip to Arsenal as their toughest test
CNN  -- Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville believes Sunday 's trip to Arsenal on Sunday is "  the most difficult " away game of the season for the English Premier League leaders . Alex Ferguson 's United team lead third-placed Arsenal by nine points after Javier Hernandez 's late goal earned a 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday , while Arsene Wenger 's side slipped to a 2-1 defeat at Bolton Wanderers 24 hours later . Defeat at the Emirates Stadium would end Arsenal 's hopes of securing the EPL title and a first major honor since victory over United in the 2005 FA Cup final . Victory would put the Red Devils within touching distance of a record 19th English league title . Has time run out for Arsene Wenger ? "  Going to Arsenal is probably the most difficult game , and has been for many , many years , " Neville , who announced his retirement in February aged 35 , told CNN . "  Along with Liverpool and Chelsea , those games you can never tell if you 're going to win . Anything can happen and , while we 've had some good results there in the last couple of years , we 've some bad experiences down there as well . " Former team captain Neville won eight league championships during a 19-year career with United , and the 85-cap England international said a draw against Arsenal would represent a good result for Ferguson 's side . "  I think if we can get a point on Sunday , come out of there with something , it would be really important for us . " Neville , who was part of the 1999 European Champions League-winning squad and also won the FA Cup on three occasions , claimed the midfield area could be where the match is won or lost . "  The key battle against Arsenal is midfield . We 've always gone into the games over the last five or six years making sure we dominate midfield . It 's Arsenal 's strongest area , " he said . "  We always make sure we pack our midfield with strength , power and make sure we can get physical against them . If you let Arsenal play , they are the best football team in the country playing through midfield . "  If you win that battle , towards the end of the game you can start to show your strength . " Hernandez , also known as "  Chicarito , " has enjoyed a successful debut season in England after arriving in Manchester from Mexican side Guadalajara . The Mexico striker has hit 12 goals in 24 league matches , and Neville has been impressed with the form shown by the 22-year-old . "  I do n't think anyone had heard of him when we signed him at the end of last season . But then he played for Mexico at the World Cup and everyone started to think ` This kid does n't look bad . ' "  I think you 'll see that United are developing a new young team , with the likes of Rafael  Da Silva  , Fabio  Da Silva  , Darron Gibson , Jonathan Evans , Chicarito , Chris Smalling ... That 's what the manager does , he integrates young players . "  He lets them get the hunger for winning , see the work ethic , and I think Chicarito is an unbelievable example of how that 's happened . Someone who cost $ 11.5 million and looks like one of the best center-forwards in the league . "	The former United defender is confident Ferguson 's team can secure at least a draw
CNN  -- Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville believes Sunday 's trip to Arsenal on Sunday is "  the most difficult " away game of the season for the English Premier League leaders . Alex Ferguson 's United team lead third-placed Arsenal by nine points after Javier Hernandez 's late goal earned a 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday , while Arsene Wenger 's side slipped to a 2-1 defeat at Bolton Wanderers 24 hours later . Defeat at the Emirates Stadium would end Arsenal 's hopes of securing the EPL title and a first major honor since victory over United in the 2005 FA Cup final . Victory would put the Red Devils within touching distance of a record 19th English league title . Has time run out for Arsene Wenger ? "  Going to Arsenal is probably the most difficult game , and has been for many , many years , " Neville , who announced his retirement in February aged 35 , told CNN . "  Along with Liverpool and Chelsea , those games you can never tell if you 're going to win . Anything can happen and , while we 've had some good results there in the last couple of years , we 've some bad experiences down there as well . " Former team captain Neville won eight league championships during a 19-year career with United , and the 85-cap England international said a draw against Arsenal would represent a good result for Ferguson 's side . "  I think if we can get a point on Sunday , come out of there with something , it would be really important for us . " Neville , who was part of the 1999 European Champions League-winning squad and also won the FA Cup on three occasions , claimed the midfield area could be where the match is won or lost . "  The key battle against Arsenal is midfield . We 've always gone into the games over the last five or six years making sure we dominate midfield . It 's Arsenal 's strongest area , " he said . "  We always make sure we pack our midfield with strength , power and make sure we can get physical against them . If you let Arsenal play , they are the best football team in the country playing through midfield . "  If you win that battle , towards the end of the game you can start to show your strength . " Hernandez , also known as "  Chicarito , " has enjoyed a successful debut season in England after arriving in Manchester from Mexican side Guadalajara . The Mexico striker has hit 12 goals in 24 league matches , and Neville has been impressed with the form shown by the 22-year-old . "  I do n't think anyone had heard of him when we signed him at the end of last season . But then he played for Mexico at the World Cup and everyone started to think ` This kid does n't look bad . ' "  I think you 'll see that United are developing a new young team , with the likes of Rafael  Da Silva  , Fabio  Da Silva  , Darron Gibson , Jonathan Evans , Chicarito , Chris Smalling ... That 's what the manager does , he integrates young players . "  He lets them get the hunger for winning , see the work ethic , and I think Chicarito is an unbelievable example of how that 's happened . Someone who cost $ 11.5 million and looks like one of the best center-forwards in the league . "	Neville has also hailed the form of United 's Mexican striker Javier Hernandez
CNN  Forget the cloud , and rework your mental image of those mysterious data centers . Sony has reinvented a tool for storing a mind-numbing amount of data : A cassette tape . But this is n't one of those rattling plastic tapes you used to compile your ultimate summer road-trip jams and , too often , were probably forced to rewind with a pencil . Sony 's record-breaking magnetic tape technology allows it to store 180 terabytes of data on a single cartridge . That 's the same amount of storage as 1,184 iPod Classics , Apple 's roomiest music player , which can hold about 40,000 songs . Using that number , Sony 's new cassette could technically store about 47.3 million songs of its own . That 's enough jams for a really long road trip -- say , driving in Atlanta during a snowstorm . If you 're more of a movie buff , think of it this way . The cartridge , which stores 148GB of data per inch of tape , has room for 3,700 Blu-ray discs full of your favorites . The number obliterates the standing record , set in 2010 when Fuji developed a tape that could hold 35 terabytes of data . Sony , which worked with IBM on the tape , presented the new technology over the weekend at InterMag Europe , a magnetics conference in Dresden , Germany . In very simple terms , the technology involves shrinking the microscopic magnetic particles on tape that store data . On average , the new particles are 7.7 nanometers wide . There are 10 million nanometers in one centimeter . In a news release , Sony said it would like to pursue a commercial use for the new cassette tape technology , as well as continuing to improve it . But if you 're dreaming of someday popping that tape into some sort of digital-age boombox and pushing "  play , " you may be in for a bit of a disappointment . Tape has the potential for massive data storage , but it 's unwieldy to actually use . Recording to , and retrieving data from , tape takes a lot longer than digital storage devices and players we 've become accustomed to in an era of Web streaming . So , it 's a lot more likely that tape will be used to back up huge databases than to save , and play , our music collections . That 's too bad . We liked the idea of needing only one cassette for a cross-country drive .	Sony has made a cassette tape that can store more than 1,100 iPod Classics
CNN  Forget the cloud , and rework your mental image of those mysterious data centers . Sony has reinvented a tool for storing a mind-numbing amount of data : A cassette tape . But this is n't one of those rattling plastic tapes you used to compile your ultimate summer road-trip jams and , too often , were probably forced to rewind with a pencil . Sony 's record-breaking magnetic tape technology allows it to store 180 terabytes of data on a single cartridge . That 's the same amount of storage as 1,184 iPod Classics , Apple 's roomiest music player , which can hold about 40,000 songs . Using that number , Sony 's new cassette could technically store about 47.3 million songs of its own . That 's enough jams for a really long road trip -- say , driving in Atlanta during a snowstorm . If you 're more of a movie buff , think of it this way . The cartridge , which stores 148GB of data per inch of tape , has room for 3,700 Blu-ray discs full of your favorites . The number obliterates the standing record , set in 2010 when Fuji developed a tape that could hold 35 terabytes of data . Sony , which worked with IBM on the tape , presented the new technology over the weekend at InterMag Europe , a magnetics conference in Dresden , Germany . In very simple terms , the technology involves shrinking the microscopic magnetic particles on tape that store data . On average , the new particles are 7.7 nanometers wide . There are 10 million nanometers in one centimeter . In a news release , Sony said it would like to pursue a commercial use for the new cassette tape technology , as well as continuing to improve it . But if you 're dreaming of someday popping that tape into some sort of digital-age boombox and pushing "  play , " you may be in for a bit of a disappointment . Tape has the potential for massive data storage , but it 's unwieldy to actually use . Recording to , and retrieving data from , tape takes a lot longer than digital storage devices and players we 've become accustomed to in an era of Web streaming . So , it 's a lot more likely that tape will be used to back up huge databases than to save , and play , our music collections . That 's too bad . We liked the idea of needing only one cassette for a cross-country drive .	A single cartridge can hold 185 terabytes of data
CNN  Forget the cloud , and rework your mental image of those mysterious data centers . Sony has reinvented a tool for storing a mind-numbing amount of data : A cassette tape . But this is n't one of those rattling plastic tapes you used to compile your ultimate summer road-trip jams and , too often , were probably forced to rewind with a pencil . Sony 's record-breaking magnetic tape technology allows it to store 180 terabytes of data on a single cartridge . That 's the same amount of storage as 1,184 iPod Classics , Apple 's roomiest music player , which can hold about 40,000 songs . Using that number , Sony 's new cassette could technically store about 47.3 million songs of its own . That 's enough jams for a really long road trip -- say , driving in Atlanta during a snowstorm . If you 're more of a movie buff , think of it this way . The cartridge , which stores 148GB of data per inch of tape , has room for 3,700 Blu-ray discs full of your favorites . The number obliterates the standing record , set in 2010 when Fuji developed a tape that could hold 35 terabytes of data . Sony , which worked with IBM on the tape , presented the new technology over the weekend at InterMag Europe , a magnetics conference in Dresden , Germany . In very simple terms , the technology involves shrinking the microscopic magnetic particles on tape that store data . On average , the new particles are 7.7 nanometers wide . There are 10 million nanometers in one centimeter . In a news release , Sony said it would like to pursue a commercial use for the new cassette tape technology , as well as continuing to improve it . But if you 're dreaming of someday popping that tape into some sort of digital-age boombox and pushing "  play , " you may be in for a bit of a disappointment . Tape has the potential for massive data storage , but it 's unwieldy to actually use . Recording to , and retrieving data from , tape takes a lot longer than digital storage devices and players we 've become accustomed to in an era of Web streaming . So , it 's a lot more likely that tape will be used to back up huge databases than to save , and play , our music collections . That 's too bad . We liked the idea of needing only one cassette for a cross-country drive .	It may be sold , but likely not for personal media
Tokyo  CNN  -- Some plutonium found in soil on the grounds of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant may have come from its earthquake-damaged reactors , but it poses no human health risk , the plant 's owners reported Monday . The element was found in soil samples taken March 21-22 from five locations around the plant , the Tokyo Electric Power Company told CNN late Monday . The company said it was equivalent to the amounts that fell on Japan following aboveground nuclear weapons tests by other countries in past decades . "  It is not a health risk to humans , " the company said . But it added , "  Just in case , TEPCO will increase the monitoring of the nuclear plant grounds and the surrounding environment . " Plutonium is a byproduct of nuclear reactions that is also part of the fuel mix at the plant 's No. 3 reactor . It can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Three plutonium isotopes -- Pu-238 , -239 and -240 -- were found in soil at five different points inside the plant grounds , Tokyo Electric reported . It said that plutonium found in two of the samples could have come out of the reactors that were damaged by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that ravaged northern Japan . All three isotopes have long half-lives , with plutonium-239 taking 24,000 years to lose half its radioactivity . Plutonium-238 has an 87-year half-life , while plutonium-240 's is more than 6,500 years . The company said the discovery would not change efforts to bring an end to the crisis at the plant , where three of the six reactors are believed to have suffered damage to their radioactive cores . From CNN 's Whitney Hurst	The amount found is comparable to fallout from old nuclear tests
Tokyo  CNN  -- Some plutonium found in soil on the grounds of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant may have come from its earthquake-damaged reactors , but it poses no human health risk , the plant 's owners reported Monday . The element was found in soil samples taken March 21-22 from five locations around the plant , the Tokyo Electric Power Company told CNN late Monday . The company said it was equivalent to the amounts that fell on Japan following aboveground nuclear weapons tests by other countries in past decades . "  It is not a health risk to humans , " the company said . But it added , "  Just in case , TEPCO will increase the monitoring of the nuclear plant grounds and the surrounding environment . " Plutonium is a byproduct of nuclear reactions that is also part of the fuel mix at the plant 's No. 3 reactor . It can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Three plutonium isotopes -- Pu-238 , -239 and -240 -- were found in soil at five different points inside the plant grounds , Tokyo Electric reported . It said that plutonium found in two of the samples could have come out of the reactors that were damaged by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that ravaged northern Japan . All three isotopes have long half-lives , with plutonium-239 taking 24,000 years to lose half its radioactivity . Plutonium-238 has an 87-year half-life , while plutonium-240 's is more than 6,500 years . The company said the discovery would not change efforts to bring an end to the crisis at the plant , where three of the six reactors are believed to have suffered damage to their radioactive cores . From CNN 's Whitney Hurst	Tokyo Electric says the discovery poses no risk to humans
Tokyo  CNN  -- Some plutonium found in soil on the grounds of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant may have come from its earthquake-damaged reactors , but it poses no human health risk , the plant 's owners reported Monday . The element was found in soil samples taken March 21-22 from five locations around the plant , the Tokyo Electric Power Company told CNN late Monday . The company said it was equivalent to the amounts that fell on Japan following aboveground nuclear weapons tests by other countries in past decades . "  It is not a health risk to humans , " the company said . But it added , "  Just in case , TEPCO will increase the monitoring of the nuclear plant grounds and the surrounding environment . " Plutonium is a byproduct of nuclear reactions that is also part of the fuel mix at the plant 's No. 3 reactor . It can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Three plutonium isotopes -- Pu-238 , -239 and -240 -- were found in soil at five different points inside the plant grounds , Tokyo Electric reported . It said that plutonium found in two of the samples could have come out of the reactors that were damaged by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that ravaged northern Japan . All three isotopes have long half-lives , with plutonium-239 taking 24,000 years to lose half its radioactivity . Plutonium-238 has an 87-year half-life , while plutonium-240 's is more than 6,500 years . The company said the discovery would not change efforts to bring an end to the crisis at the plant , where three of the six reactors are believed to have suffered damage to their radioactive cores . From CNN 's Whitney Hurst	But company says it will increase monitoring "  just in case "
The latest round of peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  remains the Turkish government 's best bet not just to solve the country 's 29-year old "  Kurdish problem " but also to feed its energy-hungry population and wean it off costly and politically risky Russian and Iranian energy imports . To cope with a fast-growing economy and an increasing demand for energy , Turkey must ensure an adequate energy supply . So far , its power generation has largely relied on Russian and Iranian imports . The Syria crisis , however , has created a rift between Turkey and these energy suppliers , leaving the Turkish economy vulnerable to regional dynamics and price shocks . To fuel its growing economy and reduce its account deficit driven by high prices of oil and gas , Turkey has been scrambling to find alternative energy resources . To that end , the Turkish government has quietly been building up its energy presence in the Kurdistan Regional Government 's  KRG  oil and gas industry . On March 25 , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani negotiated a framework deal that included Turkish stakes in exploration blocks and terms for the direct pipeline export of oil and gas from the KRG . The pipeline will allow Kurdish crude oil to be transported from the KRG directly into Turkey , bypassing Baghdad and setting up the KRG as a competitive supplier of oil to Turkey . In an effort to stave off political tension with Baghdad and Washington , the parties did not sign a government-to-government deal ; instead , they turned the KRG energy portfolio over to public and private energy companies . In the spring of this year , Turkey established a state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq . In January , Genel Energy , an Anglo-Turkish exploration and production company , was awarded the right to ship oil directly from the area . Since then , the company has been exporting crude oil from the KRG 's Taq Taq fields to Turkey 's Ceyhan port by truck . The amount of oil exported from Taq Taq will grow significantly when the construction of the pipeline is completed by the end of this year . The KRG 's gas resources are even more appealing to Turkey . In 2012 , Turkey 's daily gas demand was 125 million cubic meters ; this figure is likely to double this winter . As such , Turkey is expected to be one of Europe 's biggest gas consumers in a decade . Kurdish gas is attractive to Turkey because the framework agreement between Turkey and the KRG includes specific terms on the price of gas . Turkey thus has leverage over pricing . Some experts have said the KRG 's supplies could be three times cheaper than Russian and Iranian sources due to this leverage . This energy cooperation between the KRG and Turkey has been expanding rapidly . About a dozen Turkish companies have applied to Turkey 's energy watchdog to obtain licenses to import gas from and construct oil pipelines in the KRG , and the KRG recently granted six Turkish companies permission to explore for oil . Last month , news leaked that a Turkish company was issued a license to import natural gas directly from the KRG . The Turkish state company Botas has also started construction of a gas pipeline from the KRG to Turkey 's southeastern city of Mardin . Through this energy partnership , Turkey can secure an alternative low-cost supplier and realize Erdogan 's goal of promoting Turkey as an energy hub , and the KRG can ensure its economic independence from Baghdad . But the success of the Turkey-KRG energy partnership hinges on the peaceful resolution of Turkey 's Kurdish problem . The PKK has used pipeline attacks as a means of targeting Turkey 's strategic assets . Until very recently , PKK attacks on pipelines knocked out oil and gas flows , forcing Turkey to buy Russian and Azeri gas at higher prices and keeping the Iraq-Turkey route mostly idle . In order to assure pipeline security and investment confidence , Turkey must finish what it started a year ago . In an effort to end three decades of fighting between Turkey and the PKK , Turkish intelligence started negotiations with the imprisoned PKK leader , Abdullah Ocalan , in 2012 . As part of settlement talks , the PKK declared a ceasefire in March 2013 and started its withdrawal from Turkey toward its camps in northern Iraq in May . No serious fighting has been reported since , but that could change . Last month , the PKK announced that it halted its pull-out as both sides accused each other of failing to respect their part of the deal . Late last month , the Turkish government unveiled a reform package that allows the use of Kurdish language in election campaigns , lifts restrictions on the use of the Kurdish language in private schools , abolishes the requirement to recite the pledge of allegiance that forced schoolchildren to declare that "  I am a Turk , " and allows Kurdish towns to use their Kurdish names . For the Kurds , however , the reform package seems to only move forward halfway . Kurds have long asked for the right to public education in Kurdish , and the package only applies to private schools . The democratization package also does not offer concrete steps to address the Kurdish demand to lower the 10 per cent electoral threshold , which has mainly been used to keep pro-Kurdish parties out of parliament . After the announcement , the PKK warned that it may end the unilateral ceasefire . After a visit by Kurdish politicians to the prison island of Imrali where Ocalan has been held since 1999 , the Kurdish leader also relayed a message asking the government to lay the legal groundwork to address all Kurdish demands or risk a breakdown in talks . But for the Turkish government , there is no easy way forward . With the 2014 local and presidential elections looming and no end in sight for the Syrian civil war , political uncertainty seems guaranteed . In the highly charged pre-election atmosphere , the Turkish government has to operate such that it does not alienate nationalists while at the same time keeps the peace process moving . Yet the bigger challenge facing Turkish decision-makers is the regional fallout from the war in Syria . Turkish media is reporting that in retaliation to Turkey 's stance in Syria , Iranian intelligence has been talking to the PKK leadership in northern Iraq 's Qandil Mountains to convince it to abandon the peace process , promising support for Kurdish demands for autonomy in northern Syria in return . For Turkey , the stakes are higher than ever . Finding a peaceful resolution to its Kurdish problem will not only remove a strategic vulnerability ; it will also ensure a less costly and politically less risky energy alternative to Russia and Iran and will realize Erdogan 's dream of making Turkey one of the world 's ten largest economies by 2023 -- the hundredth anniversary of the Turkish Republic .	Syria 's war has created rift between Turkey and energy suppliers Iran and Russia
The latest round of peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  remains the Turkish government 's best bet not just to solve the country 's 29-year old "  Kurdish problem " but also to feed its energy-hungry population and wean it off costly and politically risky Russian and Iranian energy imports . To cope with a fast-growing economy and an increasing demand for energy , Turkey must ensure an adequate energy supply . So far , its power generation has largely relied on Russian and Iranian imports . The Syria crisis , however , has created a rift between Turkey and these energy suppliers , leaving the Turkish economy vulnerable to regional dynamics and price shocks . To fuel its growing economy and reduce its account deficit driven by high prices of oil and gas , Turkey has been scrambling to find alternative energy resources . To that end , the Turkish government has quietly been building up its energy presence in the Kurdistan Regional Government 's  KRG  oil and gas industry . On March 25 , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani negotiated a framework deal that included Turkish stakes in exploration blocks and terms for the direct pipeline export of oil and gas from the KRG . The pipeline will allow Kurdish crude oil to be transported from the KRG directly into Turkey , bypassing Baghdad and setting up the KRG as a competitive supplier of oil to Turkey . In an effort to stave off political tension with Baghdad and Washington , the parties did not sign a government-to-government deal ; instead , they turned the KRG energy portfolio over to public and private energy companies . In the spring of this year , Turkey established a state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq . In January , Genel Energy , an Anglo-Turkish exploration and production company , was awarded the right to ship oil directly from the area . Since then , the company has been exporting crude oil from the KRG 's Taq Taq fields to Turkey 's Ceyhan port by truck . The amount of oil exported from Taq Taq will grow significantly when the construction of the pipeline is completed by the end of this year . The KRG 's gas resources are even more appealing to Turkey . In 2012 , Turkey 's daily gas demand was 125 million cubic meters ; this figure is likely to double this winter . As such , Turkey is expected to be one of Europe 's biggest gas consumers in a decade . Kurdish gas is attractive to Turkey because the framework agreement between Turkey and the KRG includes specific terms on the price of gas . Turkey thus has leverage over pricing . Some experts have said the KRG 's supplies could be three times cheaper than Russian and Iranian sources due to this leverage . This energy cooperation between the KRG and Turkey has been expanding rapidly . About a dozen Turkish companies have applied to Turkey 's energy watchdog to obtain licenses to import gas from and construct oil pipelines in the KRG , and the KRG recently granted six Turkish companies permission to explore for oil . Last month , news leaked that a Turkish company was issued a license to import natural gas directly from the KRG . The Turkish state company Botas has also started construction of a gas pipeline from the KRG to Turkey 's southeastern city of Mardin . Through this energy partnership , Turkey can secure an alternative low-cost supplier and realize Erdogan 's goal of promoting Turkey as an energy hub , and the KRG can ensure its economic independence from Baghdad . But the success of the Turkey-KRG energy partnership hinges on the peaceful resolution of Turkey 's Kurdish problem . The PKK has used pipeline attacks as a means of targeting Turkey 's strategic assets . Until very recently , PKK attacks on pipelines knocked out oil and gas flows , forcing Turkey to buy Russian and Azeri gas at higher prices and keeping the Iraq-Turkey route mostly idle . In order to assure pipeline security and investment confidence , Turkey must finish what it started a year ago . In an effort to end three decades of fighting between Turkey and the PKK , Turkish intelligence started negotiations with the imprisoned PKK leader , Abdullah Ocalan , in 2012 . As part of settlement talks , the PKK declared a ceasefire in March 2013 and started its withdrawal from Turkey toward its camps in northern Iraq in May . No serious fighting has been reported since , but that could change . Last month , the PKK announced that it halted its pull-out as both sides accused each other of failing to respect their part of the deal . Late last month , the Turkish government unveiled a reform package that allows the use of Kurdish language in election campaigns , lifts restrictions on the use of the Kurdish language in private schools , abolishes the requirement to recite the pledge of allegiance that forced schoolchildren to declare that "  I am a Turk , " and allows Kurdish towns to use their Kurdish names . For the Kurds , however , the reform package seems to only move forward halfway . Kurds have long asked for the right to public education in Kurdish , and the package only applies to private schools . The democratization package also does not offer concrete steps to address the Kurdish demand to lower the 10 per cent electoral threshold , which has mainly been used to keep pro-Kurdish parties out of parliament . After the announcement , the PKK warned that it may end the unilateral ceasefire . After a visit by Kurdish politicians to the prison island of Imrali where Ocalan has been held since 1999 , the Kurdish leader also relayed a message asking the government to lay the legal groundwork to address all Kurdish demands or risk a breakdown in talks . But for the Turkish government , there is no easy way forward . With the 2014 local and presidential elections looming and no end in sight for the Syrian civil war , political uncertainty seems guaranteed . In the highly charged pre-election atmosphere , the Turkish government has to operate such that it does not alienate nationalists while at the same time keeps the peace process moving . Yet the bigger challenge facing Turkish decision-makers is the regional fallout from the war in Syria . Turkish media is reporting that in retaliation to Turkey 's stance in Syria , Iranian intelligence has been talking to the PKK leadership in northern Iraq 's Qandil Mountains to convince it to abandon the peace process , promising support for Kurdish demands for autonomy in northern Syria in return . For Turkey , the stakes are higher than ever . Finding a peaceful resolution to its Kurdish problem will not only remove a strategic vulnerability ; it will also ensure a less costly and politically less risky energy alternative to Russia and Iran and will realize Erdogan 's dream of making Turkey one of the world 's ten largest economies by 2023 -- the hundredth anniversary of the Turkish Republic .	Turkey negotiating deals with Kurdish energy firms to fill fuel gap
The latest round of peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  remains the Turkish government 's best bet not just to solve the country 's 29-year old "  Kurdish problem " but also to feed its energy-hungry population and wean it off costly and politically risky Russian and Iranian energy imports . To cope with a fast-growing economy and an increasing demand for energy , Turkey must ensure an adequate energy supply . So far , its power generation has largely relied on Russian and Iranian imports . The Syria crisis , however , has created a rift between Turkey and these energy suppliers , leaving the Turkish economy vulnerable to regional dynamics and price shocks . To fuel its growing economy and reduce its account deficit driven by high prices of oil and gas , Turkey has been scrambling to find alternative energy resources . To that end , the Turkish government has quietly been building up its energy presence in the Kurdistan Regional Government 's  KRG  oil and gas industry . On March 25 , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani negotiated a framework deal that included Turkish stakes in exploration blocks and terms for the direct pipeline export of oil and gas from the KRG . The pipeline will allow Kurdish crude oil to be transported from the KRG directly into Turkey , bypassing Baghdad and setting up the KRG as a competitive supplier of oil to Turkey . In an effort to stave off political tension with Baghdad and Washington , the parties did not sign a government-to-government deal ; instead , they turned the KRG energy portfolio over to public and private energy companies . In the spring of this year , Turkey established a state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq . In January , Genel Energy , an Anglo-Turkish exploration and production company , was awarded the right to ship oil directly from the area . Since then , the company has been exporting crude oil from the KRG 's Taq Taq fields to Turkey 's Ceyhan port by truck . The amount of oil exported from Taq Taq will grow significantly when the construction of the pipeline is completed by the end of this year . The KRG 's gas resources are even more appealing to Turkey . In 2012 , Turkey 's daily gas demand was 125 million cubic meters ; this figure is likely to double this winter . As such , Turkey is expected to be one of Europe 's biggest gas consumers in a decade . Kurdish gas is attractive to Turkey because the framework agreement between Turkey and the KRG includes specific terms on the price of gas . Turkey thus has leverage over pricing . Some experts have said the KRG 's supplies could be three times cheaper than Russian and Iranian sources due to this leverage . This energy cooperation between the KRG and Turkey has been expanding rapidly . About a dozen Turkish companies have applied to Turkey 's energy watchdog to obtain licenses to import gas from and construct oil pipelines in the KRG , and the KRG recently granted six Turkish companies permission to explore for oil . Last month , news leaked that a Turkish company was issued a license to import natural gas directly from the KRG . The Turkish state company Botas has also started construction of a gas pipeline from the KRG to Turkey 's southeastern city of Mardin . Through this energy partnership , Turkey can secure an alternative low-cost supplier and realize Erdogan 's goal of promoting Turkey as an energy hub , and the KRG can ensure its economic independence from Baghdad . But the success of the Turkey-KRG energy partnership hinges on the peaceful resolution of Turkey 's Kurdish problem . The PKK has used pipeline attacks as a means of targeting Turkey 's strategic assets . Until very recently , PKK attacks on pipelines knocked out oil and gas flows , forcing Turkey to buy Russian and Azeri gas at higher prices and keeping the Iraq-Turkey route mostly idle . In order to assure pipeline security and investment confidence , Turkey must finish what it started a year ago . In an effort to end three decades of fighting between Turkey and the PKK , Turkish intelligence started negotiations with the imprisoned PKK leader , Abdullah Ocalan , in 2012 . As part of settlement talks , the PKK declared a ceasefire in March 2013 and started its withdrawal from Turkey toward its camps in northern Iraq in May . No serious fighting has been reported since , but that could change . Last month , the PKK announced that it halted its pull-out as both sides accused each other of failing to respect their part of the deal . Late last month , the Turkish government unveiled a reform package that allows the use of Kurdish language in election campaigns , lifts restrictions on the use of the Kurdish language in private schools , abolishes the requirement to recite the pledge of allegiance that forced schoolchildren to declare that "  I am a Turk , " and allows Kurdish towns to use their Kurdish names . For the Kurds , however , the reform package seems to only move forward halfway . Kurds have long asked for the right to public education in Kurdish , and the package only applies to private schools . The democratization package also does not offer concrete steps to address the Kurdish demand to lower the 10 per cent electoral threshold , which has mainly been used to keep pro-Kurdish parties out of parliament . After the announcement , the PKK warned that it may end the unilateral ceasefire . After a visit by Kurdish politicians to the prison island of Imrali where Ocalan has been held since 1999 , the Kurdish leader also relayed a message asking the government to lay the legal groundwork to address all Kurdish demands or risk a breakdown in talks . But for the Turkish government , there is no easy way forward . With the 2014 local and presidential elections looming and no end in sight for the Syrian civil war , political uncertainty seems guaranteed . In the highly charged pre-election atmosphere , the Turkish government has to operate such that it does not alienate nationalists while at the same time keeps the peace process moving . Yet the bigger challenge facing Turkish decision-makers is the regional fallout from the war in Syria . Turkish media is reporting that in retaliation to Turkey 's stance in Syria , Iranian intelligence has been talking to the PKK leadership in northern Iraq 's Qandil Mountains to convince it to abandon the peace process , promising support for Kurdish demands for autonomy in northern Syria in return . For Turkey , the stakes are higher than ever . Finding a peaceful resolution to its Kurdish problem will not only remove a strategic vulnerability ; it will also ensure a less costly and politically less risky energy alternative to Russia and Iran and will realize Erdogan 's dream of making Turkey one of the world 's ten largest economies by 2023 -- the hundredth anniversary of the Turkish Republic .	Turkey has also established state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq
January 23 , 2014 Stories from Switzerland to China headline today 's edition of CNN Student News , as we cover subjects involving civil war and media rights . Afterward , a firefighter shares an idea for an app that could help save lives , though the technology has limitations . And an ice sculptor creates what could be the coolest orchestra ever . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get information about a country 's human rights record ? How might you determine the credibility of this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Geneva 2 . activist 3 . censor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are diplomats from around the world gathered in Geneva , Switzerland ? How would you describe the current situation in Syria ? 2 . According to the video : What does China 's constitution say about freedom of the press ? What does it say about the power of the state ? What happened when CNN reporters tried to cover the trial of a prominent Chinese activist in Beijing ? 3 . What are some tasks that firefighter Patrick Johnson wants Google Glass to do ? What are some limitations of the technology when it comes to firefighting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what solutions might be generated for Syria from the conference in Geneva ? Why do you think that officials there are not expecting a breakthrough regarding this conflict ? 2 . Why do you think the city of Geneva is known as the "  world 's negotiating table " ? How do you think that the city of Geneva has maintained its reputation for neutrality ? Why do you think that a neutral site is important in sensitive negotiations ? 3 . How would you categorize China 's type of government ? What do you know about this form of government ? How does it differ from the type of government you live under ? Why do you think that China 's government might want to control information about activists who speak out against it ? 4 . Do you use any software or apps that help you in your daily life ? If so , what are they ? Do you have any ideas for an app that could improve a person 's quality of life , or even possibly save lives ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum
January 23 , 2014 Stories from Switzerland to China headline today 's edition of CNN Student News , as we cover subjects involving civil war and media rights . Afterward , a firefighter shares an idea for an app that could help save lives , though the technology has limitations . And an ice sculptor creates what could be the coolest orchestra ever . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get information about a country 's human rights record ? How might you determine the credibility of this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Geneva 2 . activist 3 . censor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are diplomats from around the world gathered in Geneva , Switzerland ? How would you describe the current situation in Syria ? 2 . According to the video : What does China 's constitution say about freedom of the press ? What does it say about the power of the state ? What happened when CNN reporters tried to cover the trial of a prominent Chinese activist in Beijing ? 3 . What are some tasks that firefighter Patrick Johnson wants Google Glass to do ? What are some limitations of the technology when it comes to firefighting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what solutions might be generated for Syria from the conference in Geneva ? Why do you think that officials there are not expecting a breakthrough regarding this conflict ? 2 . Why do you think the city of Geneva is known as the "  world 's negotiating table " ? How do you think that the city of Geneva has maintained its reputation for neutrality ? Why do you think that a neutral site is important in sensitive negotiations ? 3 . How would you categorize China 's type of government ? What do you know about this form of government ? How does it differ from the type of government you live under ? Why do you think that China 's government might want to control information about activists who speak out against it ? 4 . Do you use any software or apps that help you in your daily life ? If so , what are they ? Do you have any ideas for an app that could improve a person 's quality of life , or even possibly save lives ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
January 23 , 2014 Stories from Switzerland to China headline today 's edition of CNN Student News , as we cover subjects involving civil war and media rights . Afterward , a firefighter shares an idea for an app that could help save lives , though the technology has limitations . And an ice sculptor creates what could be the coolest orchestra ever . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get information about a country 's human rights record ? How might you determine the credibility of this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Geneva 2 . activist 3 . censor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are diplomats from around the world gathered in Geneva , Switzerland ? How would you describe the current situation in Syria ? 2 . According to the video : What does China 's constitution say about freedom of the press ? What does it say about the power of the state ? What happened when CNN reporters tried to cover the trial of a prominent Chinese activist in Beijing ? 3 . What are some tasks that firefighter Patrick Johnson wants Google Glass to do ? What are some limitations of the technology when it comes to firefighting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what solutions might be generated for Syria from the conference in Geneva ? Why do you think that officials there are not expecting a breakthrough regarding this conflict ? 2 . Why do you think the city of Geneva is known as the "  world 's negotiating table " ? How do you think that the city of Geneva has maintained its reputation for neutrality ? Why do you think that a neutral site is important in sensitive negotiations ? 3 . How would you categorize China 's type of government ? What do you know about this form of government ? How does it differ from the type of government you live under ? Why do you think that China 's government might want to control information about activists who speak out against it ? 4 . Do you use any software or apps that help you in your daily life ? If so , what are they ? Do you have any ideas for an app that could improve a person 's quality of life , or even possibly save lives ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions
January 23 , 2014 Stories from Switzerland to China headline today 's edition of CNN Student News , as we cover subjects involving civil war and media rights . Afterward , a firefighter shares an idea for an app that could help save lives , though the technology has limitations . And an ice sculptor creates what could be the coolest orchestra ever . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get information about a country 's human rights record ? How might you determine the credibility of this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Geneva 2 . activist 3 . censor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are diplomats from around the world gathered in Geneva , Switzerland ? How would you describe the current situation in Syria ? 2 . According to the video : What does China 's constitution say about freedom of the press ? What does it say about the power of the state ? What happened when CNN reporters tried to cover the trial of a prominent Chinese activist in Beijing ? 3 . What are some tasks that firefighter Patrick Johnson wants Google Glass to do ? What are some limitations of the technology when it comes to firefighting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what solutions might be generated for Syria from the conference in Geneva ? Why do you think that officials there are not expecting a breakthrough regarding this conflict ? 2 . Why do you think the city of Geneva is known as the "  world 's negotiating table " ? How do you think that the city of Geneva has maintained its reputation for neutrality ? Why do you think that a neutral site is important in sensitive negotiations ? 3 . How would you categorize China 's type of government ? What do you know about this form of government ? How does it differ from the type of government you live under ? Why do you think that China 's government might want to control information about activists who speak out against it ? 4 . Do you use any software or apps that help you in your daily life ? If so , what are they ? Do you have any ideas for an app that could improve a person 's quality of life , or even possibly save lives ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Mashable  -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down , more than two weeks after the protests that began January 25 in the country -- and launched a flood of #Jan25 and #Egypt tweets as well as media coverage that broke the mold -- to remove the president from power . From the beginning , the revolution in Egypt was propelled by the use of social media . It at least partlybegan on Facebook with the creation of Facebook groups that gained hundreds of thousands of members and promoted the early protests in Cairo . Subsequently , the government blocked Facebook and Twitter and eventually shut down Internet access completely . And with the outside world following the unfolding revolution online , political leaders and others , including Twitter , spoke out against the violence and freedom of expression issues at risk . But even a government shut down could n't keep the news from flowing . Twitter and Facebook users found ways to work around the blackout . Though , eventually access was completely restored . The events in Egypt served as a flash point for journalists on the ground , too . For perhaps one of the first times in history , history itself has been recorded instantaneously , as reporters took to Twitter to share 140-character updates and personal stories from the protests . The messages provided a stark reality to readers in the outside world , especially as the protests turned violent and police turned on journalists -- the very people many of us outside the country were following . But Al Jazeera had its "  CNN Moment , " and although it could n't reach viewers in the U.S. by cable television , it found a way to viewers -- on YouTube . The network live streamed Mubarak 's public address -- in which many believed he would resign -- Thursday via YouTube . But Al Jazeera 's comprehensive coverage put it on the radar for U.S. viewers and it created a campaign to bring its English-language network to U.S. televisions . Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube , too . Al Jazeera made its images available by a Creative Commons license and its work reached an even broader audience around the world . Without a doubt , social media , mobile devices and the web have brought the stories from Egypt closer to home . And conversely , the events in Egypt have shown the strength of these tools for both organizing and informing people . The Egyptian people and reporters alike found ways to share their messages even when the government tried to stop them . Using VPN , proxy sites , third party apps and other tools , they were able to continue sharing news with those of us on the outside . And at the same time , the rest of the world found ways to use tech to curate and disseminate information . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down
Mashable  -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down , more than two weeks after the protests that began January 25 in the country -- and launched a flood of #Jan25 and #Egypt tweets as well as media coverage that broke the mold -- to remove the president from power . From the beginning , the revolution in Egypt was propelled by the use of social media . It at least partlybegan on Facebook with the creation of Facebook groups that gained hundreds of thousands of members and promoted the early protests in Cairo . Subsequently , the government blocked Facebook and Twitter and eventually shut down Internet access completely . And with the outside world following the unfolding revolution online , political leaders and others , including Twitter , spoke out against the violence and freedom of expression issues at risk . But even a government shut down could n't keep the news from flowing . Twitter and Facebook users found ways to work around the blackout . Though , eventually access was completely restored . The events in Egypt served as a flash point for journalists on the ground , too . For perhaps one of the first times in history , history itself has been recorded instantaneously , as reporters took to Twitter to share 140-character updates and personal stories from the protests . The messages provided a stark reality to readers in the outside world , especially as the protests turned violent and police turned on journalists -- the very people many of us outside the country were following . But Al Jazeera had its "  CNN Moment , " and although it could n't reach viewers in the U.S. by cable television , it found a way to viewers -- on YouTube . The network live streamed Mubarak 's public address -- in which many believed he would resign -- Thursday via YouTube . But Al Jazeera 's comprehensive coverage put it on the radar for U.S. viewers and it created a campaign to bring its English-language network to U.S. televisions . Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube , too . Al Jazeera made its images available by a Creative Commons license and its work reached an even broader audience around the world . Without a doubt , social media , mobile devices and the web have brought the stories from Egypt closer to home . And conversely , the events in Egypt have shown the strength of these tools for both organizing and informing people . The Egyptian people and reporters alike found ways to share their messages even when the government tried to stop them . Using VPN , proxy sites , third party apps and other tools , they were able to continue sharing news with those of us on the outside . And at the same time , the rest of the world found ways to use tech to curate and disseminate information . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube
Mashable  -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down , more than two weeks after the protests that began January 25 in the country -- and launched a flood of #Jan25 and #Egypt tweets as well as media coverage that broke the mold -- to remove the president from power . From the beginning , the revolution in Egypt was propelled by the use of social media . It at least partlybegan on Facebook with the creation of Facebook groups that gained hundreds of thousands of members and promoted the early protests in Cairo . Subsequently , the government blocked Facebook and Twitter and eventually shut down Internet access completely . And with the outside world following the unfolding revolution online , political leaders and others , including Twitter , spoke out against the violence and freedom of expression issues at risk . But even a government shut down could n't keep the news from flowing . Twitter and Facebook users found ways to work around the blackout . Though , eventually access was completely restored . The events in Egypt served as a flash point for journalists on the ground , too . For perhaps one of the first times in history , history itself has been recorded instantaneously , as reporters took to Twitter to share 140-character updates and personal stories from the protests . The messages provided a stark reality to readers in the outside world , especially as the protests turned violent and police turned on journalists -- the very people many of us outside the country were following . But Al Jazeera had its "  CNN Moment , " and although it could n't reach viewers in the U.S. by cable television , it found a way to viewers -- on YouTube . The network live streamed Mubarak 's public address -- in which many believed he would resign -- Thursday via YouTube . But Al Jazeera 's comprehensive coverage put it on the radar for U.S. viewers and it created a campaign to bring its English-language network to U.S. televisions . Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube , too . Al Jazeera made its images available by a Creative Commons license and its work reached an even broader audience around the world . Without a doubt , social media , mobile devices and the web have brought the stories from Egypt closer to home . And conversely , the events in Egypt have shown the strength of these tools for both organizing and informing people . The Egyptian people and reporters alike found ways to share their messages even when the government tried to stop them . Using VPN , proxy sites , third party apps and other tools , they were able to continue sharing news with those of us on the outside . And at the same time , the rest of the world found ways to use tech to curate and disseminate information . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	News was shared with the rest of the world using VPN , proxy sites and third party apps
Parenting.com  -- Stressed about work-life balance ? Take a look at this list from Parenting 's sister magazine Working Mother of the top ten companies that keep working moms ' needs in minds , excerpted from the Working Mother 100 Best Companies . PwC Employees : 30,379 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Working a reduced schedule wo n't hurt your career at this audit , tax and advisory services firm : Moms who put in just 20 hours per week still earn full benefits and remain under consideration for top jobs . In 2010 , the firm added training that helps them better navigate the workplace and advance in their careers ; nationwide sessions assist the human resources team in advising and managing employees on such arrangements . At present , more than one tenth of female client-service partners , directors and managers have cut their hoursâ $ " and nearly all say that it has made them feel happier , more committed and more supported by the firm . Parenting.com : How to tell your boss you 're pregnant General Mills Employees : 16,803 Women : 40 % Headquarters : Minneapolis , MN What We Love This major food manufacturer earns employees ' loyalty by investing in programs that support their long-term satisfaction . Its recent great Manager initiative , for example , used training courses , mentoring circles and town halls to teach officers and directors how to inspire and motivate their workers . To help people make more time for family , the company promotes flexible schedules , grants 26 job-guaranteed weeks off for a birth or adoption  with $ 10,000 in adoption aid  and allows employees to take three weeks of vacation in their first year . At the Minneapolis headquarters , an on-site center looks after infants ages 6 weeks to 16 months ; everyone else has access to discounts at 63 near-site child-care facilities and may request backup-care subsidies . Deloitte Employees : 40,984 Women : 43 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Sprawling across 700,000 square feet on a massive plot of land in Westlake , TX , is this professional services firm 's new Deloitte University , which boasts hundreds of training courses for its employees . As they pursue their career goals , moms telecommute , ramp up or reduce their workloads , take paid sabbaticals and even go on five-year breaks , all the while maintaining connections to office mentors and freelance work . Gender-neutral parental leave policies grant at least eight fully paid weeks off to primary caregivers and three fully paid weeks off to secondary caregivers after the birth or adoption of a child . To keep costs down , employees use the firm 's mortgage assistance , tap up to $ 10,000 in annual tuition aid and invest in pretax commuter , health-care and dependent-care accounts . Parenting.com : "  I 'm jealous of my nanny : " A mom 's honest confession Discovery Communications Employees : 3,094 Women : 54 % Headquarters : Silver Spring , MD What We Love Ca n't find time to get a blood test , physical or EKG ? Employees at the Silver Spring headquarters and Miami and New York sites of this nonfiction media company simply walk down the hall to their office wellness clinics , which offer free acute and primary care  and basic prescription drugs  to workers and their children over age 14 . Since 2004 , the clinics have doled out some $ 7 million in medical care to employee families , which has put money back in parents ' wallets . To improve their mental health , moms join the Working Families Group  a parenting network that debuted in October 2010  and take workshops on women 's finances , home-buying and retirement . Anyone who pays for an exercise class or athletic activity may be reimbursed for 50 % of the cost , up to $ 50 per month . Ernst & Young Employees : 23,899 Women : 48 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love If you 're surrounded by talented people , it makes sense to seek their advice on work life matters , which is what the female employees of this professional services firm often do . Meeting at the discussion forums , book clubs , lectures , dinners and outings hosted by the firm 's more than 70 U.S. professional women 's networks , they share their goals , hopes and challenges , forging key relationships . If they have a question about how to achieve balance , they can turn to the firm 's affinity groups for working moms , parents and those raising kids with special needs . And if their teens are going through rocky times , they can ask its employee assistance program to arrange counseling or join a dedicated online support group . Parenting.com : Stay home or work ? How moms can make the best choice Prudential Financial Employees : 20,023 Women : 53 % Headquarters : Newark , NJ What We Love It 's easy to find people to admire at this financial services firm , where moms run two of the three highest-earning businesses and the number of women promoted to senior management increased by 51 % in 2010 . Encouraged by their example , female employees have recently doubled their participation in its career-counseling and life-coaching programs . Those in the retirement and life insurance divisions enjoy their own leadership forums , but mentoring and tuition assistance are widely available . Women who work 20 hours per week can take nine partially paid weeks off after the birth of a child . TriHealth Employees : 10,114 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Cincinnati , OH What We Love Employee kids are everywhere at this health-care system -- working as candy stripers , roaming the halls during holiday parties , running through the on-site gymnasium and taking swimming , babysitting and yoga classes . In 2010 , the organization expanded its day-care center to accommodate growing families , and now looks after 98 kids ages 6 weeks to 10 years . Children confronting tough issues get special help , with sessions on how to stay safe at home alone offered to those in grades three through six and a free retreat offered to older kids who 've lost their parents . Mentoring and leadership initiatives and tuition aid abound for ambitious moms , who rely heavily on flex schedules ; a very helpful employee assistance program can locate extra dependent care and provide parenting and health coaching . KPMG Employees : 20,601 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Facing any new parenting situation for the first time can be tough , something this professional services firm recognizes with its Parents in the Know initiative  available in Boston and New York City  . No matter what stage of life an employee is inâ $ " having a baby , adopting , returning to workâ $ " she can be put in touch with a colleague who has been through it and can offer advice . To help parents in Kansas City , the firm 's women 's network just debuted a Working Parents group  joining similar ones in other locations  , which hosts social outings and informative lectures . Across the firm , parents attend seminars on nutrition for young children and learn how to help kids do well in school . While women earned half of all promotions to manager , senior manager and executive last year , the growth of virtual meetings means they do n't have to stay in the office to be considered top performers . WorkingMother.com : 7 tips on asking for a raise WellStar Employees : 13,046 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Marietta , GA What We Love Financial acumen is prized by this health-care organization , where women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions . Aware that they shape the organization 's future , many take advantage of the executive mentoring offered by its 21st Century leadership program , which allows them to work on projects aligned with their employer 's goals . As they rise , women also utilize tuition aid , which covers 100 % of their job-related college courses or degrees , up to $ 4,500 annually . Smaller perks help them save for the future , from discounts on sports and entertainment activities to inexpensive backup care and deals on respite and full-time care for elder relatives , offered at an on-site assisted-living facility . Bank of America Employees : 248,074 Women : 60 % Headquarters : Charlotte , NC What We Love Family health insurance is worth its weight in gold these days , but parents at this leading bank only need to work 20 hours per week to earn it . If they want to cut their out-of-pocket costs , they can save $ 5,000 annually in pretax health accounts ; similar versions offset dependent-care and commuter expenses . While ten on and near-site child-care centers offer subsidies , parents can also call a resource and referral service to locate nannies , day cares , backup assistance and special-needs caregivers . Employees who are thinking about the future may consult the benefits Education and Planning center , whose counselors will pinpoint savings goals for their retirement and work with them to build a long-term financial strategy . Altruistic types may take two paid hours off per week to volunteer ; over a year , that 's 13 days . WorkingMother.com : See the full list of Working Mother 100 Best Companies Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	The best companies often have good benefits for moms who can only work 20 hours a week
Parenting.com  -- Stressed about work-life balance ? Take a look at this list from Parenting 's sister magazine Working Mother of the top ten companies that keep working moms ' needs in minds , excerpted from the Working Mother 100 Best Companies . PwC Employees : 30,379 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Working a reduced schedule wo n't hurt your career at this audit , tax and advisory services firm : Moms who put in just 20 hours per week still earn full benefits and remain under consideration for top jobs . In 2010 , the firm added training that helps them better navigate the workplace and advance in their careers ; nationwide sessions assist the human resources team in advising and managing employees on such arrangements . At present , more than one tenth of female client-service partners , directors and managers have cut their hoursâ $ " and nearly all say that it has made them feel happier , more committed and more supported by the firm . Parenting.com : How to tell your boss you 're pregnant General Mills Employees : 16,803 Women : 40 % Headquarters : Minneapolis , MN What We Love This major food manufacturer earns employees ' loyalty by investing in programs that support their long-term satisfaction . Its recent great Manager initiative , for example , used training courses , mentoring circles and town halls to teach officers and directors how to inspire and motivate their workers . To help people make more time for family , the company promotes flexible schedules , grants 26 job-guaranteed weeks off for a birth or adoption  with $ 10,000 in adoption aid  and allows employees to take three weeks of vacation in their first year . At the Minneapolis headquarters , an on-site center looks after infants ages 6 weeks to 16 months ; everyone else has access to discounts at 63 near-site child-care facilities and may request backup-care subsidies . Deloitte Employees : 40,984 Women : 43 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Sprawling across 700,000 square feet on a massive plot of land in Westlake , TX , is this professional services firm 's new Deloitte University , which boasts hundreds of training courses for its employees . As they pursue their career goals , moms telecommute , ramp up or reduce their workloads , take paid sabbaticals and even go on five-year breaks , all the while maintaining connections to office mentors and freelance work . Gender-neutral parental leave policies grant at least eight fully paid weeks off to primary caregivers and three fully paid weeks off to secondary caregivers after the birth or adoption of a child . To keep costs down , employees use the firm 's mortgage assistance , tap up to $ 10,000 in annual tuition aid and invest in pretax commuter , health-care and dependent-care accounts . Parenting.com : "  I 'm jealous of my nanny : " A mom 's honest confession Discovery Communications Employees : 3,094 Women : 54 % Headquarters : Silver Spring , MD What We Love Ca n't find time to get a blood test , physical or EKG ? Employees at the Silver Spring headquarters and Miami and New York sites of this nonfiction media company simply walk down the hall to their office wellness clinics , which offer free acute and primary care  and basic prescription drugs  to workers and their children over age 14 . Since 2004 , the clinics have doled out some $ 7 million in medical care to employee families , which has put money back in parents ' wallets . To improve their mental health , moms join the Working Families Group  a parenting network that debuted in October 2010  and take workshops on women 's finances , home-buying and retirement . Anyone who pays for an exercise class or athletic activity may be reimbursed for 50 % of the cost , up to $ 50 per month . Ernst & Young Employees : 23,899 Women : 48 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love If you 're surrounded by talented people , it makes sense to seek their advice on work life matters , which is what the female employees of this professional services firm often do . Meeting at the discussion forums , book clubs , lectures , dinners and outings hosted by the firm 's more than 70 U.S. professional women 's networks , they share their goals , hopes and challenges , forging key relationships . If they have a question about how to achieve balance , they can turn to the firm 's affinity groups for working moms , parents and those raising kids with special needs . And if their teens are going through rocky times , they can ask its employee assistance program to arrange counseling or join a dedicated online support group . Parenting.com : Stay home or work ? How moms can make the best choice Prudential Financial Employees : 20,023 Women : 53 % Headquarters : Newark , NJ What We Love It 's easy to find people to admire at this financial services firm , where moms run two of the three highest-earning businesses and the number of women promoted to senior management increased by 51 % in 2010 . Encouraged by their example , female employees have recently doubled their participation in its career-counseling and life-coaching programs . Those in the retirement and life insurance divisions enjoy their own leadership forums , but mentoring and tuition assistance are widely available . Women who work 20 hours per week can take nine partially paid weeks off after the birth of a child . TriHealth Employees : 10,114 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Cincinnati , OH What We Love Employee kids are everywhere at this health-care system -- working as candy stripers , roaming the halls during holiday parties , running through the on-site gymnasium and taking swimming , babysitting and yoga classes . In 2010 , the organization expanded its day-care center to accommodate growing families , and now looks after 98 kids ages 6 weeks to 10 years . Children confronting tough issues get special help , with sessions on how to stay safe at home alone offered to those in grades three through six and a free retreat offered to older kids who 've lost their parents . Mentoring and leadership initiatives and tuition aid abound for ambitious moms , who rely heavily on flex schedules ; a very helpful employee assistance program can locate extra dependent care and provide parenting and health coaching . KPMG Employees : 20,601 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Facing any new parenting situation for the first time can be tough , something this professional services firm recognizes with its Parents in the Know initiative  available in Boston and New York City  . No matter what stage of life an employee is inâ $ " having a baby , adopting , returning to workâ $ " she can be put in touch with a colleague who has been through it and can offer advice . To help parents in Kansas City , the firm 's women 's network just debuted a Working Parents group  joining similar ones in other locations  , which hosts social outings and informative lectures . Across the firm , parents attend seminars on nutrition for young children and learn how to help kids do well in school . While women earned half of all promotions to manager , senior manager and executive last year , the growth of virtual meetings means they do n't have to stay in the office to be considered top performers . WorkingMother.com : 7 tips on asking for a raise WellStar Employees : 13,046 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Marietta , GA What We Love Financial acumen is prized by this health-care organization , where women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions . Aware that they shape the organization 's future , many take advantage of the executive mentoring offered by its 21st Century leadership program , which allows them to work on projects aligned with their employer 's goals . As they rise , women also utilize tuition aid , which covers 100 % of their job-related college courses or degrees , up to $ 4,500 annually . Smaller perks help them save for the future , from discounts on sports and entertainment activities to inexpensive backup care and deals on respite and full-time care for elder relatives , offered at an on-site assisted-living facility . Bank of America Employees : 248,074 Women : 60 % Headquarters : Charlotte , NC What We Love Family health insurance is worth its weight in gold these days , but parents at this leading bank only need to work 20 hours per week to earn it . If they want to cut their out-of-pocket costs , they can save $ 5,000 annually in pretax health accounts ; similar versions offset dependent-care and commuter expenses . While ten on and near-site child-care centers offer subsidies , parents can also call a resource and referral service to locate nannies , day cares , backup assistance and special-needs caregivers . Employees who are thinking about the future may consult the benefits Education and Planning center , whose counselors will pinpoint savings goals for their retirement and work with them to build a long-term financial strategy . Altruistic types may take two paid hours off per week to volunteer ; over a year , that 's 13 days . WorkingMother.com : See the full list of Working Mother 100 Best Companies Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	TriHealth , whose employees are 83 % women , offers extensive child care services
Parenting.com  -- Stressed about work-life balance ? Take a look at this list from Parenting 's sister magazine Working Mother of the top ten companies that keep working moms ' needs in minds , excerpted from the Working Mother 100 Best Companies . PwC Employees : 30,379 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Working a reduced schedule wo n't hurt your career at this audit , tax and advisory services firm : Moms who put in just 20 hours per week still earn full benefits and remain under consideration for top jobs . In 2010 , the firm added training that helps them better navigate the workplace and advance in their careers ; nationwide sessions assist the human resources team in advising and managing employees on such arrangements . At present , more than one tenth of female client-service partners , directors and managers have cut their hoursâ $ " and nearly all say that it has made them feel happier , more committed and more supported by the firm . Parenting.com : How to tell your boss you 're pregnant General Mills Employees : 16,803 Women : 40 % Headquarters : Minneapolis , MN What We Love This major food manufacturer earns employees ' loyalty by investing in programs that support their long-term satisfaction . Its recent great Manager initiative , for example , used training courses , mentoring circles and town halls to teach officers and directors how to inspire and motivate their workers . To help people make more time for family , the company promotes flexible schedules , grants 26 job-guaranteed weeks off for a birth or adoption  with $ 10,000 in adoption aid  and allows employees to take three weeks of vacation in their first year . At the Minneapolis headquarters , an on-site center looks after infants ages 6 weeks to 16 months ; everyone else has access to discounts at 63 near-site child-care facilities and may request backup-care subsidies . Deloitte Employees : 40,984 Women : 43 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Sprawling across 700,000 square feet on a massive plot of land in Westlake , TX , is this professional services firm 's new Deloitte University , which boasts hundreds of training courses for its employees . As they pursue their career goals , moms telecommute , ramp up or reduce their workloads , take paid sabbaticals and even go on five-year breaks , all the while maintaining connections to office mentors and freelance work . Gender-neutral parental leave policies grant at least eight fully paid weeks off to primary caregivers and three fully paid weeks off to secondary caregivers after the birth or adoption of a child . To keep costs down , employees use the firm 's mortgage assistance , tap up to $ 10,000 in annual tuition aid and invest in pretax commuter , health-care and dependent-care accounts . Parenting.com : "  I 'm jealous of my nanny : " A mom 's honest confession Discovery Communications Employees : 3,094 Women : 54 % Headquarters : Silver Spring , MD What We Love Ca n't find time to get a blood test , physical or EKG ? Employees at the Silver Spring headquarters and Miami and New York sites of this nonfiction media company simply walk down the hall to their office wellness clinics , which offer free acute and primary care  and basic prescription drugs  to workers and their children over age 14 . Since 2004 , the clinics have doled out some $ 7 million in medical care to employee families , which has put money back in parents ' wallets . To improve their mental health , moms join the Working Families Group  a parenting network that debuted in October 2010  and take workshops on women 's finances , home-buying and retirement . Anyone who pays for an exercise class or athletic activity may be reimbursed for 50 % of the cost , up to $ 50 per month . Ernst & Young Employees : 23,899 Women : 48 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love If you 're surrounded by talented people , it makes sense to seek their advice on work life matters , which is what the female employees of this professional services firm often do . Meeting at the discussion forums , book clubs , lectures , dinners and outings hosted by the firm 's more than 70 U.S. professional women 's networks , they share their goals , hopes and challenges , forging key relationships . If they have a question about how to achieve balance , they can turn to the firm 's affinity groups for working moms , parents and those raising kids with special needs . And if their teens are going through rocky times , they can ask its employee assistance program to arrange counseling or join a dedicated online support group . Parenting.com : Stay home or work ? How moms can make the best choice Prudential Financial Employees : 20,023 Women : 53 % Headquarters : Newark , NJ What We Love It 's easy to find people to admire at this financial services firm , where moms run two of the three highest-earning businesses and the number of women promoted to senior management increased by 51 % in 2010 . Encouraged by their example , female employees have recently doubled their participation in its career-counseling and life-coaching programs . Those in the retirement and life insurance divisions enjoy their own leadership forums , but mentoring and tuition assistance are widely available . Women who work 20 hours per week can take nine partially paid weeks off after the birth of a child . TriHealth Employees : 10,114 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Cincinnati , OH What We Love Employee kids are everywhere at this health-care system -- working as candy stripers , roaming the halls during holiday parties , running through the on-site gymnasium and taking swimming , babysitting and yoga classes . In 2010 , the organization expanded its day-care center to accommodate growing families , and now looks after 98 kids ages 6 weeks to 10 years . Children confronting tough issues get special help , with sessions on how to stay safe at home alone offered to those in grades three through six and a free retreat offered to older kids who 've lost their parents . Mentoring and leadership initiatives and tuition aid abound for ambitious moms , who rely heavily on flex schedules ; a very helpful employee assistance program can locate extra dependent care and provide parenting and health coaching . KPMG Employees : 20,601 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Facing any new parenting situation for the first time can be tough , something this professional services firm recognizes with its Parents in the Know initiative  available in Boston and New York City  . No matter what stage of life an employee is inâ $ " having a baby , adopting , returning to workâ $ " she can be put in touch with a colleague who has been through it and can offer advice . To help parents in Kansas City , the firm 's women 's network just debuted a Working Parents group  joining similar ones in other locations  , which hosts social outings and informative lectures . Across the firm , parents attend seminars on nutrition for young children and learn how to help kids do well in school . While women earned half of all promotions to manager , senior manager and executive last year , the growth of virtual meetings means they do n't have to stay in the office to be considered top performers . WorkingMother.com : 7 tips on asking for a raise WellStar Employees : 13,046 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Marietta , GA What We Love Financial acumen is prized by this health-care organization , where women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions . Aware that they shape the organization 's future , many take advantage of the executive mentoring offered by its 21st Century leadership program , which allows them to work on projects aligned with their employer 's goals . As they rise , women also utilize tuition aid , which covers 100 % of their job-related college courses or degrees , up to $ 4,500 annually . Smaller perks help them save for the future , from discounts on sports and entertainment activities to inexpensive backup care and deals on respite and full-time care for elder relatives , offered at an on-site assisted-living facility . Bank of America Employees : 248,074 Women : 60 % Headquarters : Charlotte , NC What We Love Family health insurance is worth its weight in gold these days , but parents at this leading bank only need to work 20 hours per week to earn it . If they want to cut their out-of-pocket costs , they can save $ 5,000 annually in pretax health accounts ; similar versions offset dependent-care and commuter expenses . While ten on and near-site child-care centers offer subsidies , parents can also call a resource and referral service to locate nannies , day cares , backup assistance and special-needs caregivers . Employees who are thinking about the future may consult the benefits Education and Planning center , whose counselors will pinpoint savings goals for their retirement and work with them to build a long-term financial strategy . Altruistic types may take two paid hours off per week to volunteer ; over a year , that 's 13 days . WorkingMother.com : See the full list of Working Mother 100 Best Companies Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	At WellStar women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	Soldier 's death in Kandahar operations brings monthly international death toll to 47
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	Previous monthly record for coalition forces was 46 in June and August 2008
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	News comes as British death toll in Afghanistan surpasses number of dead in Iraq
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	Death toll grows amid intense fighting in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold
CNN  -- A New Orleans bartender who accused Oscar-winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr. of pushing her has dropped all charges against him , bar management said Wednesday . The unnamed female bartender told police Gooding stopped by the Old Absinthe House in the French Quarter in the early hours of Tuesday with a group of people . She said Gooding soon became angry with other patrons who recognized him and wanted to take pictures with him . The bartender told police she asked Gooding to calm down , at which point he allegedly pushed her away . Another employee called 911 and told Gooding to leave , and as he left , he pushed the bartender again , police said . Police said Gooding was presumed to be intoxicated , and a misdemeanor battery warrant was issued for his arrest . Gooding and his attorney met with police Wednesday and was given a court summons , police said , but later in the day the bar 's management said the bartender chose to drop all charges . "  While we will continue to investigate this matter internally , we are hopeful that this will put an end to the matter and allow everyone to get back to enjoying all that our great city has to offer ! " a statement from the management read . Gooding is starring in the upcoming movie "  The Butler , " filming in New Orleans . He won an Academy Award in 1997 for best supporting actor in the film "  Jerry Maguire " and starred in this year 's "  Red Tails , " about the Tuskegee Airmen . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Gooding allegedly pushed the woman early Tuesday
CNN  -- A New Orleans bartender who accused Oscar-winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr. of pushing her has dropped all charges against him , bar management said Wednesday . The unnamed female bartender told police Gooding stopped by the Old Absinthe House in the French Quarter in the early hours of Tuesday with a group of people . She said Gooding soon became angry with other patrons who recognized him and wanted to take pictures with him . The bartender told police she asked Gooding to calm down , at which point he allegedly pushed her away . Another employee called 911 and told Gooding to leave , and as he left , he pushed the bartender again , police said . Police said Gooding was presumed to be intoxicated , and a misdemeanor battery warrant was issued for his arrest . Gooding and his attorney met with police Wednesday and was given a court summons , police said , but later in the day the bar 's management said the bartender chose to drop all charges . "  While we will continue to investigate this matter internally , we are hopeful that this will put an end to the matter and allow everyone to get back to enjoying all that our great city has to offer ! " a statement from the management read . Gooding is starring in the upcoming movie "  The Butler , " filming in New Orleans . He won an Academy Award in 1997 for best supporting actor in the film "  Jerry Maguire " and starred in this year 's "  Red Tails , " about the Tuskegee Airmen . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Police said he was presumed to be intoxicated
CNN  -- A New Orleans bartender who accused Oscar-winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr. of pushing her has dropped all charges against him , bar management said Wednesday . The unnamed female bartender told police Gooding stopped by the Old Absinthe House in the French Quarter in the early hours of Tuesday with a group of people . She said Gooding soon became angry with other patrons who recognized him and wanted to take pictures with him . The bartender told police she asked Gooding to calm down , at which point he allegedly pushed her away . Another employee called 911 and told Gooding to leave , and as he left , he pushed the bartender again , police said . Police said Gooding was presumed to be intoxicated , and a misdemeanor battery warrant was issued for his arrest . Gooding and his attorney met with police Wednesday and was given a court summons , police said , but later in the day the bar 's management said the bartender chose to drop all charges . "  While we will continue to investigate this matter internally , we are hopeful that this will put an end to the matter and allow everyone to get back to enjoying all that our great city has to offer ! " a statement from the management read . Gooding is starring in the upcoming movie "  The Butler , " filming in New Orleans . He won an Academy Award in 1997 for best supporting actor in the film "  Jerry Maguire " and starred in this year 's "  Red Tails , " about the Tuskegee Airmen . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	It happened at a bar in New Orleans ' French Quarter
CNN  An Argentine prosecutor said Friday there is enough evidence to continue an investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner hid Iran 's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing , a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month . Federal Prosecutor Gerardo Pollicita filed a 61-page report essentially endorsing what prosecutor Alberto Nisman claimed before he died in January : that evidence shows Fernandez and other top officials tried to cover up Iran 's alleged involvement in the bombing that killed 85 people at a Jewish center in Buenos Aires . Pollicita sent his report to a judge , who is expected to examine it next week after he returns from vacation . The judge can determine whether the case can proceed to trial . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , alleged last month that Iran was behind the attack , and that Fernandez , to help sweeten a trade deal , covered up Tehran 's involvement . That trade deal , Nisman alleged , involved cash-strapped Argentina receiving Iranian oil in exchange for meat and grain . Nisman made the allegation in a nearly 300-page report . But on January 18 , one day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations , he was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to the head . Nisman filled with fear before his death , friend says In his trash can , investigators say , was a 6-month-old draft warrant for Fernandez 's arrest . Fernandez initially called it a suicide , but a test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands . Fernandez said a few days later that she did n't believe Nisman killed himself , alleging that some members of the country 's intelligence agency fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and were responsible for his death . The President and the other accused government officials deny any cover-up in the bombing . Anibal Fernandez , the President 's general secretary , said the allegations against Fernandez are "  a clear maneuver to destabilize democracy " in the South American country . He also said the investigation lacks "  judicial value " or "  importance . " About 10 years ago , Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor to investigate the bombing by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Conspiracy theories aplenty in wake of prosecutor 's death CNN 's Rafael Romo , Elwyn Lopez and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Prosecutor to judge : Enough evidence for investigation of President to continue
CNN  An Argentine prosecutor said Friday there is enough evidence to continue an investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner hid Iran 's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing , a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month . Federal Prosecutor Gerardo Pollicita filed a 61-page report essentially endorsing what prosecutor Alberto Nisman claimed before he died in January : that evidence shows Fernandez and other top officials tried to cover up Iran 's alleged involvement in the bombing that killed 85 people at a Jewish center in Buenos Aires . Pollicita sent his report to a judge , who is expected to examine it next week after he returns from vacation . The judge can determine whether the case can proceed to trial . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , alleged last month that Iran was behind the attack , and that Fernandez , to help sweeten a trade deal , covered up Tehran 's involvement . That trade deal , Nisman alleged , involved cash-strapped Argentina receiving Iranian oil in exchange for meat and grain . Nisman made the allegation in a nearly 300-page report . But on January 18 , one day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations , he was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to the head . Nisman filled with fear before his death , friend says In his trash can , investigators say , was a 6-month-old draft warrant for Fernandez 's arrest . Fernandez initially called it a suicide , but a test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands . Fernandez said a few days later that she did n't believe Nisman killed himself , alleging that some members of the country 's intelligence agency fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and were responsible for his death . The President and the other accused government officials deny any cover-up in the bombing . Anibal Fernandez , the President 's general secretary , said the allegations against Fernandez are "  a clear maneuver to destabilize democracy " in the South American country . He also said the investigation lacks "  judicial value " or "  importance . " About 10 years ago , Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor to investigate the bombing by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Conspiracy theories aplenty in wake of prosecutor 's death CNN 's Rafael Romo , Elwyn Lopez and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Different prosecutor , before he died , alleged President hid Iran 's alleged involvement in bombing
CNN  An Argentine prosecutor said Friday there is enough evidence to continue an investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner hid Iran 's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing , a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month . Federal Prosecutor Gerardo Pollicita filed a 61-page report essentially endorsing what prosecutor Alberto Nisman claimed before he died in January : that evidence shows Fernandez and other top officials tried to cover up Iran 's alleged involvement in the bombing that killed 85 people at a Jewish center in Buenos Aires . Pollicita sent his report to a judge , who is expected to examine it next week after he returns from vacation . The judge can determine whether the case can proceed to trial . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , alleged last month that Iran was behind the attack , and that Fernandez , to help sweeten a trade deal , covered up Tehran 's involvement . That trade deal , Nisman alleged , involved cash-strapped Argentina receiving Iranian oil in exchange for meat and grain . Nisman made the allegation in a nearly 300-page report . But on January 18 , one day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations , he was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to the head . Nisman filled with fear before his death , friend says In his trash can , investigators say , was a 6-month-old draft warrant for Fernandez 's arrest . Fernandez initially called it a suicide , but a test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands . Fernandez said a few days later that she did n't believe Nisman killed himself , alleging that some members of the country 's intelligence agency fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and were responsible for his death . The President and the other accused government officials deny any cover-up in the bombing . Anibal Fernandez , the President 's general secretary , said the allegations against Fernandez are "  a clear maneuver to destabilize democracy " in the South American country . He also said the investigation lacks "  judicial value " or "  importance . " About 10 years ago , Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor to investigate the bombing by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Conspiracy theories aplenty in wake of prosecutor 's death CNN 's Rafael Romo , Elwyn Lopez and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , other officials deny cover-up
CNN  -- Cases of disease are increasing in flood-ravaged Pakistan , but international relief funding for the disaster is drying up , the Oxfam aid organization said Friday . "  When the world 's attention was focused on Pakistan 's flood victims , there was a chance of seeing substantial aid being delivered . But as the worst of the flood waters have receded , so has the promise of significant funding , " Neva Khan , Oxfam 's director in Pakistan , said in a statement . But donations are still crucial to help people survive , the organization said . Three months after the devastating flooding , large areas in the southern province of Sindh remain underwater , and 7 million people are "  still without adequate shelter . " "  While the response from some donors and the public has been generous , the U.N. 's Pakistan flood appeal for just over $ 2 billion , is only 38 percent funded , " the organization said . Citing United Nations figures , Oxfam said 10 million people need immediate food assistance . "  The funding shortfall is so serious that existing regular food rations to 3.5 million people could be in jeopardy , " the organization said . The floods caused $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads , farms and other parts of the southwestern Asian country , according to estimates from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . The flooding began in early August , and flood waters continued to rage in the countryside more than seven weeks later . More than 1,700 people died due to the flooding , according to Pakistani authorities , while more than 20 million were displaced . The rushing waters washed out large swaths of farmland , destroying crops and families ' livelihoods . "  The water is six feet high . No one will be able to plant anything , " said Mohamad Razi , 19 , according to Oxfam . "  We should be planting next month , but we will have to wait a year . " The Sindh province resident , who is staying at a relief camp , said many have no choice but to rely on assistance from others . "  We have to depend on the government for help . We have nothing here , " he said . Last week , United States officials announced a $ 2 billion , multiyear security assistance package to help Pakistan fight extremists taking refuge in safe havens along its border with Afghanistan -- noting that the Pakistani military is stretched thin dealing with flood disaster relief .	Oxfam says large areas in Sindh province remain underwater
CNN  -- Cases of disease are increasing in flood-ravaged Pakistan , but international relief funding for the disaster is drying up , the Oxfam aid organization said Friday . "  When the world 's attention was focused on Pakistan 's flood victims , there was a chance of seeing substantial aid being delivered . But as the worst of the flood waters have receded , so has the promise of significant funding , " Neva Khan , Oxfam 's director in Pakistan , said in a statement . But donations are still crucial to help people survive , the organization said . Three months after the devastating flooding , large areas in the southern province of Sindh remain underwater , and 7 million people are "  still without adequate shelter . " "  While the response from some donors and the public has been generous , the U.N. 's Pakistan flood appeal for just over $ 2 billion , is only 38 percent funded , " the organization said . Citing United Nations figures , Oxfam said 10 million people need immediate food assistance . "  The funding shortfall is so serious that existing regular food rations to 3.5 million people could be in jeopardy , " the organization said . The floods caused $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads , farms and other parts of the southwestern Asian country , according to estimates from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . The flooding began in early August , and flood waters continued to rage in the countryside more than seven weeks later . More than 1,700 people died due to the flooding , according to Pakistani authorities , while more than 20 million were displaced . The rushing waters washed out large swaths of farmland , destroying crops and families ' livelihoods . "  The water is six feet high . No one will be able to plant anything , " said Mohamad Razi , 19 , according to Oxfam . "  We should be planting next month , but we will have to wait a year . " The Sindh province resident , who is staying at a relief camp , said many have no choice but to rely on assistance from others . "  We have to depend on the government for help . We have nothing here , " he said . Last week , United States officials announced a $ 2 billion , multiyear security assistance package to help Pakistan fight extremists taking refuge in safe havens along its border with Afghanistan -- noting that the Pakistani military is stretched thin dealing with flood disaster relief .	The UN 's aid appeal for the country is only 38 percent funded
CNN  -- Cases of disease are increasing in flood-ravaged Pakistan , but international relief funding for the disaster is drying up , the Oxfam aid organization said Friday . "  When the world 's attention was focused on Pakistan 's flood victims , there was a chance of seeing substantial aid being delivered . But as the worst of the flood waters have receded , so has the promise of significant funding , " Neva Khan , Oxfam 's director in Pakistan , said in a statement . But donations are still crucial to help people survive , the organization said . Three months after the devastating flooding , large areas in the southern province of Sindh remain underwater , and 7 million people are "  still without adequate shelter . " "  While the response from some donors and the public has been generous , the U.N. 's Pakistan flood appeal for just over $ 2 billion , is only 38 percent funded , " the organization said . Citing United Nations figures , Oxfam said 10 million people need immediate food assistance . "  The funding shortfall is so serious that existing regular food rations to 3.5 million people could be in jeopardy , " the organization said . The floods caused $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads , farms and other parts of the southwestern Asian country , according to estimates from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . The flooding began in early August , and flood waters continued to rage in the countryside more than seven weeks later . More than 1,700 people died due to the flooding , according to Pakistani authorities , while more than 20 million were displaced . The rushing waters washed out large swaths of farmland , destroying crops and families ' livelihoods . "  The water is six feet high . No one will be able to plant anything , " said Mohamad Razi , 19 , according to Oxfam . "  We should be planting next month , but we will have to wait a year . " The Sindh province resident , who is staying at a relief camp , said many have no choice but to rely on assistance from others . "  We have to depend on the government for help . We have nothing here , " he said . Last week , United States officials announced a $ 2 billion , multiyear security assistance package to help Pakistan fight extremists taking refuge in safe havens along its border with Afghanistan -- noting that the Pakistani military is stretched thin dealing with flood disaster relief .	10 million people need immediate food assistance , Oxfam says
CNN  -- Cases of disease are increasing in flood-ravaged Pakistan , but international relief funding for the disaster is drying up , the Oxfam aid organization said Friday . "  When the world 's attention was focused on Pakistan 's flood victims , there was a chance of seeing substantial aid being delivered . But as the worst of the flood waters have receded , so has the promise of significant funding , " Neva Khan , Oxfam 's director in Pakistan , said in a statement . But donations are still crucial to help people survive , the organization said . Three months after the devastating flooding , large areas in the southern province of Sindh remain underwater , and 7 million people are "  still without adequate shelter . " "  While the response from some donors and the public has been generous , the U.N. 's Pakistan flood appeal for just over $ 2 billion , is only 38 percent funded , " the organization said . Citing United Nations figures , Oxfam said 10 million people need immediate food assistance . "  The funding shortfall is so serious that existing regular food rations to 3.5 million people could be in jeopardy , " the organization said . The floods caused $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads , farms and other parts of the southwestern Asian country , according to estimates from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . The flooding began in early August , and flood waters continued to rage in the countryside more than seven weeks later . More than 1,700 people died due to the flooding , according to Pakistani authorities , while more than 20 million were displaced . The rushing waters washed out large swaths of farmland , destroying crops and families ' livelihoods . "  The water is six feet high . No one will be able to plant anything , " said Mohamad Razi , 19 , according to Oxfam . "  We should be planting next month , but we will have to wait a year . " The Sindh province resident , who is staying at a relief camp , said many have no choice but to rely on assistance from others . "  We have to depend on the government for help . We have nothing here , " he said . Last week , United States officials announced a $ 2 billion , multiyear security assistance package to help Pakistan fight extremists taking refuge in safe havens along its border with Afghanistan -- noting that the Pakistani military is stretched thin dealing with flood disaster relief .	The widespread devastation means many farmers can not plant crops
CNN  -- Midfielder Park Ji Sung ended his seven-year stay at Manchester United on Monday by signing a two-year contract with English Premier League team Queens Park Rangers . The South Korean , who made 100 appearances for his country before retiring from international football in January 2012 , has moved to the London club for an undisclosed fee , reported to be in the region of $ 7.75 million . "  This is a real coup for QPR , " manager Mark Hughes , who also used to play for United , told the club 's official website . "  We are delighted Ji is going to join us because his record speaks for itself . He has been a big player for Manchester United and played a big part in their success in recent years . "  He is hugely respected there because of what he has achieved , his application to his work and the impact he has on games . " Have FIFA opened Pandora 's Box ? During his time at Old Trafford , Park has won four Premier League titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . "  I am delighted to be here and be a QPR player , " said the 31-year-old . "  QPR is a club with huge history and tradition , and a great ambition to achieve at the very highest level . "  Owner  Tony Fernandes and the board are striving to accomplish big things at QPR and I wanted to be part of that . "  This project was simply too good to resist , and I am excited about getting started in preseason and going on our tour to Asia in the coming days . " Fernandes is a Malaysian businessman who also owns the Caterham Formula One team . "  I 'm overjoyed and ca n't wait to see him in a QPR shirt , " he said . "  I am the ultimate dreamer and myself and Mark have worked incredibly hard to make this happen . Ji has bought into the story and we could n't be more delighted . " QPR will be without Joey Barton for 12 matches next season after the midfielder was handed a Football Association ban for violent conduct after he was sent off against Manchester City . Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur have reached an agreement with Dutch champions Ajax for the transfer of Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen . The center-back revealed the switch via his Twitter account , saying : "  It 's official . I 'm player of Tottenham Hotspur FC . " Vertonghen becomes new Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas ' second signing after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , who joined from Hoffenheim last week . The 25-year-old captained Amsterdam-based Ajax to a second consecutive Eredivisie title last season and he was named the league 's Player of the Year . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Jan Vertonghen , subject to a medical , " read a statement on Tottenham 's website . Vertonghen is not the first Belgium star to move to England during the current transfer window . Highly-rated attacker Eden Hazard moved from French team Lille to Chelsea in June . He will come into direct competition with former teammate Thomas Vermaelen , who plays for Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal .	Park Ji-Sung completes his transfer from Machester United to Queens Park Rangers
CNN  -- Midfielder Park Ji Sung ended his seven-year stay at Manchester United on Monday by signing a two-year contract with English Premier League team Queens Park Rangers . The South Korean , who made 100 appearances for his country before retiring from international football in January 2012 , has moved to the London club for an undisclosed fee , reported to be in the region of $ 7.75 million . "  This is a real coup for QPR , " manager Mark Hughes , who also used to play for United , told the club 's official website . "  We are delighted Ji is going to join us because his record speaks for itself . He has been a big player for Manchester United and played a big part in their success in recent years . "  He is hugely respected there because of what he has achieved , his application to his work and the impact he has on games . " Have FIFA opened Pandora 's Box ? During his time at Old Trafford , Park has won four Premier League titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . "  I am delighted to be here and be a QPR player , " said the 31-year-old . "  QPR is a club with huge history and tradition , and a great ambition to achieve at the very highest level . "  Owner  Tony Fernandes and the board are striving to accomplish big things at QPR and I wanted to be part of that . "  This project was simply too good to resist , and I am excited about getting started in preseason and going on our tour to Asia in the coming days . " Fernandes is a Malaysian businessman who also owns the Caterham Formula One team . "  I 'm overjoyed and ca n't wait to see him in a QPR shirt , " he said . "  I am the ultimate dreamer and myself and Mark have worked incredibly hard to make this happen . Ji has bought into the story and we could n't be more delighted . " QPR will be without Joey Barton for 12 matches next season after the midfielder was handed a Football Association ban for violent conduct after he was sent off against Manchester City . Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur have reached an agreement with Dutch champions Ajax for the transfer of Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen . The center-back revealed the switch via his Twitter account , saying : "  It 's official . I 'm player of Tottenham Hotspur FC . " Vertonghen becomes new Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas ' second signing after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , who joined from Hoffenheim last week . The 25-year-old captained Amsterdam-based Ajax to a second consecutive Eredivisie title last season and he was named the league 's Player of the Year . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Jan Vertonghen , subject to a medical , " read a statement on Tottenham 's website . Vertonghen is not the first Belgium star to move to England during the current transfer window . Highly-rated attacker Eden Hazard moved from French team Lille to Chelsea in June . He will come into direct competition with former teammate Thomas Vermaelen , who plays for Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal .	The 31-year-old joined United from PSV Eindhoven in 2005
CNN  -- Midfielder Park Ji Sung ended his seven-year stay at Manchester United on Monday by signing a two-year contract with English Premier League team Queens Park Rangers . The South Korean , who made 100 appearances for his country before retiring from international football in January 2012 , has moved to the London club for an undisclosed fee , reported to be in the region of $ 7.75 million . "  This is a real coup for QPR , " manager Mark Hughes , who also used to play for United , told the club 's official website . "  We are delighted Ji is going to join us because his record speaks for itself . He has been a big player for Manchester United and played a big part in their success in recent years . "  He is hugely respected there because of what he has achieved , his application to his work and the impact he has on games . " Have FIFA opened Pandora 's Box ? During his time at Old Trafford , Park has won four Premier League titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . "  I am delighted to be here and be a QPR player , " said the 31-year-old . "  QPR is a club with huge history and tradition , and a great ambition to achieve at the very highest level . "  Owner  Tony Fernandes and the board are striving to accomplish big things at QPR and I wanted to be part of that . "  This project was simply too good to resist , and I am excited about getting started in preseason and going on our tour to Asia in the coming days . " Fernandes is a Malaysian businessman who also owns the Caterham Formula One team . "  I 'm overjoyed and ca n't wait to see him in a QPR shirt , " he said . "  I am the ultimate dreamer and myself and Mark have worked incredibly hard to make this happen . Ji has bought into the story and we could n't be more delighted . " QPR will be without Joey Barton for 12 matches next season after the midfielder was handed a Football Association ban for violent conduct after he was sent off against Manchester City . Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur have reached an agreement with Dutch champions Ajax for the transfer of Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen . The center-back revealed the switch via his Twitter account , saying : "  It 's official . I 'm player of Tottenham Hotspur FC . " Vertonghen becomes new Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas ' second signing after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , who joined from Hoffenheim last week . The 25-year-old captained Amsterdam-based Ajax to a second consecutive Eredivisie title last season and he was named the league 's Player of the Year . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Jan Vertonghen , subject to a medical , " read a statement on Tottenham 's website . Vertonghen is not the first Belgium star to move to England during the current transfer window . Highly-rated attacker Eden Hazard moved from French team Lille to Chelsea in June . He will come into direct competition with former teammate Thomas Vermaelen , who plays for Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal .	The midfielder won the English Premier League title with United on four occasions
CNN  -- Midfielder Park Ji Sung ended his seven-year stay at Manchester United on Monday by signing a two-year contract with English Premier League team Queens Park Rangers . The South Korean , who made 100 appearances for his country before retiring from international football in January 2012 , has moved to the London club for an undisclosed fee , reported to be in the region of $ 7.75 million . "  This is a real coup for QPR , " manager Mark Hughes , who also used to play for United , told the club 's official website . "  We are delighted Ji is going to join us because his record speaks for itself . He has been a big player for Manchester United and played a big part in their success in recent years . "  He is hugely respected there because of what he has achieved , his application to his work and the impact he has on games . " Have FIFA opened Pandora 's Box ? During his time at Old Trafford , Park has won four Premier League titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . "  I am delighted to be here and be a QPR player , " said the 31-year-old . "  QPR is a club with huge history and tradition , and a great ambition to achieve at the very highest level . "  Owner  Tony Fernandes and the board are striving to accomplish big things at QPR and I wanted to be part of that . "  This project was simply too good to resist , and I am excited about getting started in preseason and going on our tour to Asia in the coming days . " Fernandes is a Malaysian businessman who also owns the Caterham Formula One team . "  I 'm overjoyed and ca n't wait to see him in a QPR shirt , " he said . "  I am the ultimate dreamer and myself and Mark have worked incredibly hard to make this happen . Ji has bought into the story and we could n't be more delighted . " QPR will be without Joey Barton for 12 matches next season after the midfielder was handed a Football Association ban for violent conduct after he was sent off against Manchester City . Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur have reached an agreement with Dutch champions Ajax for the transfer of Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen . The center-back revealed the switch via his Twitter account , saying : "  It 's official . I 'm player of Tottenham Hotspur FC . " Vertonghen becomes new Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas ' second signing after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , who joined from Hoffenheim last week . The 25-year-old captained Amsterdam-based Ajax to a second consecutive Eredivisie title last season and he was named the league 's Player of the Year . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Jan Vertonghen , subject to a medical , " read a statement on Tottenham 's website . Vertonghen is not the first Belgium star to move to England during the current transfer window . Highly-rated attacker Eden Hazard moved from French team Lille to Chelsea in June . He will come into direct competition with former teammate Thomas Vermaelen , who plays for Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal .	Tottenham Hotspur reach an agreement to sign defender Jan Vertonghen from Ajax
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A rocket fired by Palestinian militants fell on a Gaza home and killed two children , Palestinian sources said Friday , the same day Israel opened three Gaza border crossings for the first time in 10 days . A truck carrying grain enters Gaza from Israel on Friday at the Karni crossing point , one of three Israel reopened . A third child was in critical condition . The children , all girls , were cousins -- the two who died were 7 and 12 , and the injured child is 5 , Hamas security and Palestinian medical sources said . The rocket struck a house north of Gaza City . In a separate development , the Israeli military said it allowed a Palestinian who was badly wounded by rocket fire Wednesday to enter Israel for treatment . The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel . Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants . But it opened three other crossings Friday , allowing fuel and commodities into the Palestinian territory for the first time in more than a week . About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza . Among the goods were 400,000 liters of fuel and 120 tons of cooking gas . The decision to open the crossings at Kerem Shalom , Karni and Nahal Oz came after requests from international aid groups and Egypt , said Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . In addition , he said , Israel has no desire to hurt the civilian population in Gaza . Lerner said whether to keep the crossings open would be a daily decision . United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . A tenuous six-month truce between the Hamas government in Gaza and Israel expired a week ago . Under the Egyptian-brokered deal , Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza , and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods . In reality , the truce started breaking down two months ago . Rocket attacks by militants became more frequent , and Israel resumed airstrikes inside Gaza . Since then , dozens of rockets have been fired by Palestinian militants into Israel . Israel Defense Forces said about nine rockets have been launched from Gaza since midnight , pushing the three-day total to more than 110 . There are no reports of casualties in Israel . The crossings opened a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met in Cairo and Egypt expressed concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Livni criticized Hamas after her meeting with Mubarak . "  Hamas needs to understand that Israel 's basic desire to live in a tranquil region does n't mean that Israel is willing to accept ongoing shooting at its population , " she said , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . "  Enough is enough . We can not accept this situation , and the situation will change . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened to respond to the escalating violence . He warned Hamas again Thursday in an interview on the Al Arabiya television network and seemed to suggest that time was running out . "  We do not want to fight the Palestinian people , but we will not allow Hamas to strike our children , " Olmert said . "  I did not come here to declare war , " he continued . "  But Hamas must be stopped -- and so it will be . "  I will not hesitate to use Israel 's strength to strike at Hamas and Islamic Jihad . How ? I do not wish to go into details here . "	NEW : Militants ' rocket hits Gaza house , killing Palestinian cousins
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A rocket fired by Palestinian militants fell on a Gaza home and killed two children , Palestinian sources said Friday , the same day Israel opened three Gaza border crossings for the first time in 10 days . A truck carrying grain enters Gaza from Israel on Friday at the Karni crossing point , one of three Israel reopened . A third child was in critical condition . The children , all girls , were cousins -- the two who died were 7 and 12 , and the injured child is 5 , Hamas security and Palestinian medical sources said . The rocket struck a house north of Gaza City . In a separate development , the Israeli military said it allowed a Palestinian who was badly wounded by rocket fire Wednesday to enter Israel for treatment . The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel . Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants . But it opened three other crossings Friday , allowing fuel and commodities into the Palestinian territory for the first time in more than a week . About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza . Among the goods were 400,000 liters of fuel and 120 tons of cooking gas . The decision to open the crossings at Kerem Shalom , Karni and Nahal Oz came after requests from international aid groups and Egypt , said Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . In addition , he said , Israel has no desire to hurt the civilian population in Gaza . Lerner said whether to keep the crossings open would be a daily decision . United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . A tenuous six-month truce between the Hamas government in Gaza and Israel expired a week ago . Under the Egyptian-brokered deal , Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza , and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods . In reality , the truce started breaking down two months ago . Rocket attacks by militants became more frequent , and Israel resumed airstrikes inside Gaza . Since then , dozens of rockets have been fired by Palestinian militants into Israel . Israel Defense Forces said about nine rockets have been launched from Gaza since midnight , pushing the three-day total to more than 110 . There are no reports of casualties in Israel . The crossings opened a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met in Cairo and Egypt expressed concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Livni criticized Hamas after her meeting with Mubarak . "  Hamas needs to understand that Israel 's basic desire to live in a tranquil region does n't mean that Israel is willing to accept ongoing shooting at its population , " she said , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . "  Enough is enough . We can not accept this situation , and the situation will change . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened to respond to the escalating violence . He warned Hamas again Thursday in an interview on the Al Arabiya television network and seemed to suggest that time was running out . "  We do not want to fight the Palestinian people , but we will not allow Hamas to strike our children , " Olmert said . "  I did not come here to declare war , " he continued . "  But Hamas must be stopped -- and so it will be . "  I will not hesitate to use Israel 's strength to strike at Hamas and Islamic Jihad . How ? I do not wish to go into details here . "	NEW : Military says it allowed wounded Palestinian into Israel despite blockade
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A rocket fired by Palestinian militants fell on a Gaza home and killed two children , Palestinian sources said Friday , the same day Israel opened three Gaza border crossings for the first time in 10 days . A truck carrying grain enters Gaza from Israel on Friday at the Karni crossing point , one of three Israel reopened . A third child was in critical condition . The children , all girls , were cousins -- the two who died were 7 and 12 , and the injured child is 5 , Hamas security and Palestinian medical sources said . The rocket struck a house north of Gaza City . In a separate development , the Israeli military said it allowed a Palestinian who was badly wounded by rocket fire Wednesday to enter Israel for treatment . The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel . Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants . But it opened three other crossings Friday , allowing fuel and commodities into the Palestinian territory for the first time in more than a week . About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza . Among the goods were 400,000 liters of fuel and 120 tons of cooking gas . The decision to open the crossings at Kerem Shalom , Karni and Nahal Oz came after requests from international aid groups and Egypt , said Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . In addition , he said , Israel has no desire to hurt the civilian population in Gaza . Lerner said whether to keep the crossings open would be a daily decision . United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . A tenuous six-month truce between the Hamas government in Gaza and Israel expired a week ago . Under the Egyptian-brokered deal , Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza , and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods . In reality , the truce started breaking down two months ago . Rocket attacks by militants became more frequent , and Israel resumed airstrikes inside Gaza . Since then , dozens of rockets have been fired by Palestinian militants into Israel . Israel Defense Forces said about nine rockets have been launched from Gaza since midnight , pushing the three-day total to more than 110 . There are no reports of casualties in Israel . The crossings opened a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met in Cairo and Egypt expressed concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Livni criticized Hamas after her meeting with Mubarak . "  Hamas needs to understand that Israel 's basic desire to live in a tranquil region does n't mean that Israel is willing to accept ongoing shooting at its population , " she said , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . "  Enough is enough . We can not accept this situation , and the situation will change . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened to respond to the escalating violence . He warned Hamas again Thursday in an interview on the Al Arabiya television network and seemed to suggest that time was running out . "  We do not want to fight the Palestinian people , but we will not allow Hamas to strike our children , " Olmert said . "  I did not come here to declare war , " he continued . "  But Hamas must be stopped -- and so it will be . "  I will not hesitate to use Israel 's strength to strike at Hamas and Islamic Jihad . How ? I do not wish to go into details here . "	Trucks filled with commodities cross into Gaza at three locations
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A rocket fired by Palestinian militants fell on a Gaza home and killed two children , Palestinian sources said Friday , the same day Israel opened three Gaza border crossings for the first time in 10 days . A truck carrying grain enters Gaza from Israel on Friday at the Karni crossing point , one of three Israel reopened . A third child was in critical condition . The children , all girls , were cousins -- the two who died were 7 and 12 , and the injured child is 5 , Hamas security and Palestinian medical sources said . The rocket struck a house north of Gaza City . In a separate development , the Israeli military said it allowed a Palestinian who was badly wounded by rocket fire Wednesday to enter Israel for treatment . The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel . Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants . But it opened three other crossings Friday , allowing fuel and commodities into the Palestinian territory for the first time in more than a week . About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza . Among the goods were 400,000 liters of fuel and 120 tons of cooking gas . The decision to open the crossings at Kerem Shalom , Karni and Nahal Oz came after requests from international aid groups and Egypt , said Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . In addition , he said , Israel has no desire to hurt the civilian population in Gaza . Lerner said whether to keep the crossings open would be a daily decision . United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . A tenuous six-month truce between the Hamas government in Gaza and Israel expired a week ago . Under the Egyptian-brokered deal , Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza , and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods . In reality , the truce started breaking down two months ago . Rocket attacks by militants became more frequent , and Israel resumed airstrikes inside Gaza . Since then , dozens of rockets have been fired by Palestinian militants into Israel . Israel Defense Forces said about nine rockets have been launched from Gaza since midnight , pushing the three-day total to more than 110 . There are no reports of casualties in Israel . The crossings opened a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met in Cairo and Egypt expressed concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Livni criticized Hamas after her meeting with Mubarak . "  Hamas needs to understand that Israel 's basic desire to live in a tranquil region does n't mean that Israel is willing to accept ongoing shooting at its population , " she said , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . "  Enough is enough . We can not accept this situation , and the situation will change . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened to respond to the escalating violence . He warned Hamas again Thursday in an interview on the Al Arabiya television network and seemed to suggest that time was running out . "  We do not want to fight the Palestinian people , but we will not allow Hamas to strike our children , " Olmert said . "  I did not come here to declare war , " he continued . "  But Hamas must be stopped -- and so it will be . "  I will not hesitate to use Israel 's strength to strike at Hamas and Islamic Jihad . How ? I do not wish to go into details here . "	Militants have fired 110 rockets since Wednesday , Israel says
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Lessons from 1970 DC-9 ditching into Caribbean , 1996 crash off Comoro Islands
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	DC-9 seat belt failure lead to new design ; jet did n't have enough life rafts
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Passengers in 1996 crash inflated vests before getting out , were trapped
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	A320s have a "  ditching button " to close valves , allowing jet to float longer
CNN  -- The 20 jurors to be selected in the Orlando , Florida , murder trial of Casey Anthony will cost the court system an estimated $ 361,000 , according to court administrators . According to a cost breakdown spreadsheet obtained by "  In Session " on truTV , these expenses include everything from housing , transportation and three daily meals , to wages associated with the sheriff 's office , court clerks and courthouse facilities for the duration of the trial . The jurors will be sequestered for the trial , in which Anthony , who turns 25 on Saturday , faces a capital murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The girl was reporting missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches . Prior to a jury being seated , the Orange County Clerk of Courts Office will be required to pay nearly $ 4,000 in jury selection costs . "  It 's an estimate of the expenses , but it 's certainly not all-inclusive , " court spokeswoman Karen Levey told the Orlando Sentinel . However , she added , the cost breakdown per juror is "  fairly accurate . " Orange County Clerk of Courts Lydia Gardner told the newspaper that "  funding for the Casey Anthony trial is in serious jeopardy " and that she "  informed both the chief justice of the state Supreme Court as well as Chief  Judge  Belvin Perry of these dire circumstances . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott in February proposed cutting state spending by more than $ 5 billion this fiscal year . That includes a cut of about 8.4 percent -- or nearly $ 40 million -- to the state courts ' budget for 2011-12 , according to the governor 's web site . In a statement released Thursday , Levey said the chief judge knows that Gardner "  has concerns regarding her office 's ability to cover the costs that her office is responsible for , ... such as jury sequestration . " Levey added that the legislative session is in its early stages and talks of a continuance in the case on "  are extremely premature . " Jury selection in Casey Anthony 's murder trail is scheduled to start May 9 , and Levey stressed that the date "  has not been continued . " Aletse Mellado of "  In Session " contributed to this report .	Costs to Orlando court system cover housing , transportation , meals
CNN  -- The 20 jurors to be selected in the Orlando , Florida , murder trial of Casey Anthony will cost the court system an estimated $ 361,000 , according to court administrators . According to a cost breakdown spreadsheet obtained by "  In Session " on truTV , these expenses include everything from housing , transportation and three daily meals , to wages associated with the sheriff 's office , court clerks and courthouse facilities for the duration of the trial . The jurors will be sequestered for the trial , in which Anthony , who turns 25 on Saturday , faces a capital murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The girl was reporting missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches . Prior to a jury being seated , the Orange County Clerk of Courts Office will be required to pay nearly $ 4,000 in jury selection costs . "  It 's an estimate of the expenses , but it 's certainly not all-inclusive , " court spokeswoman Karen Levey told the Orlando Sentinel . However , she added , the cost breakdown per juror is "  fairly accurate . " Orange County Clerk of Courts Lydia Gardner told the newspaper that "  funding for the Casey Anthony trial is in serious jeopardy " and that she "  informed both the chief justice of the state Supreme Court as well as Chief  Judge  Belvin Perry of these dire circumstances . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott in February proposed cutting state spending by more than $ 5 billion this fiscal year . That includes a cut of about 8.4 percent -- or nearly $ 40 million -- to the state courts ' budget for 2011-12 , according to the governor 's web site . In a statement released Thursday , Levey said the chief judge knows that Gardner "  has concerns regarding her office 's ability to cover the costs that her office is responsible for , ... such as jury sequestration . " Levey added that the legislative session is in its early stages and talks of a continuance in the case on "  are extremely premature . " Jury selection in Casey Anthony 's murder trail is scheduled to start May 9 , and Levey stressed that the date "  has not been continued . " Aletse Mellado of "  In Session " contributed to this report .	Also included : courthouse costs , wages associated with sheriff 's office , clerks
CNN  -- The 20 jurors to be selected in the Orlando , Florida , murder trial of Casey Anthony will cost the court system an estimated $ 361,000 , according to court administrators . According to a cost breakdown spreadsheet obtained by "  In Session " on truTV , these expenses include everything from housing , transportation and three daily meals , to wages associated with the sheriff 's office , court clerks and courthouse facilities for the duration of the trial . The jurors will be sequestered for the trial , in which Anthony , who turns 25 on Saturday , faces a capital murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The girl was reporting missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches . Prior to a jury being seated , the Orange County Clerk of Courts Office will be required to pay nearly $ 4,000 in jury selection costs . "  It 's an estimate of the expenses , but it 's certainly not all-inclusive , " court spokeswoman Karen Levey told the Orlando Sentinel . However , she added , the cost breakdown per juror is "  fairly accurate . " Orange County Clerk of Courts Lydia Gardner told the newspaper that "  funding for the Casey Anthony trial is in serious jeopardy " and that she "  informed both the chief justice of the state Supreme Court as well as Chief  Judge  Belvin Perry of these dire circumstances . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott in February proposed cutting state spending by more than $ 5 billion this fiscal year . That includes a cut of about 8.4 percent -- or nearly $ 40 million -- to the state courts ' budget for 2011-12 , according to the governor 's web site . In a statement released Thursday , Levey said the chief judge knows that Gardner "  has concerns regarding her office 's ability to cover the costs that her office is responsible for , ... such as jury sequestration . " Levey added that the legislative session is in its early stages and talks of a continuance in the case on "  are extremely premature . " Jury selection in Casey Anthony 's murder trail is scheduled to start May 9 , and Levey stressed that the date "  has not been continued . " Aletse Mellado of "  In Session " contributed to this report .	Jury selection for the trial begins May 9
CNN  -- The 20 jurors to be selected in the Orlando , Florida , murder trial of Casey Anthony will cost the court system an estimated $ 361,000 , according to court administrators . According to a cost breakdown spreadsheet obtained by "  In Session " on truTV , these expenses include everything from housing , transportation and three daily meals , to wages associated with the sheriff 's office , court clerks and courthouse facilities for the duration of the trial . The jurors will be sequestered for the trial , in which Anthony , who turns 25 on Saturday , faces a capital murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The girl was reporting missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches . Prior to a jury being seated , the Orange County Clerk of Courts Office will be required to pay nearly $ 4,000 in jury selection costs . "  It 's an estimate of the expenses , but it 's certainly not all-inclusive , " court spokeswoman Karen Levey told the Orlando Sentinel . However , she added , the cost breakdown per juror is "  fairly accurate . " Orange County Clerk of Courts Lydia Gardner told the newspaper that "  funding for the Casey Anthony trial is in serious jeopardy " and that she "  informed both the chief justice of the state Supreme Court as well as Chief  Judge  Belvin Perry of these dire circumstances . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott in February proposed cutting state spending by more than $ 5 billion this fiscal year . That includes a cut of about 8.4 percent -- or nearly $ 40 million -- to the state courts ' budget for 2011-12 , according to the governor 's web site . In a statement released Thursday , Levey said the chief judge knows that Gardner "  has concerns regarding her office 's ability to cover the costs that her office is responsible for , ... such as jury sequestration . " Levey added that the legislative session is in its early stages and talks of a continuance in the case on "  are extremely premature . " Jury selection in Casey Anthony 's murder trail is scheduled to start May 9 , and Levey stressed that the date "  has not been continued . " Aletse Mellado of "  In Session " contributed to this report .	Casey Anthony is on trial for capital murder in the 2008 death of her daughter
CNN  -- From time to time , Sasha Raven Gross can be seen teetering around a neighborhood drinking hole . She flirts with strangers , talks gibberish and sometimes spins in circles for no apparent reason until she falls down . In one hand is her liquid of choice -- watered-down orange juice in a sippy cup . The 14-month-old toddler is the sort of barfly who 's at the center of a recurring and heated debate : Should parents be allowed to bring their babies and children to bars ? It is a question in Brooklyn , New York , that 's fired up online arguments , prompted unofficial protests and made outsiders giggle . And while the issue may not be exclusive to that area , it 's the stuff disputes are made of in what Sasha 's dad , Matt Gross , calls the kid-heavy "  greater stroller zone " of Park Slope and its surrounding neighborhoods . Single hipsters and others without  and sometimes with  kids complain about being asked to watch their language , to not smoke outdoors near strollers and to keep their drunk friends under control so as not to scare the little ones . They do n't want to feel pressure to play peekaboo . They want to cry over their beers , they say , without having an infant drown them out . If anyone is spitting up , they want it to be them . "  I will get up on the subway for kids . I will be tolerant of them kicking the back of my seat while seeing a G-rated movie . But let me have my bars , " said Julieanne Smolinski , 26 , who feels guilty sucking down suds in front of staring 5-year-olds . The adults who bring their offspring to bars , she suggests , are "  clinging to their youth . " Parents , on the other hand , say that as long as they 're responsible and their kids behave , they deserve the right to grab a quick drink with friends . And , they might add , in a place like New York -- where the cost of baby sitters can be prohibitive and tight living quarters can make hosting guests at home difficult -- they need places to hang out , too . "  As a stay-at-home dad , it can be kind of isolating . Bars , as much as they 're places to drink , they 're places to socialize and meet people , " said Gross , 35 , a freelance writer , an editor for the blog DadWagon and the columnist behind the Frugal Traveler in The New York Times . "  I long for adult contact . ... I do n't want to be excluded from the adult world . " But the divide remains wide in the blogosphere . Around 150 readers weighed in recently when someone posted on the Brooklynian , a neighborhood blog , the simple query : "  Which bars are child free ? " One writer shared the tale of a drunk father standing at a bar while his beer sloshed on his stroller-strapped kid 's face . Another poster announced a bar crawl in which "  no crawlers " would be allowed . The public debate about babies in bars ignited about two years ago when the bar Union Hall , a popular stomping ground , banned strollers from the premises , Gross said . "  At a certain point , owners said , ` Hey , enough , ' " he explained . "  Strollers take up a lot of room , especially the nice strollers . Your average Bugaboo is a beast . " This ban on buggies in a neighborhood where "  kids rule " caused an "  uproar , " said Erica Reitman , the 36-year-old married -- but not a "  breeder , " she insists -- marketing director who is behind the blog F **** ed in Park Slope . "  There was n't a march on the street , but there could have been . -LSB- Union Hall -RSB- relented under pressure and got rid of the policy . " The owner of Union Hall would not talk to CNN , but an unnamed bartender -- who mentioned the bar had been issued tickets by the fire department at one point because strollers blocked exits -- confirmed that there is no such policy in place . In a part of the city where Greg Curley says he sees "  a sense of entitlement on both sides , " and where people do n't hold back their opinions -- "  This is Brooklyn , " he said -- he and his partners at The Double Windsor instituted a no-kids-after-5 p.m. rule . "  We 're a neighborhood gathering place , not a hard-drinking bar , and we 're not jerks about it " said Curley , a co-owner and the general manager . "  But the overwhelming clientele that spends quite a lot of money here ca n't deal with babies . " Rules like this , simple compromises , do n't bother Gross as they might other parents . He 's not interested in taking Sasha out till all hours of the night anyway . But when he gets a little stir-crazy in their apartment , he likes to head out to grab a stout with his little girl . He 's not taking her to punk dive bars where the music is loud , fights break out and patrons make out or pass out . They gravitate to mellow hangouts , and only in the late afternoon or early evening . "  I 'm not going to keep her out past 7 p.m. . When the bar starts filling up , that 's when we head home , " he said . "  It 's responsible parenting and responsible adult behavior . I 'm not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around . "	Babies in bars are the subject of heated discussion in Brooklyn , where strollers rule
CNN  -- From time to time , Sasha Raven Gross can be seen teetering around a neighborhood drinking hole . She flirts with strangers , talks gibberish and sometimes spins in circles for no apparent reason until she falls down . In one hand is her liquid of choice -- watered-down orange juice in a sippy cup . The 14-month-old toddler is the sort of barfly who 's at the center of a recurring and heated debate : Should parents be allowed to bring their babies and children to bars ? It is a question in Brooklyn , New York , that 's fired up online arguments , prompted unofficial protests and made outsiders giggle . And while the issue may not be exclusive to that area , it 's the stuff disputes are made of in what Sasha 's dad , Matt Gross , calls the kid-heavy "  greater stroller zone " of Park Slope and its surrounding neighborhoods . Single hipsters and others without  and sometimes with  kids complain about being asked to watch their language , to not smoke outdoors near strollers and to keep their drunk friends under control so as not to scare the little ones . They do n't want to feel pressure to play peekaboo . They want to cry over their beers , they say , without having an infant drown them out . If anyone is spitting up , they want it to be them . "  I will get up on the subway for kids . I will be tolerant of them kicking the back of my seat while seeing a G-rated movie . But let me have my bars , " said Julieanne Smolinski , 26 , who feels guilty sucking down suds in front of staring 5-year-olds . The adults who bring their offspring to bars , she suggests , are "  clinging to their youth . " Parents , on the other hand , say that as long as they 're responsible and their kids behave , they deserve the right to grab a quick drink with friends . And , they might add , in a place like New York -- where the cost of baby sitters can be prohibitive and tight living quarters can make hosting guests at home difficult -- they need places to hang out , too . "  As a stay-at-home dad , it can be kind of isolating . Bars , as much as they 're places to drink , they 're places to socialize and meet people , " said Gross , 35 , a freelance writer , an editor for the blog DadWagon and the columnist behind the Frugal Traveler in The New York Times . "  I long for adult contact . ... I do n't want to be excluded from the adult world . " But the divide remains wide in the blogosphere . Around 150 readers weighed in recently when someone posted on the Brooklynian , a neighborhood blog , the simple query : "  Which bars are child free ? " One writer shared the tale of a drunk father standing at a bar while his beer sloshed on his stroller-strapped kid 's face . Another poster announced a bar crawl in which "  no crawlers " would be allowed . The public debate about babies in bars ignited about two years ago when the bar Union Hall , a popular stomping ground , banned strollers from the premises , Gross said . "  At a certain point , owners said , ` Hey , enough , ' " he explained . "  Strollers take up a lot of room , especially the nice strollers . Your average Bugaboo is a beast . " This ban on buggies in a neighborhood where "  kids rule " caused an "  uproar , " said Erica Reitman , the 36-year-old married -- but not a "  breeder , " she insists -- marketing director who is behind the blog F **** ed in Park Slope . "  There was n't a march on the street , but there could have been . -LSB- Union Hall -RSB- relented under pressure and got rid of the policy . " The owner of Union Hall would not talk to CNN , but an unnamed bartender -- who mentioned the bar had been issued tickets by the fire department at one point because strollers blocked exits -- confirmed that there is no such policy in place . In a part of the city where Greg Curley says he sees "  a sense of entitlement on both sides , " and where people do n't hold back their opinions -- "  This is Brooklyn , " he said -- he and his partners at The Double Windsor instituted a no-kids-after-5 p.m. rule . "  We 're a neighborhood gathering place , not a hard-drinking bar , and we 're not jerks about it " said Curley , a co-owner and the general manager . "  But the overwhelming clientele that spends quite a lot of money here ca n't deal with babies . " Rules like this , simple compromises , do n't bother Gross as they might other parents . He 's not interested in taking Sasha out till all hours of the night anyway . But when he gets a little stir-crazy in their apartment , he likes to head out to grab a stout with his little girl . He 's not taking her to punk dive bars where the music is loud , fights break out and patrons make out or pass out . They gravitate to mellow hangouts , and only in the late afternoon or early evening . "  I 'm not going to keep her out past 7 p.m. . When the bar starts filling up , that 's when we head home , " he said . "  It 's responsible parenting and responsible adult behavior . I 'm not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around . "	Singles do n't want to watch their language , behavior ; parents do n't want to be shut out
CNN  -- From time to time , Sasha Raven Gross can be seen teetering around a neighborhood drinking hole . She flirts with strangers , talks gibberish and sometimes spins in circles for no apparent reason until she falls down . In one hand is her liquid of choice -- watered-down orange juice in a sippy cup . The 14-month-old toddler is the sort of barfly who 's at the center of a recurring and heated debate : Should parents be allowed to bring their babies and children to bars ? It is a question in Brooklyn , New York , that 's fired up online arguments , prompted unofficial protests and made outsiders giggle . And while the issue may not be exclusive to that area , it 's the stuff disputes are made of in what Sasha 's dad , Matt Gross , calls the kid-heavy "  greater stroller zone " of Park Slope and its surrounding neighborhoods . Single hipsters and others without  and sometimes with  kids complain about being asked to watch their language , to not smoke outdoors near strollers and to keep their drunk friends under control so as not to scare the little ones . They do n't want to feel pressure to play peekaboo . They want to cry over their beers , they say , without having an infant drown them out . If anyone is spitting up , they want it to be them . "  I will get up on the subway for kids . I will be tolerant of them kicking the back of my seat while seeing a G-rated movie . But let me have my bars , " said Julieanne Smolinski , 26 , who feels guilty sucking down suds in front of staring 5-year-olds . The adults who bring their offspring to bars , she suggests , are "  clinging to their youth . " Parents , on the other hand , say that as long as they 're responsible and their kids behave , they deserve the right to grab a quick drink with friends . And , they might add , in a place like New York -- where the cost of baby sitters can be prohibitive and tight living quarters can make hosting guests at home difficult -- they need places to hang out , too . "  As a stay-at-home dad , it can be kind of isolating . Bars , as much as they 're places to drink , they 're places to socialize and meet people , " said Gross , 35 , a freelance writer , an editor for the blog DadWagon and the columnist behind the Frugal Traveler in The New York Times . "  I long for adult contact . ... I do n't want to be excluded from the adult world . " But the divide remains wide in the blogosphere . Around 150 readers weighed in recently when someone posted on the Brooklynian , a neighborhood blog , the simple query : "  Which bars are child free ? " One writer shared the tale of a drunk father standing at a bar while his beer sloshed on his stroller-strapped kid 's face . Another poster announced a bar crawl in which "  no crawlers " would be allowed . The public debate about babies in bars ignited about two years ago when the bar Union Hall , a popular stomping ground , banned strollers from the premises , Gross said . "  At a certain point , owners said , ` Hey , enough , ' " he explained . "  Strollers take up a lot of room , especially the nice strollers . Your average Bugaboo is a beast . " This ban on buggies in a neighborhood where "  kids rule " caused an "  uproar , " said Erica Reitman , the 36-year-old married -- but not a "  breeder , " she insists -- marketing director who is behind the blog F **** ed in Park Slope . "  There was n't a march on the street , but there could have been . -LSB- Union Hall -RSB- relented under pressure and got rid of the policy . " The owner of Union Hall would not talk to CNN , but an unnamed bartender -- who mentioned the bar had been issued tickets by the fire department at one point because strollers blocked exits -- confirmed that there is no such policy in place . In a part of the city where Greg Curley says he sees "  a sense of entitlement on both sides , " and where people do n't hold back their opinions -- "  This is Brooklyn , " he said -- he and his partners at The Double Windsor instituted a no-kids-after-5 p.m. rule . "  We 're a neighborhood gathering place , not a hard-drinking bar , and we 're not jerks about it " said Curley , a co-owner and the general manager . "  But the overwhelming clientele that spends quite a lot of money here ca n't deal with babies . " Rules like this , simple compromises , do n't bother Gross as they might other parents . He 's not interested in taking Sasha out till all hours of the night anyway . But when he gets a little stir-crazy in their apartment , he likes to head out to grab a stout with his little girl . He 's not taking her to punk dive bars where the music is loud , fights break out and patrons make out or pass out . They gravitate to mellow hangouts , and only in the late afternoon or early evening . "  I 'm not going to keep her out past 7 p.m. . When the bar starts filling up , that 's when we head home , " he said . "  It 's responsible parenting and responsible adult behavior . I 'm not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around . "	Debate began when bar banned strollers ; policy overturned after outcry , blogger says
CNN  -- From time to time , Sasha Raven Gross can be seen teetering around a neighborhood drinking hole . She flirts with strangers , talks gibberish and sometimes spins in circles for no apparent reason until she falls down . In one hand is her liquid of choice -- watered-down orange juice in a sippy cup . The 14-month-old toddler is the sort of barfly who 's at the center of a recurring and heated debate : Should parents be allowed to bring their babies and children to bars ? It is a question in Brooklyn , New York , that 's fired up online arguments , prompted unofficial protests and made outsiders giggle . And while the issue may not be exclusive to that area , it 's the stuff disputes are made of in what Sasha 's dad , Matt Gross , calls the kid-heavy "  greater stroller zone " of Park Slope and its surrounding neighborhoods . Single hipsters and others without  and sometimes with  kids complain about being asked to watch their language , to not smoke outdoors near strollers and to keep their drunk friends under control so as not to scare the little ones . They do n't want to feel pressure to play peekaboo . They want to cry over their beers , they say , without having an infant drown them out . If anyone is spitting up , they want it to be them . "  I will get up on the subway for kids . I will be tolerant of them kicking the back of my seat while seeing a G-rated movie . But let me have my bars , " said Julieanne Smolinski , 26 , who feels guilty sucking down suds in front of staring 5-year-olds . The adults who bring their offspring to bars , she suggests , are "  clinging to their youth . " Parents , on the other hand , say that as long as they 're responsible and their kids behave , they deserve the right to grab a quick drink with friends . And , they might add , in a place like New York -- where the cost of baby sitters can be prohibitive and tight living quarters can make hosting guests at home difficult -- they need places to hang out , too . "  As a stay-at-home dad , it can be kind of isolating . Bars , as much as they 're places to drink , they 're places to socialize and meet people , " said Gross , 35 , a freelance writer , an editor for the blog DadWagon and the columnist behind the Frugal Traveler in The New York Times . "  I long for adult contact . ... I do n't want to be excluded from the adult world . " But the divide remains wide in the blogosphere . Around 150 readers weighed in recently when someone posted on the Brooklynian , a neighborhood blog , the simple query : "  Which bars are child free ? " One writer shared the tale of a drunk father standing at a bar while his beer sloshed on his stroller-strapped kid 's face . Another poster announced a bar crawl in which "  no crawlers " would be allowed . The public debate about babies in bars ignited about two years ago when the bar Union Hall , a popular stomping ground , banned strollers from the premises , Gross said . "  At a certain point , owners said , ` Hey , enough , ' " he explained . "  Strollers take up a lot of room , especially the nice strollers . Your average Bugaboo is a beast . " This ban on buggies in a neighborhood where "  kids rule " caused an "  uproar , " said Erica Reitman , the 36-year-old married -- but not a "  breeder , " she insists -- marketing director who is behind the blog F **** ed in Park Slope . "  There was n't a march on the street , but there could have been . -LSB- Union Hall -RSB- relented under pressure and got rid of the policy . " The owner of Union Hall would not talk to CNN , but an unnamed bartender -- who mentioned the bar had been issued tickets by the fire department at one point because strollers blocked exits -- confirmed that there is no such policy in place . In a part of the city where Greg Curley says he sees "  a sense of entitlement on both sides , " and where people do n't hold back their opinions -- "  This is Brooklyn , " he said -- he and his partners at The Double Windsor instituted a no-kids-after-5 p.m. rule . "  We 're a neighborhood gathering place , not a hard-drinking bar , and we 're not jerks about it " said Curley , a co-owner and the general manager . "  But the overwhelming clientele that spends quite a lot of money here ca n't deal with babies . " Rules like this , simple compromises , do n't bother Gross as they might other parents . He 's not interested in taking Sasha out till all hours of the night anyway . But when he gets a little stir-crazy in their apartment , he likes to head out to grab a stout with his little girl . He 's not taking her to punk dive bars where the music is loud , fights break out and patrons make out or pass out . They gravitate to mellow hangouts , and only in the late afternoon or early evening . "  I 'm not going to keep her out past 7 p.m. . When the bar starts filling up , that 's when we head home , " he said . "  It 's responsible parenting and responsible adult behavior . I 'm not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around . "	Dad says he 's "  not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. troops routinely face the threat of roadside bombs while fighting insurgencies in Afghanistan . They need the most protective clothing the market can bear , and they 're getting it -- for now . North Carolina State University College of Textiles tests the flammability of different materials at this facility . Back home , a battle is brewing in Congress over the next lucrative contract for military uniforms . The issue boils down to the raw fiber used in their construction . Current uniforms are made in the United States , in Georgia , using a fabric called Defender M made by the TenCate company . It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties . But the fabric is made with a type of rayon imported from Austria , which normally would violate the military 's buy-American requirement . This specific rayon can not be produced in the United States for environmental reasons , so Congress passed an amendment allowing it to be temporarily imported . The extension expires , or "  sunsets , " in 2013 , but that year 's defense budget is being determined now . The idea of the sunset is to give U.S. manufacturers time to come up with a comparable product . At stake : a defense contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars . American competitors have submitted alternatives , but after independent testing at North Carolina State University College of Textiles , the Defense Department concluded that TenCate 's Defender M -- with its foreign-made fibers -- is the most flame-resistant . Dr. Roger Barker , who specializes in clothing flammability at the College of Textiles , conducted a demonstration for CNN . Based on his testing , the Army says Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics . "  What the new heat-resistant materials are able to do is add seconds of protection , so that seconds of protection can be the difference between a severe burn or a survival burn , " Barker said . "  Life and death , " echoes Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , regarding those extra seconds of fire protection . He asked the Senate to extend the waiver . "  So long as it 's the best available in the world to protect our soldiers , we absolutely ought to maximize the use , " Isakson told CNN . "  There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it , " Isakson said on the Senate floor . "  Obviously if there were , then that waiver would go away . " The U.S. Army 's uniform procurer says soldiers prefer TenCate 's product . "  They have consistently exceeded our expectations . This has proven to be a valuable fabric and well-received by our soldiers , " Jeff Myhre told CNN . In a letter to CNN , a top military official said the ability to procure the foreign rayon "  a valuable authority . " "  Our periodic review of rayon requirements within the Military Services and testing of alternative items that are available domestically continue to support the determination that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of rayon yarn conforming to the domestic source requirements can not be procured as needed , " wrote Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology & logistics . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , opposed Isakson 's amendment , debating on the Senate floor that it "  permanently extends this waiver and will end all efforts to produce a domestic material to make military uniforms . " Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , agrees with Graham that U.S. companies wo n't have an incentive to invest in research and development . He says the exception was supposed to be temporary , and "  favors foreign suppliers of rayon over our own American companies . " He argued on the Senate floor that in due time , U.S. companies would be able to demonstrate an ability to manufacture materials that meet Army requirements . He 's also worried about jobs . "  Some companies , like DuPont , for example , have already lost hundreds of jobs owing to their inability to compete for Army contracts , " he said . The Senate voted , and the nays had it . No extension , no more imports of this fabric as of 2013 . What next ? The House of Representatives is expected to take up the bill when members return from the August recess . Isakson is confident his argument will prevail . "  Facts are stubborn things . I think when the facts get out they 'll understand it 's the right thing to do . Our armed forces want it and it 's the best thing for our soldiers , " he said . Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Uniforms made in Georgia by TenCate company , using a fabric called Defender M
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. troops routinely face the threat of roadside bombs while fighting insurgencies in Afghanistan . They need the most protective clothing the market can bear , and they 're getting it -- for now . North Carolina State University College of Textiles tests the flammability of different materials at this facility . Back home , a battle is brewing in Congress over the next lucrative contract for military uniforms . The issue boils down to the raw fiber used in their construction . Current uniforms are made in the United States , in Georgia , using a fabric called Defender M made by the TenCate company . It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties . But the fabric is made with a type of rayon imported from Austria , which normally would violate the military 's buy-American requirement . This specific rayon can not be produced in the United States for environmental reasons , so Congress passed an amendment allowing it to be temporarily imported . The extension expires , or "  sunsets , " in 2013 , but that year 's defense budget is being determined now . The idea of the sunset is to give U.S. manufacturers time to come up with a comparable product . At stake : a defense contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars . American competitors have submitted alternatives , but after independent testing at North Carolina State University College of Textiles , the Defense Department concluded that TenCate 's Defender M -- with its foreign-made fibers -- is the most flame-resistant . Dr. Roger Barker , who specializes in clothing flammability at the College of Textiles , conducted a demonstration for CNN . Based on his testing , the Army says Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics . "  What the new heat-resistant materials are able to do is add seconds of protection , so that seconds of protection can be the difference between a severe burn or a survival burn , " Barker said . "  Life and death , " echoes Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , regarding those extra seconds of fire protection . He asked the Senate to extend the waiver . "  So long as it 's the best available in the world to protect our soldiers , we absolutely ought to maximize the use , " Isakson told CNN . "  There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it , " Isakson said on the Senate floor . "  Obviously if there were , then that waiver would go away . " The U.S. Army 's uniform procurer says soldiers prefer TenCate 's product . "  They have consistently exceeded our expectations . This has proven to be a valuable fabric and well-received by our soldiers , " Jeff Myhre told CNN . In a letter to CNN , a top military official said the ability to procure the foreign rayon "  a valuable authority . " "  Our periodic review of rayon requirements within the Military Services and testing of alternative items that are available domestically continue to support the determination that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of rayon yarn conforming to the domestic source requirements can not be procured as needed , " wrote Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology & logistics . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , opposed Isakson 's amendment , debating on the Senate floor that it "  permanently extends this waiver and will end all efforts to produce a domestic material to make military uniforms . " Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , agrees with Graham that U.S. companies wo n't have an incentive to invest in research and development . He says the exception was supposed to be temporary , and "  favors foreign suppliers of rayon over our own American companies . " He argued on the Senate floor that in due time , U.S. companies would be able to demonstrate an ability to manufacture materials that meet Army requirements . He 's also worried about jobs . "  Some companies , like DuPont , for example , have already lost hundreds of jobs owing to their inability to compete for Army contracts , " he said . The Senate voted , and the nays had it . No extension , no more imports of this fabric as of 2013 . What next ? The House of Representatives is expected to take up the bill when members return from the August recess . Isakson is confident his argument will prevail . "  Facts are stubborn things . I think when the facts get out they 'll understand it 's the right thing to do . Our armed forces want it and it 's the best thing for our soldiers , " he said . Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. troops routinely face the threat of roadside bombs while fighting insurgencies in Afghanistan . They need the most protective clothing the market can bear , and they 're getting it -- for now . North Carolina State University College of Textiles tests the flammability of different materials at this facility . Back home , a battle is brewing in Congress over the next lucrative contract for military uniforms . The issue boils down to the raw fiber used in their construction . Current uniforms are made in the United States , in Georgia , using a fabric called Defender M made by the TenCate company . It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties . But the fabric is made with a type of rayon imported from Austria , which normally would violate the military 's buy-American requirement . This specific rayon can not be produced in the United States for environmental reasons , so Congress passed an amendment allowing it to be temporarily imported . The extension expires , or "  sunsets , " in 2013 , but that year 's defense budget is being determined now . The idea of the sunset is to give U.S. manufacturers time to come up with a comparable product . At stake : a defense contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars . American competitors have submitted alternatives , but after independent testing at North Carolina State University College of Textiles , the Defense Department concluded that TenCate 's Defender M -- with its foreign-made fibers -- is the most flame-resistant . Dr. Roger Barker , who specializes in clothing flammability at the College of Textiles , conducted a demonstration for CNN . Based on his testing , the Army says Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics . "  What the new heat-resistant materials are able to do is add seconds of protection , so that seconds of protection can be the difference between a severe burn or a survival burn , " Barker said . "  Life and death , " echoes Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , regarding those extra seconds of fire protection . He asked the Senate to extend the waiver . "  So long as it 's the best available in the world to protect our soldiers , we absolutely ought to maximize the use , " Isakson told CNN . "  There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it , " Isakson said on the Senate floor . "  Obviously if there were , then that waiver would go away . " The U.S. Army 's uniform procurer says soldiers prefer TenCate 's product . "  They have consistently exceeded our expectations . This has proven to be a valuable fabric and well-received by our soldiers , " Jeff Myhre told CNN . In a letter to CNN , a top military official said the ability to procure the foreign rayon "  a valuable authority . " "  Our periodic review of rayon requirements within the Military Services and testing of alternative items that are available domestically continue to support the determination that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of rayon yarn conforming to the domestic source requirements can not be procured as needed , " wrote Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology & logistics . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , opposed Isakson 's amendment , debating on the Senate floor that it "  permanently extends this waiver and will end all efforts to produce a domestic material to make military uniforms . " Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , agrees with Graham that U.S. companies wo n't have an incentive to invest in research and development . He says the exception was supposed to be temporary , and "  favors foreign suppliers of rayon over our own American companies . " He argued on the Senate floor that in due time , U.S. companies would be able to demonstrate an ability to manufacture materials that meet Army requirements . He 's also worried about jobs . "  Some companies , like DuPont , for example , have already lost hundreds of jobs owing to their inability to compete for Army contracts , " he said . The Senate voted , and the nays had it . No extension , no more imports of this fabric as of 2013 . What next ? The House of Representatives is expected to take up the bill when members return from the August recess . Isakson is confident his argument will prevail . "  Facts are stubborn things . I think when the facts get out they 'll understand it 's the right thing to do . Our armed forces want it and it 's the best thing for our soldiers , " he said . Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Fabric uses rayon from Austria , which normally violates buy-American requirement
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. troops routinely face the threat of roadside bombs while fighting insurgencies in Afghanistan . They need the most protective clothing the market can bear , and they 're getting it -- for now . North Carolina State University College of Textiles tests the flammability of different materials at this facility . Back home , a battle is brewing in Congress over the next lucrative contract for military uniforms . The issue boils down to the raw fiber used in their construction . Current uniforms are made in the United States , in Georgia , using a fabric called Defender M made by the TenCate company . It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties . But the fabric is made with a type of rayon imported from Austria , which normally would violate the military 's buy-American requirement . This specific rayon can not be produced in the United States for environmental reasons , so Congress passed an amendment allowing it to be temporarily imported . The extension expires , or "  sunsets , " in 2013 , but that year 's defense budget is being determined now . The idea of the sunset is to give U.S. manufacturers time to come up with a comparable product . At stake : a defense contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars . American competitors have submitted alternatives , but after independent testing at North Carolina State University College of Textiles , the Defense Department concluded that TenCate 's Defender M -- with its foreign-made fibers -- is the most flame-resistant . Dr. Roger Barker , who specializes in clothing flammability at the College of Textiles , conducted a demonstration for CNN . Based on his testing , the Army says Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics . "  What the new heat-resistant materials are able to do is add seconds of protection , so that seconds of protection can be the difference between a severe burn or a survival burn , " Barker said . "  Life and death , " echoes Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , regarding those extra seconds of fire protection . He asked the Senate to extend the waiver . "  So long as it 's the best available in the world to protect our soldiers , we absolutely ought to maximize the use , " Isakson told CNN . "  There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it , " Isakson said on the Senate floor . "  Obviously if there were , then that waiver would go away . " The U.S. Army 's uniform procurer says soldiers prefer TenCate 's product . "  They have consistently exceeded our expectations . This has proven to be a valuable fabric and well-received by our soldiers , " Jeff Myhre told CNN . In a letter to CNN , a top military official said the ability to procure the foreign rayon "  a valuable authority . " "  Our periodic review of rayon requirements within the Military Services and testing of alternative items that are available domestically continue to support the determination that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of rayon yarn conforming to the domestic source requirements can not be procured as needed , " wrote Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology & logistics . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , opposed Isakson 's amendment , debating on the Senate floor that it "  permanently extends this waiver and will end all efforts to produce a domestic material to make military uniforms . " Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , agrees with Graham that U.S. companies wo n't have an incentive to invest in research and development . He says the exception was supposed to be temporary , and "  favors foreign suppliers of rayon over our own American companies . " He argued on the Senate floor that in due time , U.S. companies would be able to demonstrate an ability to manufacture materials that meet Army requirements . He 's also worried about jobs . "  Some companies , like DuPont , for example , have already lost hundreds of jobs owing to their inability to compete for Army contracts , " he said . The Senate voted , and the nays had it . No extension , no more imports of this fabric as of 2013 . What next ? The House of Representatives is expected to take up the bill when members return from the August recess . Isakson is confident his argument will prevail . "  Facts are stubborn things . I think when the facts get out they 'll understand it 's the right thing to do . Our armed forces want it and it 's the best thing for our soldiers , " he said . Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Amendment at issue would continue to allow special rayon to be imported
CNN  -- Let me just start by saying this : Redemption , political or otherwise , is a good thing . And by and large , voters are amenable to proffering forgiveness -- especially when they believe the candidate is making a good-faith effort to reform , atone and emerge as a chastened and wiser person . And so it was with Anthony Weiner , the erstwhile sexter who left Congress in disgrace two years ago to work on his problem , his life and his marriage . At least that 's what we thought he was doing , until we learned this week that -- one full year after he resigned from Congress -- he was still sending explicit text messages to a young woman . Maybe there are more . New Yorkers react to Weiner 's scandal We do n't know the full story , and honestly , it 's hard to say whether we ever will , or how much we should care . But here is what we do know , and this does matter : That Weiner is running for mayor of New York , and that in preparing us for his candidacy in April , he cleverly alluded to the fact that there were more texts with other women . "  I did it , with more than one person , " he said . "  It was wrong . I was doing it for some time , and I 'm glad it 's behind me . " What we did n't know was it was n't that far behind him . In Weiner 's efforts to inoculate himself against further women coming out , he left the timing of his inappropriate behavior vague . He knew that most of us would assume that , once he resigned from Congress in disgrace , he was fully involved in recovery , trying to regain his identity . An Anthony Weiner timeline Instead , he was masquerading as Carlos Danger . And he was trolling as this bon vivant at least a full year after he left office . So while he has been making the case that his family 's love , support -- and therapy -- has gotten him to a good place , he kind of forgot to tell us one key fact : His sexual misconduct did not end with his resignation from office . Silly us for assuming that ? Or silly us for allowing him to let us believe that ? All of which begs the question : Why believe him now ? Enter Huma Abedin , his smart , savvy , politically connected  especially to the Clintons  wife . It was breathtaking to see her Tuesday next to Weiner . Not only standing beside him as The Good Wife but also speaking directly to voters . "  I have forgiven him , " she told us . "  I believe in him . " Indeed , she said , the decision to keep the marriage together "  took a lot of work " and "  a whole lot of therapy . " Opinion : Why does Abedin put up with Weiner ? I am sure it did , and we should respect her decision -- both to stand by her man and to speak . But here 's one question : Is running for mayor a required part of couples therapy ? This should be a private matter . But once Weiner threw his hat in the ring , asking for redemption , it became a lot less private . The couple participated in a very orchestrated PR rollout -- with interviews in The New York Times Magazine and People magazine , discussing their personally difficult journey . And we seem to be on it with them , like it or not . Weiner 's problem is not just about his personal compulsions . It 's also about his inability to tell the complete truth to the people he is asking to redeem and forgive him . When he was first caught in the sexting scandal , it took him what seemed like forever to fess up -- after lying , and saying he had been hacked . And now , while hinting last spring there were other women , he never actually said his sexting did not stop when he left Congress . He says it 's behind him now . Thanks for that . Eliot Spitzer , who is trying to manage his own political redemption as he runs for New York City comptroller , was no doubt thrilled to be asked about Weiner . He deflected the question , as if to implyâ $ " as others haveâ $ " that it 's a personal matter , between Weiner and his wife . Sad to say , it no longer is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : When Weiner left Congress , we assumed he would deal with problems
CNN  -- Let me just start by saying this : Redemption , political or otherwise , is a good thing . And by and large , voters are amenable to proffering forgiveness -- especially when they believe the candidate is making a good-faith effort to reform , atone and emerge as a chastened and wiser person . And so it was with Anthony Weiner , the erstwhile sexter who left Congress in disgrace two years ago to work on his problem , his life and his marriage . At least that 's what we thought he was doing , until we learned this week that -- one full year after he resigned from Congress -- he was still sending explicit text messages to a young woman . Maybe there are more . New Yorkers react to Weiner 's scandal We do n't know the full story , and honestly , it 's hard to say whether we ever will , or how much we should care . But here is what we do know , and this does matter : That Weiner is running for mayor of New York , and that in preparing us for his candidacy in April , he cleverly alluded to the fact that there were more texts with other women . "  I did it , with more than one person , " he said . "  It was wrong . I was doing it for some time , and I 'm glad it 's behind me . " What we did n't know was it was n't that far behind him . In Weiner 's efforts to inoculate himself against further women coming out , he left the timing of his inappropriate behavior vague . He knew that most of us would assume that , once he resigned from Congress in disgrace , he was fully involved in recovery , trying to regain his identity . An Anthony Weiner timeline Instead , he was masquerading as Carlos Danger . And he was trolling as this bon vivant at least a full year after he left office . So while he has been making the case that his family 's love , support -- and therapy -- has gotten him to a good place , he kind of forgot to tell us one key fact : His sexual misconduct did not end with his resignation from office . Silly us for assuming that ? Or silly us for allowing him to let us believe that ? All of which begs the question : Why believe him now ? Enter Huma Abedin , his smart , savvy , politically connected  especially to the Clintons  wife . It was breathtaking to see her Tuesday next to Weiner . Not only standing beside him as The Good Wife but also speaking directly to voters . "  I have forgiven him , " she told us . "  I believe in him . " Indeed , she said , the decision to keep the marriage together "  took a lot of work " and "  a whole lot of therapy . " Opinion : Why does Abedin put up with Weiner ? I am sure it did , and we should respect her decision -- both to stand by her man and to speak . But here 's one question : Is running for mayor a required part of couples therapy ? This should be a private matter . But once Weiner threw his hat in the ring , asking for redemption , it became a lot less private . The couple participated in a very orchestrated PR rollout -- with interviews in The New York Times Magazine and People magazine , discussing their personally difficult journey . And we seem to be on it with them , like it or not . Weiner 's problem is not just about his personal compulsions . It 's also about his inability to tell the complete truth to the people he is asking to redeem and forgive him . When he was first caught in the sexting scandal , it took him what seemed like forever to fess up -- after lying , and saying he had been hacked . And now , while hinting last spring there were other women , he never actually said his sexting did not stop when he left Congress . He says it 's behind him now . Thanks for that . Eliot Spitzer , who is trying to manage his own political redemption as he runs for New York City comptroller , was no doubt thrilled to be asked about Weiner . He deflected the question , as if to implyâ $ " as others haveâ $ " that it 's a personal matter , between Weiner and his wife . Sad to say , it no longer is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Instead , he posed as Carlos Danger , risking further personal , political problems , she says
CNN  -- Let me just start by saying this : Redemption , political or otherwise , is a good thing . And by and large , voters are amenable to proffering forgiveness -- especially when they believe the candidate is making a good-faith effort to reform , atone and emerge as a chastened and wiser person . And so it was with Anthony Weiner , the erstwhile sexter who left Congress in disgrace two years ago to work on his problem , his life and his marriage . At least that 's what we thought he was doing , until we learned this week that -- one full year after he resigned from Congress -- he was still sending explicit text messages to a young woman . Maybe there are more . New Yorkers react to Weiner 's scandal We do n't know the full story , and honestly , it 's hard to say whether we ever will , or how much we should care . But here is what we do know , and this does matter : That Weiner is running for mayor of New York , and that in preparing us for his candidacy in April , he cleverly alluded to the fact that there were more texts with other women . "  I did it , with more than one person , " he said . "  It was wrong . I was doing it for some time , and I 'm glad it 's behind me . " What we did n't know was it was n't that far behind him . In Weiner 's efforts to inoculate himself against further women coming out , he left the timing of his inappropriate behavior vague . He knew that most of us would assume that , once he resigned from Congress in disgrace , he was fully involved in recovery , trying to regain his identity . An Anthony Weiner timeline Instead , he was masquerading as Carlos Danger . And he was trolling as this bon vivant at least a full year after he left office . So while he has been making the case that his family 's love , support -- and therapy -- has gotten him to a good place , he kind of forgot to tell us one key fact : His sexual misconduct did not end with his resignation from office . Silly us for assuming that ? Or silly us for allowing him to let us believe that ? All of which begs the question : Why believe him now ? Enter Huma Abedin , his smart , savvy , politically connected  especially to the Clintons  wife . It was breathtaking to see her Tuesday next to Weiner . Not only standing beside him as The Good Wife but also speaking directly to voters . "  I have forgiven him , " she told us . "  I believe in him . " Indeed , she said , the decision to keep the marriage together "  took a lot of work " and "  a whole lot of therapy . " Opinion : Why does Abedin put up with Weiner ? I am sure it did , and we should respect her decision -- both to stand by her man and to speak . But here 's one question : Is running for mayor a required part of couples therapy ? This should be a private matter . But once Weiner threw his hat in the ring , asking for redemption , it became a lot less private . The couple participated in a very orchestrated PR rollout -- with interviews in The New York Times Magazine and People magazine , discussing their personally difficult journey . And we seem to be on it with them , like it or not . Weiner 's problem is not just about his personal compulsions . It 's also about his inability to tell the complete truth to the people he is asking to redeem and forgive him . When he was first caught in the sexting scandal , it took him what seemed like forever to fess up -- after lying , and saying he had been hacked . And now , while hinting last spring there were other women , he never actually said his sexting did not stop when he left Congress . He says it 's behind him now . Thanks for that . Eliot Spitzer , who is trying to manage his own political redemption as he runs for New York City comptroller , was no doubt thrilled to be asked about Weiner . He deflected the question , as if to implyâ $ " as others haveâ $ " that it 's a personal matter , between Weiner and his wife . Sad to say , it no longer is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Borger says it 's more than a private matter since he 's running for New York mayor
CNN  -- Let me just start by saying this : Redemption , political or otherwise , is a good thing . And by and large , voters are amenable to proffering forgiveness -- especially when they believe the candidate is making a good-faith effort to reform , atone and emerge as a chastened and wiser person . And so it was with Anthony Weiner , the erstwhile sexter who left Congress in disgrace two years ago to work on his problem , his life and his marriage . At least that 's what we thought he was doing , until we learned this week that -- one full year after he resigned from Congress -- he was still sending explicit text messages to a young woman . Maybe there are more . New Yorkers react to Weiner 's scandal We do n't know the full story , and honestly , it 's hard to say whether we ever will , or how much we should care . But here is what we do know , and this does matter : That Weiner is running for mayor of New York , and that in preparing us for his candidacy in April , he cleverly alluded to the fact that there were more texts with other women . "  I did it , with more than one person , " he said . "  It was wrong . I was doing it for some time , and I 'm glad it 's behind me . " What we did n't know was it was n't that far behind him . In Weiner 's efforts to inoculate himself against further women coming out , he left the timing of his inappropriate behavior vague . He knew that most of us would assume that , once he resigned from Congress in disgrace , he was fully involved in recovery , trying to regain his identity . An Anthony Weiner timeline Instead , he was masquerading as Carlos Danger . And he was trolling as this bon vivant at least a full year after he left office . So while he has been making the case that his family 's love , support -- and therapy -- has gotten him to a good place , he kind of forgot to tell us one key fact : His sexual misconduct did not end with his resignation from office . Silly us for assuming that ? Or silly us for allowing him to let us believe that ? All of which begs the question : Why believe him now ? Enter Huma Abedin , his smart , savvy , politically connected  especially to the Clintons  wife . It was breathtaking to see her Tuesday next to Weiner . Not only standing beside him as The Good Wife but also speaking directly to voters . "  I have forgiven him , " she told us . "  I believe in him . " Indeed , she said , the decision to keep the marriage together "  took a lot of work " and "  a whole lot of therapy . " Opinion : Why does Abedin put up with Weiner ? I am sure it did , and we should respect her decision -- both to stand by her man and to speak . But here 's one question : Is running for mayor a required part of couples therapy ? This should be a private matter . But once Weiner threw his hat in the ring , asking for redemption , it became a lot less private . The couple participated in a very orchestrated PR rollout -- with interviews in The New York Times Magazine and People magazine , discussing their personally difficult journey . And we seem to be on it with them , like it or not . Weiner 's problem is not just about his personal compulsions . It 's also about his inability to tell the complete truth to the people he is asking to redeem and forgive him . When he was first caught in the sexting scandal , it took him what seemed like forever to fess up -- after lying , and saying he had been hacked . And now , while hinting last spring there were other women , he never actually said his sexting did not stop when he left Congress . He says it 's behind him now . Thanks for that . Eliot Spitzer , who is trying to manage his own political redemption as he runs for New York City comptroller , was no doubt thrilled to be asked about Weiner . He deflected the question , as if to implyâ $ " as others haveâ $ " that it 's a personal matter , between Weiner and his wife . Sad to say , it no longer is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	She says Weiner is unable to tell the complete truth to those who deserve it
Washington  CNN  -- Small portable sleep tents for infants and small children may pose a safety hazard , prompting the Consumer Product Safety Commission and KidCo Inc. to issue a voluntary recall of more than 220,000 PeaPod and PeaPod Plus Travel Beds . The safety commission said babies can potentially roll off the edge of the inflatable air mattress and become trapped between the mattress and the fabric sides of the tent and suffocate . The recall was prompted in part after a report that a 5-month-old boy in New York was found dead last year with his face pressed against the side wall of the tent . The cause of death was not determined , according to the safety commission . There are nine other reports in the United States and Canada of children who became trapped or were found crying underneath the mattress . The travel tents were made in China and sold at independent juvenile specialty stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from January 2005 until now for between $ 70 and $ 100 . The safety commission said the tents have a zippered side and an inflatable air mattress that fits into a zippered pocket underneath the floor of the tent . The tents fold into a round shape and come with a fabric bag for storage and transport . Consumers are being warned to stop using the tents , which come in a variety of colors and models , and contact the Libertyville , Illinois-based company to get a free repair kit . Click here to see the recalled product .	220,000 PeaPod and PeaPod Plus Travel Beds subject to voluntary recall
Washington  CNN  -- Small portable sleep tents for infants and small children may pose a safety hazard , prompting the Consumer Product Safety Commission and KidCo Inc. to issue a voluntary recall of more than 220,000 PeaPod and PeaPod Plus Travel Beds . The safety commission said babies can potentially roll off the edge of the inflatable air mattress and become trapped between the mattress and the fabric sides of the tent and suffocate . The recall was prompted in part after a report that a 5-month-old boy in New York was found dead last year with his face pressed against the side wall of the tent . The cause of death was not determined , according to the safety commission . There are nine other reports in the United States and Canada of children who became trapped or were found crying underneath the mattress . The travel tents were made in China and sold at independent juvenile specialty stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from January 2005 until now for between $ 70 and $ 100 . The safety commission said the tents have a zippered side and an inflatable air mattress that fits into a zippered pocket underneath the floor of the tent . The tents fold into a round shape and come with a fabric bag for storage and transport . Consumers are being warned to stop using the tents , which come in a variety of colors and models , and contact the Libertyville , Illinois-based company to get a free repair kit . Click here to see the recalled product .	A child was found dead with his face pressed against the wall of the tent
Washington  CNN  -- Small portable sleep tents for infants and small children may pose a safety hazard , prompting the Consumer Product Safety Commission and KidCo Inc. to issue a voluntary recall of more than 220,000 PeaPod and PeaPod Plus Travel Beds . The safety commission said babies can potentially roll off the edge of the inflatable air mattress and become trapped between the mattress and the fabric sides of the tent and suffocate . The recall was prompted in part after a report that a 5-month-old boy in New York was found dead last year with his face pressed against the side wall of the tent . The cause of death was not determined , according to the safety commission . There are nine other reports in the United States and Canada of children who became trapped or were found crying underneath the mattress . The travel tents were made in China and sold at independent juvenile specialty stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from January 2005 until now for between $ 70 and $ 100 . The safety commission said the tents have a zippered side and an inflatable air mattress that fits into a zippered pocket underneath the floor of the tent . The tents fold into a round shape and come with a fabric bag for storage and transport . Consumers are being warned to stop using the tents , which come in a variety of colors and models , and contact the Libertyville , Illinois-based company to get a free repair kit . Click here to see the recalled product .	There are other reports of chldren who had problems with tent 's mattress
Hong Kong  CNN  The most powerful storm of the year has Japan in its sights . Hot on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which lashed Japan with rain and high winds last week , Vongfong , which has intensified in recent days to become the strongest tropical cyclone of 2014 so far , looks poised to buffet the country in the coming days . Typhoon Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan , which had winds of 315 km/h  195 mph  which devastated parts of the Philippines , leaving over 6,000 dead and more than 1,800 missing . Track the typhoon Currently over open water , the storm , which is classed as a Super Typhoon , is heading north towards the Japanese island prefecture of Okinawa , according to the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center  JTWC  . The Center has recorded sustained winds of 155 knots  178 mph  and gusts up to 190 knots  219 mph  , with wave height reaching 50 feet . It is expected to intensify to 305 km/h  190 mph  in the coming hours . Sustained winds of over 150 mph classify a tropical storm as a super typhoon . Vongfong is the sixth Pacific storm to be so designated this so far in 2014 , but is the strongest this year . It is traveling west-northwest at a speed of 8 knots  9 mph  , the Japan Meterological Agency said . The agency has classed the storm as "  violent . " Before veering northwards , the storm passed by the Pacific island of Guam , depositing heavy rain and causing minor damage . If it stays on course towards Japan , it is expected to lose intensity before making landfall on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu . It could , says CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , still be a category three equivalent on the U.S. scale . This year has seen a lower-than-average number of named storms and typhoons , but double the yearly average of Super Typhoons - six in total so far . The previous severe weather alert , generated by Phanfone , caused more than 1.2 million people to be evacuated to shelters , disrupted air and rail travel as well as the search and rescue efforts for missing hikers on Mount Ontake . Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday .	Strongest typhoon of 2014 headed towards Japan
Hong Kong  CNN  The most powerful storm of the year has Japan in its sights . Hot on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which lashed Japan with rain and high winds last week , Vongfong , which has intensified in recent days to become the strongest tropical cyclone of 2014 so far , looks poised to buffet the country in the coming days . Typhoon Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan , which had winds of 315 km/h  195 mph  which devastated parts of the Philippines , leaving over 6,000 dead and more than 1,800 missing . Track the typhoon Currently over open water , the storm , which is classed as a Super Typhoon , is heading north towards the Japanese island prefecture of Okinawa , according to the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center  JTWC  . The Center has recorded sustained winds of 155 knots  178 mph  and gusts up to 190 knots  219 mph  , with wave height reaching 50 feet . It is expected to intensify to 305 km/h  190 mph  in the coming hours . Sustained winds of over 150 mph classify a tropical storm as a super typhoon . Vongfong is the sixth Pacific storm to be so designated this so far in 2014 , but is the strongest this year . It is traveling west-northwest at a speed of 8 knots  9 mph  , the Japan Meterological Agency said . The agency has classed the storm as "  violent . " Before veering northwards , the storm passed by the Pacific island of Guam , depositing heavy rain and causing minor damage . If it stays on course towards Japan , it is expected to lose intensity before making landfall on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu . It could , says CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , still be a category three equivalent on the U.S. scale . This year has seen a lower-than-average number of named storms and typhoons , but double the yearly average of Super Typhoons - six in total so far . The previous severe weather alert , generated by Phanfone , caused more than 1.2 million people to be evacuated to shelters , disrupted air and rail travel as well as the search and rescue efforts for missing hikers on Mount Ontake . Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday .	Typhoon Vongfong follows Phanfone , which hit the country last week
Hong Kong  CNN  The most powerful storm of the year has Japan in its sights . Hot on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which lashed Japan with rain and high winds last week , Vongfong , which has intensified in recent days to become the strongest tropical cyclone of 2014 so far , looks poised to buffet the country in the coming days . Typhoon Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan , which had winds of 315 km/h  195 mph  which devastated parts of the Philippines , leaving over 6,000 dead and more than 1,800 missing . Track the typhoon Currently over open water , the storm , which is classed as a Super Typhoon , is heading north towards the Japanese island prefecture of Okinawa , according to the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center  JTWC  . The Center has recorded sustained winds of 155 knots  178 mph  and gusts up to 190 knots  219 mph  , with wave height reaching 50 feet . It is expected to intensify to 305 km/h  190 mph  in the coming hours . Sustained winds of over 150 mph classify a tropical storm as a super typhoon . Vongfong is the sixth Pacific storm to be so designated this so far in 2014 , but is the strongest this year . It is traveling west-northwest at a speed of 8 knots  9 mph  , the Japan Meterological Agency said . The agency has classed the storm as "  violent . " Before veering northwards , the storm passed by the Pacific island of Guam , depositing heavy rain and causing minor damage . If it stays on course towards Japan , it is expected to lose intensity before making landfall on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu . It could , says CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , still be a category three equivalent on the U.S. scale . This year has seen a lower-than-average number of named storms and typhoons , but double the yearly average of Super Typhoons - six in total so far . The previous severe weather alert , generated by Phanfone , caused more than 1.2 million people to be evacuated to shelters , disrupted air and rail travel as well as the search and rescue efforts for missing hikers on Mount Ontake . Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday .	Storm has sustained winds of 178 mph and gusts of up to 219 mph
Hong Kong  CNN  The most powerful storm of the year has Japan in its sights . Hot on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which lashed Japan with rain and high winds last week , Vongfong , which has intensified in recent days to become the strongest tropical cyclone of 2014 so far , looks poised to buffet the country in the coming days . Typhoon Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan , which had winds of 315 km/h  195 mph  which devastated parts of the Philippines , leaving over 6,000 dead and more than 1,800 missing . Track the typhoon Currently over open water , the storm , which is classed as a Super Typhoon , is heading north towards the Japanese island prefecture of Okinawa , according to the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center  JTWC  . The Center has recorded sustained winds of 155 knots  178 mph  and gusts up to 190 knots  219 mph  , with wave height reaching 50 feet . It is expected to intensify to 305 km/h  190 mph  in the coming hours . Sustained winds of over 150 mph classify a tropical storm as a super typhoon . Vongfong is the sixth Pacific storm to be so designated this so far in 2014 , but is the strongest this year . It is traveling west-northwest at a speed of 8 knots  9 mph  , the Japan Meterological Agency said . The agency has classed the storm as "  violent . " Before veering northwards , the storm passed by the Pacific island of Guam , depositing heavy rain and causing minor damage . If it stays on course towards Japan , it is expected to lose intensity before making landfall on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu . It could , says CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , still be a category three equivalent on the U.S. scale . This year has seen a lower-than-average number of named storms and typhoons , but double the yearly average of Super Typhoons - six in total so far . The previous severe weather alert , generated by Phanfone , caused more than 1.2 million people to be evacuated to shelters , disrupted air and rail travel as well as the search and rescue efforts for missing hikers on Mount Ontake . Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday .	If it carries on its current course , storm expected to lose intensity before making landfall
CNN  -- For a group of high-schoolers being framed for their friend 's murder , the characters on "  Pretty Little Liars " sure put a lot of thought into their outfits . It 's like costume designer Mandi Line says : Why be conservative about hemlines and heel heights on a show where a teacher is dating a student and a drunk girl ca n't remember if she dug up her friend 's dead body ? "  We always go down this whole list of things every time  the producers  call me out with , ` Those heels are a little high , ' " said Line , who has worked on the ABC Family series since its first season , which premiered in 2010 . Fall TV Fashion : ` Revenge ' Viewers only have to wait until October 23 for the show 's anticipated Halloween special . And Line says fashion lovers are in for a treat when the third season returns . Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game ; Hanna 's skirts are getting a little bit shorter ; Aria continues to push the envelope ; and a new , top-secret storyline influences Spencer 's wardrobe . But when you 're dealing with characters who routinely wind up with blood on their hands -- that 's literally and figuratively -- plucking looks off the runway is n't always an option . Just a few episodes ago , Hanna  Ashley Benson  was stabbed in the leg while wearing a pair of neon pink pants . Line said her team had to "  do a lot of driving " to find at least four identical pairs for multiple scenes and takes . The blood just would n't have shown up as well against blue jeans , she said . "  I try not to make it inconvenient for  my team  , " Line added , though she recently had to track down five of the same $ 150 shirt . Hanna gets a drink spilled on her while wearing it in an upcoming episode . Line said dressing main characters Emily , Spencer , Aria and Hanna like typical high school students would be boring , adding , you ca n't blame viewers for "  wanting to go to some sort of fantasyland . " "  One of the things that 's hilarious is that Mandi , she 'll pick such amazing costumes that they 're , at times , hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " said Troian Bellisario , who plays Spencer on the series . "  Our school outfits are outrageous . Sometimes we 're all standing together in the hallways , and we 'll look around at all of our background actors who look like normal high school students . And we kind of make a joke , like , no wonder nobody talks to us in this school because we literally look so out of place . " Never mind the disconnect between the main characters and the background actors , typically clad in pieces from Forever 21 and Wet Seal , Line said . The costume designer can hardly believe Aria , Hanna , Spencer and Emily are best friends given their distinctive styles : "  I always wonder why , fashionwise , they would even talk to each other . " Bellisario , whose character Spencer dresses the preppiest of the bunch , says , "  When you start out on a TV show ... the network really wants you to have a strict character style so that at any point in the show , your character is identifiable from the back side . ... It 's really important on a show with three brunettes . " But as the characters evolve , so do their styles . "  Spencer is  not that girl you were introduced to in the argyle sweater and the pearls in the pilot , " Line said . The one thing that has stuck with Spencer , however , is the skinny watch she always wears an inch or two above her wrist . "  At the beginning of every day , I get to walk in and somebody hands me my watch and that 's how I know it 's Spencer Time , " said Bellisario . It was her idea for Spencer to wear the timepiece in the first place . And that 's not the only way the actress ' style has influenced her character 's . "  I dislike color in general , especially pastels , " Bellisario said . "  I think the way  Line  always compromises with me is , I love knee socks , like thigh high socks , in everyday life . And tights . And so whenever she gives me something that I 'm not happy about on top , she 's like , ` Look , I 'll give you tights and boots . ' " Though , she said there is a bit of style envy when it comes to her costars . "  Whenever I walk into the costume fitting room , I 'll see something on a rack or on the floor and I 'll ooh and ahh over it , " she said . "  And immediately Mandi will say , ` No , that 's Aria 's . '  Actress  Lucy  Hale  definitely , definitely has the most fun in terms of style on the show . She gets the coolest clothes . " Line said she used to think that Aria , played by Hale , was the most fashionable of the girls , but now she just considers the character to have "  schizophrenia fashion . " "  One episode is stripes , there 's an episode where she 's a rockabilly . And then this one she looks like a flapper . Literally , she 's so inconsistent . ... The only thing that 's consistent is that she wears , like , 1,000 pounds of jewelry , " Line said . The character popped up in the summer finale wearing a metallic blue , pleated leather skirt from Topshop that Line modified . "  That 's not in . But it 's going to be , " she said . "  These kids do become  fashion icons  . " And Jessica Simpson knows it . Shortly after the singer/actress/designer tweeted in June about sending the show "  some @JSCollection goodies , " Line said she received a box with "  a crap load of stuff . " The costume designer acknowledges that many teens are likely not wearing Jeffrey Campbell wedges , Rag and Bone jeans or Vince sweaters to school , which is why she makes an effort "  to stay within some sort of a realistic price point . " " ` Gossip Girl ' put TV fashion on the map . You had ` Sex and the City ' and then you had ` Gossip Girl . ' But what 's really good about ` Pretty Little Liars ' is , 75 % of the items are attainable . ... You can save up for that Free People top . You can save up for that Rachel Roy dress , " she said . That 's part of the reason she said she loves featuring Rebecca Minkoff 's designs on the show . And Minkoff told CNN that the brand 's unofficial partnership with the series has certainly been beneficial . During the show 's second season , Minkoff said one of the characters referenced her red minibag by name . "  From there we noticed a definite uptick in sales , " she added . Minkoff said her fall offerings include "  a lot of embossed , faux python " handbags , "  great outerwear pieces " and a ton of "  rich burgundy and purple " -- so do n't be surprised to see such trends show up on "  Pretty Little Liars " this fall . Line said it did n't take her long to realize what the series was capable of , having heard from viewers who watch each episode twice : First for the plot points , and then again for the fashion . After all , it 's not surprising that Line says she has "  creative freedom " on set . Anyone who can glue craft pom poms on a brown maxiskirt from a rental house , pair it with a pink blouse and make it look fashion-forward deserves at least that much .	Mandi Line is the costume designer behind ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars "
CNN  -- For a group of high-schoolers being framed for their friend 's murder , the characters on "  Pretty Little Liars " sure put a lot of thought into their outfits . It 's like costume designer Mandi Line says : Why be conservative about hemlines and heel heights on a show where a teacher is dating a student and a drunk girl ca n't remember if she dug up her friend 's dead body ? "  We always go down this whole list of things every time  the producers  call me out with , ` Those heels are a little high , ' " said Line , who has worked on the ABC Family series since its first season , which premiered in 2010 . Fall TV Fashion : ` Revenge ' Viewers only have to wait until October 23 for the show 's anticipated Halloween special . And Line says fashion lovers are in for a treat when the third season returns . Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game ; Hanna 's skirts are getting a little bit shorter ; Aria continues to push the envelope ; and a new , top-secret storyline influences Spencer 's wardrobe . But when you 're dealing with characters who routinely wind up with blood on their hands -- that 's literally and figuratively -- plucking looks off the runway is n't always an option . Just a few episodes ago , Hanna  Ashley Benson  was stabbed in the leg while wearing a pair of neon pink pants . Line said her team had to "  do a lot of driving " to find at least four identical pairs for multiple scenes and takes . The blood just would n't have shown up as well against blue jeans , she said . "  I try not to make it inconvenient for  my team  , " Line added , though she recently had to track down five of the same $ 150 shirt . Hanna gets a drink spilled on her while wearing it in an upcoming episode . Line said dressing main characters Emily , Spencer , Aria and Hanna like typical high school students would be boring , adding , you ca n't blame viewers for "  wanting to go to some sort of fantasyland . " "  One of the things that 's hilarious is that Mandi , she 'll pick such amazing costumes that they 're , at times , hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " said Troian Bellisario , who plays Spencer on the series . "  Our school outfits are outrageous . Sometimes we 're all standing together in the hallways , and we 'll look around at all of our background actors who look like normal high school students . And we kind of make a joke , like , no wonder nobody talks to us in this school because we literally look so out of place . " Never mind the disconnect between the main characters and the background actors , typically clad in pieces from Forever 21 and Wet Seal , Line said . The costume designer can hardly believe Aria , Hanna , Spencer and Emily are best friends given their distinctive styles : "  I always wonder why , fashionwise , they would even talk to each other . " Bellisario , whose character Spencer dresses the preppiest of the bunch , says , "  When you start out on a TV show ... the network really wants you to have a strict character style so that at any point in the show , your character is identifiable from the back side . ... It 's really important on a show with three brunettes . " But as the characters evolve , so do their styles . "  Spencer is  not that girl you were introduced to in the argyle sweater and the pearls in the pilot , " Line said . The one thing that has stuck with Spencer , however , is the skinny watch she always wears an inch or two above her wrist . "  At the beginning of every day , I get to walk in and somebody hands me my watch and that 's how I know it 's Spencer Time , " said Bellisario . It was her idea for Spencer to wear the timepiece in the first place . And that 's not the only way the actress ' style has influenced her character 's . "  I dislike color in general , especially pastels , " Bellisario said . "  I think the way  Line  always compromises with me is , I love knee socks , like thigh high socks , in everyday life . And tights . And so whenever she gives me something that I 'm not happy about on top , she 's like , ` Look , I 'll give you tights and boots . ' " Though , she said there is a bit of style envy when it comes to her costars . "  Whenever I walk into the costume fitting room , I 'll see something on a rack or on the floor and I 'll ooh and ahh over it , " she said . "  And immediately Mandi will say , ` No , that 's Aria 's . '  Actress  Lucy  Hale  definitely , definitely has the most fun in terms of style on the show . She gets the coolest clothes . " Line said she used to think that Aria , played by Hale , was the most fashionable of the girls , but now she just considers the character to have "  schizophrenia fashion . " "  One episode is stripes , there 's an episode where she 's a rockabilly . And then this one she looks like a flapper . Literally , she 's so inconsistent . ... The only thing that 's consistent is that she wears , like , 1,000 pounds of jewelry , " Line said . The character popped up in the summer finale wearing a metallic blue , pleated leather skirt from Topshop that Line modified . "  That 's not in . But it 's going to be , " she said . "  These kids do become  fashion icons  . " And Jessica Simpson knows it . Shortly after the singer/actress/designer tweeted in June about sending the show "  some @JSCollection goodies , " Line said she received a box with "  a crap load of stuff . " The costume designer acknowledges that many teens are likely not wearing Jeffrey Campbell wedges , Rag and Bone jeans or Vince sweaters to school , which is why she makes an effort "  to stay within some sort of a realistic price point . " " ` Gossip Girl ' put TV fashion on the map . You had ` Sex and the City ' and then you had ` Gossip Girl . ' But what 's really good about ` Pretty Little Liars ' is , 75 % of the items are attainable . ... You can save up for that Free People top . You can save up for that Rachel Roy dress , " she said . That 's part of the reason she said she loves featuring Rebecca Minkoff 's designs on the show . And Minkoff told CNN that the brand 's unofficial partnership with the series has certainly been beneficial . During the show 's second season , Minkoff said one of the characters referenced her red minibag by name . "  From there we noticed a definite uptick in sales , " she added . Minkoff said her fall offerings include "  a lot of embossed , faux python " handbags , "  great outerwear pieces " and a ton of "  rich burgundy and purple " -- so do n't be surprised to see such trends show up on "  Pretty Little Liars " this fall . Line said it did n't take her long to realize what the series was capable of , having heard from viewers who watch each episode twice : First for the plot points , and then again for the fashion . After all , it 's not surprising that Line says she has "  creative freedom " on set . Anyone who can glue craft pom poms on a brown maxiskirt from a rental house , pair it with a pink blouse and make it look fashion-forward deserves at least that much .	A new , top-secret storyline will influence Spencer 's  Troian Bellisario  wardrobe , she says
CNN  -- For a group of high-schoolers being framed for their friend 's murder , the characters on "  Pretty Little Liars " sure put a lot of thought into their outfits . It 's like costume designer Mandi Line says : Why be conservative about hemlines and heel heights on a show where a teacher is dating a student and a drunk girl ca n't remember if she dug up her friend 's dead body ? "  We always go down this whole list of things every time  the producers  call me out with , ` Those heels are a little high , ' " said Line , who has worked on the ABC Family series since its first season , which premiered in 2010 . Fall TV Fashion : ` Revenge ' Viewers only have to wait until October 23 for the show 's anticipated Halloween special . And Line says fashion lovers are in for a treat when the third season returns . Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game ; Hanna 's skirts are getting a little bit shorter ; Aria continues to push the envelope ; and a new , top-secret storyline influences Spencer 's wardrobe . But when you 're dealing with characters who routinely wind up with blood on their hands -- that 's literally and figuratively -- plucking looks off the runway is n't always an option . Just a few episodes ago , Hanna  Ashley Benson  was stabbed in the leg while wearing a pair of neon pink pants . Line said her team had to "  do a lot of driving " to find at least four identical pairs for multiple scenes and takes . The blood just would n't have shown up as well against blue jeans , she said . "  I try not to make it inconvenient for  my team  , " Line added , though she recently had to track down five of the same $ 150 shirt . Hanna gets a drink spilled on her while wearing it in an upcoming episode . Line said dressing main characters Emily , Spencer , Aria and Hanna like typical high school students would be boring , adding , you ca n't blame viewers for "  wanting to go to some sort of fantasyland . " "  One of the things that 's hilarious is that Mandi , she 'll pick such amazing costumes that they 're , at times , hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " said Troian Bellisario , who plays Spencer on the series . "  Our school outfits are outrageous . Sometimes we 're all standing together in the hallways , and we 'll look around at all of our background actors who look like normal high school students . And we kind of make a joke , like , no wonder nobody talks to us in this school because we literally look so out of place . " Never mind the disconnect between the main characters and the background actors , typically clad in pieces from Forever 21 and Wet Seal , Line said . The costume designer can hardly believe Aria , Hanna , Spencer and Emily are best friends given their distinctive styles : "  I always wonder why , fashionwise , they would even talk to each other . " Bellisario , whose character Spencer dresses the preppiest of the bunch , says , "  When you start out on a TV show ... the network really wants you to have a strict character style so that at any point in the show , your character is identifiable from the back side . ... It 's really important on a show with three brunettes . " But as the characters evolve , so do their styles . "  Spencer is  not that girl you were introduced to in the argyle sweater and the pearls in the pilot , " Line said . The one thing that has stuck with Spencer , however , is the skinny watch she always wears an inch or two above her wrist . "  At the beginning of every day , I get to walk in and somebody hands me my watch and that 's how I know it 's Spencer Time , " said Bellisario . It was her idea for Spencer to wear the timepiece in the first place . And that 's not the only way the actress ' style has influenced her character 's . "  I dislike color in general , especially pastels , " Bellisario said . "  I think the way  Line  always compromises with me is , I love knee socks , like thigh high socks , in everyday life . And tights . And so whenever she gives me something that I 'm not happy about on top , she 's like , ` Look , I 'll give you tights and boots . ' " Though , she said there is a bit of style envy when it comes to her costars . "  Whenever I walk into the costume fitting room , I 'll see something on a rack or on the floor and I 'll ooh and ahh over it , " she said . "  And immediately Mandi will say , ` No , that 's Aria 's . '  Actress  Lucy  Hale  definitely , definitely has the most fun in terms of style on the show . She gets the coolest clothes . " Line said she used to think that Aria , played by Hale , was the most fashionable of the girls , but now she just considers the character to have "  schizophrenia fashion . " "  One episode is stripes , there 's an episode where she 's a rockabilly . And then this one she looks like a flapper . Literally , she 's so inconsistent . ... The only thing that 's consistent is that she wears , like , 1,000 pounds of jewelry , " Line said . The character popped up in the summer finale wearing a metallic blue , pleated leather skirt from Topshop that Line modified . "  That 's not in . But it 's going to be , " she said . "  These kids do become  fashion icons  . " And Jessica Simpson knows it . Shortly after the singer/actress/designer tweeted in June about sending the show "  some @JSCollection goodies , " Line said she received a box with "  a crap load of stuff . " The costume designer acknowledges that many teens are likely not wearing Jeffrey Campbell wedges , Rag and Bone jeans or Vince sweaters to school , which is why she makes an effort "  to stay within some sort of a realistic price point . " " ` Gossip Girl ' put TV fashion on the map . You had ` Sex and the City ' and then you had ` Gossip Girl . ' But what 's really good about ` Pretty Little Liars ' is , 75 % of the items are attainable . ... You can save up for that Free People top . You can save up for that Rachel Roy dress , " she said . That 's part of the reason she said she loves featuring Rebecca Minkoff 's designs on the show . And Minkoff told CNN that the brand 's unofficial partnership with the series has certainly been beneficial . During the show 's second season , Minkoff said one of the characters referenced her red minibag by name . "  From there we noticed a definite uptick in sales , " she added . Minkoff said her fall offerings include "  a lot of embossed , faux python " handbags , "  great outerwear pieces " and a ton of "  rich burgundy and purple " -- so do n't be surprised to see such trends show up on "  Pretty Little Liars " this fall . Line said it did n't take her long to realize what the series was capable of , having heard from viewers who watch each episode twice : First for the plot points , and then again for the fashion . After all , it 's not surprising that Line says she has "  creative freedom " on set . Anyone who can glue craft pom poms on a brown maxiskirt from a rental house , pair it with a pink blouse and make it look fashion-forward deserves at least that much .	At times , outfits are "  hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " Bellisario says
CNN  -- For a group of high-schoolers being framed for their friend 's murder , the characters on "  Pretty Little Liars " sure put a lot of thought into their outfits . It 's like costume designer Mandi Line says : Why be conservative about hemlines and heel heights on a show where a teacher is dating a student and a drunk girl ca n't remember if she dug up her friend 's dead body ? "  We always go down this whole list of things every time  the producers  call me out with , ` Those heels are a little high , ' " said Line , who has worked on the ABC Family series since its first season , which premiered in 2010 . Fall TV Fashion : ` Revenge ' Viewers only have to wait until October 23 for the show 's anticipated Halloween special . And Line says fashion lovers are in for a treat when the third season returns . Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game ; Hanna 's skirts are getting a little bit shorter ; Aria continues to push the envelope ; and a new , top-secret storyline influences Spencer 's wardrobe . But when you 're dealing with characters who routinely wind up with blood on their hands -- that 's literally and figuratively -- plucking looks off the runway is n't always an option . Just a few episodes ago , Hanna  Ashley Benson  was stabbed in the leg while wearing a pair of neon pink pants . Line said her team had to "  do a lot of driving " to find at least four identical pairs for multiple scenes and takes . The blood just would n't have shown up as well against blue jeans , she said . "  I try not to make it inconvenient for  my team  , " Line added , though she recently had to track down five of the same $ 150 shirt . Hanna gets a drink spilled on her while wearing it in an upcoming episode . Line said dressing main characters Emily , Spencer , Aria and Hanna like typical high school students would be boring , adding , you ca n't blame viewers for "  wanting to go to some sort of fantasyland . " "  One of the things that 's hilarious is that Mandi , she 'll pick such amazing costumes that they 're , at times , hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " said Troian Bellisario , who plays Spencer on the series . "  Our school outfits are outrageous . Sometimes we 're all standing together in the hallways , and we 'll look around at all of our background actors who look like normal high school students . And we kind of make a joke , like , no wonder nobody talks to us in this school because we literally look so out of place . " Never mind the disconnect between the main characters and the background actors , typically clad in pieces from Forever 21 and Wet Seal , Line said . The costume designer can hardly believe Aria , Hanna , Spencer and Emily are best friends given their distinctive styles : "  I always wonder why , fashionwise , they would even talk to each other . " Bellisario , whose character Spencer dresses the preppiest of the bunch , says , "  When you start out on a TV show ... the network really wants you to have a strict character style so that at any point in the show , your character is identifiable from the back side . ... It 's really important on a show with three brunettes . " But as the characters evolve , so do their styles . "  Spencer is  not that girl you were introduced to in the argyle sweater and the pearls in the pilot , " Line said . The one thing that has stuck with Spencer , however , is the skinny watch she always wears an inch or two above her wrist . "  At the beginning of every day , I get to walk in and somebody hands me my watch and that 's how I know it 's Spencer Time , " said Bellisario . It was her idea for Spencer to wear the timepiece in the first place . And that 's not the only way the actress ' style has influenced her character 's . "  I dislike color in general , especially pastels , " Bellisario said . "  I think the way  Line  always compromises with me is , I love knee socks , like thigh high socks , in everyday life . And tights . And so whenever she gives me something that I 'm not happy about on top , she 's like , ` Look , I 'll give you tights and boots . ' " Though , she said there is a bit of style envy when it comes to her costars . "  Whenever I walk into the costume fitting room , I 'll see something on a rack or on the floor and I 'll ooh and ahh over it , " she said . "  And immediately Mandi will say , ` No , that 's Aria 's . '  Actress  Lucy  Hale  definitely , definitely has the most fun in terms of style on the show . She gets the coolest clothes . " Line said she used to think that Aria , played by Hale , was the most fashionable of the girls , but now she just considers the character to have "  schizophrenia fashion . " "  One episode is stripes , there 's an episode where she 's a rockabilly . And then this one she looks like a flapper . Literally , she 's so inconsistent . ... The only thing that 's consistent is that she wears , like , 1,000 pounds of jewelry , " Line said . The character popped up in the summer finale wearing a metallic blue , pleated leather skirt from Topshop that Line modified . "  That 's not in . But it 's going to be , " she said . "  These kids do become  fashion icons  . " And Jessica Simpson knows it . Shortly after the singer/actress/designer tweeted in June about sending the show "  some @JSCollection goodies , " Line said she received a box with "  a crap load of stuff . " The costume designer acknowledges that many teens are likely not wearing Jeffrey Campbell wedges , Rag and Bone jeans or Vince sweaters to school , which is why she makes an effort "  to stay within some sort of a realistic price point . " " ` Gossip Girl ' put TV fashion on the map . You had ` Sex and the City ' and then you had ` Gossip Girl . ' But what 's really good about ` Pretty Little Liars ' is , 75 % of the items are attainable . ... You can save up for that Free People top . You can save up for that Rachel Roy dress , " she said . That 's part of the reason she said she loves featuring Rebecca Minkoff 's designs on the show . And Minkoff told CNN that the brand 's unofficial partnership with the series has certainly been beneficial . During the show 's second season , Minkoff said one of the characters referenced her red minibag by name . "  From there we noticed a definite uptick in sales , " she added . Minkoff said her fall offerings include "  a lot of embossed , faux python " handbags , "  great outerwear pieces " and a ton of "  rich burgundy and purple " -- so do n't be surprised to see such trends show up on "  Pretty Little Liars " this fall . Line said it did n't take her long to realize what the series was capable of , having heard from viewers who watch each episode twice : First for the plot points , and then again for the fashion . After all , it 's not surprising that Line says she has "  creative freedom " on set . Anyone who can glue craft pom poms on a brown maxiskirt from a rental house , pair it with a pink blouse and make it look fashion-forward deserves at least that much .	Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game , Line says
Turkish riot police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse thousands of mourners who attended a funeral march Wednesday for a 15-year old boy . Throughout the afternoon , a virtual river of humanity coursed through the streets of Istanbul escorting the coffin of Berkin Elvan . Mourners carrying portraits of the boy and red carnations chanted "  Berkin Elvan , a sapling just 15 years old . " "  The boy was innocent . The boy was n't doing anything . He went to get bread and the police took a shot at him and basically killed him , " said Dursun Ince , a retired engineer who was one of tens of thousands of demonstrators who participated in the march . Berkin Elvan 's death unleashed a wave of grief and rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests in cities across the country . Public messages of condolence issued by Turkey 's family affairs minister , as well as a sympathetic phone call from the Turkish President to the father of the boy , did little to calm the outrage . Elvan 's mother , Gulsum , has placed blame for the critical injury her son suffered last June squarely on the government and police . The boy was 14 years old when he was last seen conscious stepping out of his home to buy bread for his family 's breakfast . His family says he was next seen 15 minutes later suffering from a horrendous head wound believed to have been inflicted by a tear gas canister fired by Turkish police . For the next nine months , the teenager lay in a coma , wasting away to a weight of just 16 kilograms  35 pounds  . Elvan was pronounced dead early Tuesday morning . That night , demonstrators hurled stones , bottles and abuse at Turkish riot police in several Istanbul neighborhoods . "  Killers ! " angry crowds screamed at helmeted police officers on Istanbul 's Istiklal Caddesi . "  You killed Berkin Elvan ! " a woman yelled . After initially holding back , squads of riot police began pursuing demonstrators through the streets . Armored personnel carriers patrolled main boulevards , hosing rioting youths with water cannons , which were also periodically used to extinguish burning barricades . On Wednesday , a major labor union called for a nationwide strike in honor of the dead boy . Several of the main opposition political parties , which are in the middle of fierce campaigns ahead of nationwide municipal elections on March 30 , announced they would not play music at rallies Wednesday . Turkish television also aired footage of university students in a canteen , banging their silverware on tables in a show of support for the Elvan family . Some high school and university student groups are calling for a boycott of classes Wednesday . "  A small kid is murdered and the killers are still loose . This is us standing up for our kid brother , " said Bircan Birol , a 22-year-old member of the Student Collectives movement at Istanbul University . "  There are pictures of Berkin up everywhere , and today we say : ` Our class is Berkin Elvan . ' " Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's fiery Prime Minister , has yet to mention the Elvan family in any of his daily campaign rallies . Erdogan is fighting hard to mobilize his ruling Justice and Development Party to continue its decade-long electoral winning streak in this month 's municipal elections . However , Abdullah Gul , the man who holds the largely symbolic post of Turkish President , personally called the grieving family Monday . "  The family was very grateful for the call . They asked  for  Mr President 's help in finding out the security cam recordings of the incident , which , interestingly , could n't be found so far , " an official in Abdullah Gul 's office wrote CNN in an e-mail , on condition of anonymity because of Turkish protocol . "  And they asked the help of Mr President for calm during the funeral -- and especially that the police shall not intervene . The President told them that he will talk to the governor especially to provide a smooth , calm and respectful funeral without any more bad scenes . " There was little to no visible police presence escorting the funeral procession on Wednesday . But as the sun began to set in Istanbul , police riot control vehicles began hosing down throngs of demonstrators with water cannons , sending thousands of people sprinting to escape clouds of tear gas . Clashes also erupted in the port city of Izmir on Wednesday , as well as the Turkish capital Ankara .	Thousands march , mourning 15-year-old who died after nine months in coma
Turkish riot police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse thousands of mourners who attended a funeral march Wednesday for a 15-year old boy . Throughout the afternoon , a virtual river of humanity coursed through the streets of Istanbul escorting the coffin of Berkin Elvan . Mourners carrying portraits of the boy and red carnations chanted "  Berkin Elvan , a sapling just 15 years old . " "  The boy was innocent . The boy was n't doing anything . He went to get bread and the police took a shot at him and basically killed him , " said Dursun Ince , a retired engineer who was one of tens of thousands of demonstrators who participated in the march . Berkin Elvan 's death unleashed a wave of grief and rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests in cities across the country . Public messages of condolence issued by Turkey 's family affairs minister , as well as a sympathetic phone call from the Turkish President to the father of the boy , did little to calm the outrage . Elvan 's mother , Gulsum , has placed blame for the critical injury her son suffered last June squarely on the government and police . The boy was 14 years old when he was last seen conscious stepping out of his home to buy bread for his family 's breakfast . His family says he was next seen 15 minutes later suffering from a horrendous head wound believed to have been inflicted by a tear gas canister fired by Turkish police . For the next nine months , the teenager lay in a coma , wasting away to a weight of just 16 kilograms  35 pounds  . Elvan was pronounced dead early Tuesday morning . That night , demonstrators hurled stones , bottles and abuse at Turkish riot police in several Istanbul neighborhoods . "  Killers ! " angry crowds screamed at helmeted police officers on Istanbul 's Istiklal Caddesi . "  You killed Berkin Elvan ! " a woman yelled . After initially holding back , squads of riot police began pursuing demonstrators through the streets . Armored personnel carriers patrolled main boulevards , hosing rioting youths with water cannons , which were also periodically used to extinguish burning barricades . On Wednesday , a major labor union called for a nationwide strike in honor of the dead boy . Several of the main opposition political parties , which are in the middle of fierce campaigns ahead of nationwide municipal elections on March 30 , announced they would not play music at rallies Wednesday . Turkish television also aired footage of university students in a canteen , banging their silverware on tables in a show of support for the Elvan family . Some high school and university student groups are calling for a boycott of classes Wednesday . "  A small kid is murdered and the killers are still loose . This is us standing up for our kid brother , " said Bircan Birol , a 22-year-old member of the Student Collectives movement at Istanbul University . "  There are pictures of Berkin up everywhere , and today we say : ` Our class is Berkin Elvan . ' " Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's fiery Prime Minister , has yet to mention the Elvan family in any of his daily campaign rallies . Erdogan is fighting hard to mobilize his ruling Justice and Development Party to continue its decade-long electoral winning streak in this month 's municipal elections . However , Abdullah Gul , the man who holds the largely symbolic post of Turkish President , personally called the grieving family Monday . "  The family was very grateful for the call . They asked  for  Mr President 's help in finding out the security cam recordings of the incident , which , interestingly , could n't be found so far , " an official in Abdullah Gul 's office wrote CNN in an e-mail , on condition of anonymity because of Turkish protocol . "  And they asked the help of Mr President for calm during the funeral -- and especially that the police shall not intervene . The President told them that he will talk to the governor especially to provide a smooth , calm and respectful funeral without any more bad scenes . " There was little to no visible police presence escorting the funeral procession on Wednesday . But as the sun began to set in Istanbul , police riot control vehicles began hosing down throngs of demonstrators with water cannons , sending thousands of people sprinting to escape clouds of tear gas . Clashes also erupted in the port city of Izmir on Wednesday , as well as the Turkish capital Ankara .	Berkin Elvan suffered a head wound after leaving his home to buy bread
Turkish riot police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse thousands of mourners who attended a funeral march Wednesday for a 15-year old boy . Throughout the afternoon , a virtual river of humanity coursed through the streets of Istanbul escorting the coffin of Berkin Elvan . Mourners carrying portraits of the boy and red carnations chanted "  Berkin Elvan , a sapling just 15 years old . " "  The boy was innocent . The boy was n't doing anything . He went to get bread and the police took a shot at him and basically killed him , " said Dursun Ince , a retired engineer who was one of tens of thousands of demonstrators who participated in the march . Berkin Elvan 's death unleashed a wave of grief and rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests in cities across the country . Public messages of condolence issued by Turkey 's family affairs minister , as well as a sympathetic phone call from the Turkish President to the father of the boy , did little to calm the outrage . Elvan 's mother , Gulsum , has placed blame for the critical injury her son suffered last June squarely on the government and police . The boy was 14 years old when he was last seen conscious stepping out of his home to buy bread for his family 's breakfast . His family says he was next seen 15 minutes later suffering from a horrendous head wound believed to have been inflicted by a tear gas canister fired by Turkish police . For the next nine months , the teenager lay in a coma , wasting away to a weight of just 16 kilograms  35 pounds  . Elvan was pronounced dead early Tuesday morning . That night , demonstrators hurled stones , bottles and abuse at Turkish riot police in several Istanbul neighborhoods . "  Killers ! " angry crowds screamed at helmeted police officers on Istanbul 's Istiklal Caddesi . "  You killed Berkin Elvan ! " a woman yelled . After initially holding back , squads of riot police began pursuing demonstrators through the streets . Armored personnel carriers patrolled main boulevards , hosing rioting youths with water cannons , which were also periodically used to extinguish burning barricades . On Wednesday , a major labor union called for a nationwide strike in honor of the dead boy . Several of the main opposition political parties , which are in the middle of fierce campaigns ahead of nationwide municipal elections on March 30 , announced they would not play music at rallies Wednesday . Turkish television also aired footage of university students in a canteen , banging their silverware on tables in a show of support for the Elvan family . Some high school and university student groups are calling for a boycott of classes Wednesday . "  A small kid is murdered and the killers are still loose . This is us standing up for our kid brother , " said Bircan Birol , a 22-year-old member of the Student Collectives movement at Istanbul University . "  There are pictures of Berkin up everywhere , and today we say : ` Our class is Berkin Elvan . ' " Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's fiery Prime Minister , has yet to mention the Elvan family in any of his daily campaign rallies . Erdogan is fighting hard to mobilize his ruling Justice and Development Party to continue its decade-long electoral winning streak in this month 's municipal elections . However , Abdullah Gul , the man who holds the largely symbolic post of Turkish President , personally called the grieving family Monday . "  The family was very grateful for the call . They asked  for  Mr President 's help in finding out the security cam recordings of the incident , which , interestingly , could n't be found so far , " an official in Abdullah Gul 's office wrote CNN in an e-mail , on condition of anonymity because of Turkish protocol . "  And they asked the help of Mr President for calm during the funeral -- and especially that the police shall not intervene . The President told them that he will talk to the governor especially to provide a smooth , calm and respectful funeral without any more bad scenes . " There was little to no visible police presence escorting the funeral procession on Wednesday . But as the sun began to set in Istanbul , police riot control vehicles began hosing down throngs of demonstrators with water cannons , sending thousands of people sprinting to escape clouds of tear gas . Clashes also erupted in the port city of Izmir on Wednesday , as well as the Turkish capital Ankara .	He died Tuesday ; mourners blame a police tear gas canister for his wound
Turkish riot police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse thousands of mourners who attended a funeral march Wednesday for a 15-year old boy . Throughout the afternoon , a virtual river of humanity coursed through the streets of Istanbul escorting the coffin of Berkin Elvan . Mourners carrying portraits of the boy and red carnations chanted "  Berkin Elvan , a sapling just 15 years old . " "  The boy was innocent . The boy was n't doing anything . He went to get bread and the police took a shot at him and basically killed him , " said Dursun Ince , a retired engineer who was one of tens of thousands of demonstrators who participated in the march . Berkin Elvan 's death unleashed a wave of grief and rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests in cities across the country . Public messages of condolence issued by Turkey 's family affairs minister , as well as a sympathetic phone call from the Turkish President to the father of the boy , did little to calm the outrage . Elvan 's mother , Gulsum , has placed blame for the critical injury her son suffered last June squarely on the government and police . The boy was 14 years old when he was last seen conscious stepping out of his home to buy bread for his family 's breakfast . His family says he was next seen 15 minutes later suffering from a horrendous head wound believed to have been inflicted by a tear gas canister fired by Turkish police . For the next nine months , the teenager lay in a coma , wasting away to a weight of just 16 kilograms  35 pounds  . Elvan was pronounced dead early Tuesday morning . That night , demonstrators hurled stones , bottles and abuse at Turkish riot police in several Istanbul neighborhoods . "  Killers ! " angry crowds screamed at helmeted police officers on Istanbul 's Istiklal Caddesi . "  You killed Berkin Elvan ! " a woman yelled . After initially holding back , squads of riot police began pursuing demonstrators through the streets . Armored personnel carriers patrolled main boulevards , hosing rioting youths with water cannons , which were also periodically used to extinguish burning barricades . On Wednesday , a major labor union called for a nationwide strike in honor of the dead boy . Several of the main opposition political parties , which are in the middle of fierce campaigns ahead of nationwide municipal elections on March 30 , announced they would not play music at rallies Wednesday . Turkish television also aired footage of university students in a canteen , banging their silverware on tables in a show of support for the Elvan family . Some high school and university student groups are calling for a boycott of classes Wednesday . "  A small kid is murdered and the killers are still loose . This is us standing up for our kid brother , " said Bircan Birol , a 22-year-old member of the Student Collectives movement at Istanbul University . "  There are pictures of Berkin up everywhere , and today we say : ` Our class is Berkin Elvan . ' " Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's fiery Prime Minister , has yet to mention the Elvan family in any of his daily campaign rallies . Erdogan is fighting hard to mobilize his ruling Justice and Development Party to continue its decade-long electoral winning streak in this month 's municipal elections . However , Abdullah Gul , the man who holds the largely symbolic post of Turkish President , personally called the grieving family Monday . "  The family was very grateful for the call . They asked  for  Mr President 's help in finding out the security cam recordings of the incident , which , interestingly , could n't be found so far , " an official in Abdullah Gul 's office wrote CNN in an e-mail , on condition of anonymity because of Turkish protocol . "  And they asked the help of Mr President for calm during the funeral -- and especially that the police shall not intervene . The President told them that he will talk to the governor especially to provide a smooth , calm and respectful funeral without any more bad scenes . " There was little to no visible police presence escorting the funeral procession on Wednesday . But as the sun began to set in Istanbul , police riot control vehicles began hosing down throngs of demonstrators with water cannons , sending thousands of people sprinting to escape clouds of tear gas . Clashes also erupted in the port city of Izmir on Wednesday , as well as the Turkish capital Ankara .	The death caused rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests nationwide
ATLANTA  CNN  -- Georgia businessman and former congressman Howard "  Bo " Callaway was in intensive care at an Atlanta hospital Sunday after surgery following a cerebral hemorrhage , according to officials of Callaway Gardens , a 13,000-acre vacation resort and preserve created by Callaway and his parents . The 85-year-old Callaway was hospitalized in his hometown of Columbus , Georgia , last week after complaining of a severe headache . He was subsequently taken to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , according to Callaway Gardens officials , where doctors determined he had a cerebral hemorrhage , which is bleeding on the brain . Callaway , a Republican , is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia for one term in the 1960s . He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia in 1966 and later served on the executive committee of the Republican National Committee . Callaway and his parents created Callaway Gardens in Pine Mountain , Georgia , near Columbus , 60 years ago .	"  Bo " Callaway is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia
ATLANTA  CNN  -- Georgia businessman and former congressman Howard "  Bo " Callaway was in intensive care at an Atlanta hospital Sunday after surgery following a cerebral hemorrhage , according to officials of Callaway Gardens , a 13,000-acre vacation resort and preserve created by Callaway and his parents . The 85-year-old Callaway was hospitalized in his hometown of Columbus , Georgia , last week after complaining of a severe headache . He was subsequently taken to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , according to Callaway Gardens officials , where doctors determined he had a cerebral hemorrhage , which is bleeding on the brain . Callaway , a Republican , is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia for one term in the 1960s . He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia in 1966 and later served on the executive committee of the Republican National Committee . Callaway and his parents created Callaway Gardens in Pine Mountain , Georgia , near Columbus , 60 years ago .	He suffered a cerebral hemorrhage last week
ATLANTA  CNN  -- Georgia businessman and former congressman Howard "  Bo " Callaway was in intensive care at an Atlanta hospital Sunday after surgery following a cerebral hemorrhage , according to officials of Callaway Gardens , a 13,000-acre vacation resort and preserve created by Callaway and his parents . The 85-year-old Callaway was hospitalized in his hometown of Columbus , Georgia , last week after complaining of a severe headache . He was subsequently taken to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , according to Callaway Gardens officials , where doctors determined he had a cerebral hemorrhage , which is bleeding on the brain . Callaway , a Republican , is a former secretary of the Army and was a congressman from Georgia for one term in the 1960s . He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia in 1966 and later served on the executive committee of the Republican National Committee . Callaway and his parents created Callaway Gardens in Pine Mountain , Georgia , near Columbus , 60 years ago .	Callaway and his parents created the Callaway Gardens resort in Georgia
New York City will change its policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , giving police officers the option of writing offenders a ticket instead of taking them into custody , city officials said Monday at a press conference . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the change will remove the stigma of a criminal conviction for many young people who are arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession . Such a conviction can prevent people from getting a job or housing , he said . "  A summons will not affect their future , " he said . "  An arrest could . " The policy change , which goes into effect November 19 , will only affect cases involving 25 grams  .88 ounce  or less of marijuana , Police Commissioner William Bratton said . The officer can choose to write a citation , which requires the suspect to appear in court later , Bratton said . The marijuana would be seized and the person who had the marijuana would continue with their day . The fine for a first offense would usually be $ 100 , officials said . Officers will make judgment call If the officer does decide to take the suspect into custody , the suspect would be handcuffed and taken to the station house for fingerprinting and a mugshot , Bratton said . Police did n't specify the penalties but said they 'd be tougher than for a citation . As to how that decision would be made , de Blasio said , "  An officer ultimately has to make the judgment on the scene . " If police find somebody smoking marijuana -- as opposed to simply possessing it -- the suspect would have to go through the entire arrest procedure , Bratton said . People without proper identification or people with outstanding warrants would be taken into custody , he said . De Blasio said misdemeanor marijuana arrests disproportionately affect young people in minority groups in New York City . He said many job applications ask about arrests or convictions , but not summonses . "  We do n't want to saddle someone who made one small mistake with something that will follow them all their lives , " the mayor said . ` You will see fewer unnecessary arrests ' De Blasio said the policy change will also free up New York City police to concentrate on more serious crimes . The officers wo n't have to spend hours at the station house or in court because of small amounts of marijuana . "  You will see fewer unnecessary arrests , " he said , noting that misdemeanor marijuana arrests have declined for several years . Voters in Colorado , Washington state , Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. , have voted to legalize recreational marijuana . New York law still bans possession of the drug . The policy shift only changes how police would enforce the existing law . De Blassio and Bratton said they do not support legalizing recreational marijuana . The policy change was first reported Sunday by the New York Times .	New York City police may write a ticket for small amounts of marijuana , officials said
New York City will change its policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , giving police officers the option of writing offenders a ticket instead of taking them into custody , city officials said Monday at a press conference . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the change will remove the stigma of a criminal conviction for many young people who are arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession . Such a conviction can prevent people from getting a job or housing , he said . "  A summons will not affect their future , " he said . "  An arrest could . " The policy change , which goes into effect November 19 , will only affect cases involving 25 grams  .88 ounce  or less of marijuana , Police Commissioner William Bratton said . The officer can choose to write a citation , which requires the suspect to appear in court later , Bratton said . The marijuana would be seized and the person who had the marijuana would continue with their day . The fine for a first offense would usually be $ 100 , officials said . Officers will make judgment call If the officer does decide to take the suspect into custody , the suspect would be handcuffed and taken to the station house for fingerprinting and a mugshot , Bratton said . Police did n't specify the penalties but said they 'd be tougher than for a citation . As to how that decision would be made , de Blasio said , "  An officer ultimately has to make the judgment on the scene . " If police find somebody smoking marijuana -- as opposed to simply possessing it -- the suspect would have to go through the entire arrest procedure , Bratton said . People without proper identification or people with outstanding warrants would be taken into custody , he said . De Blasio said misdemeanor marijuana arrests disproportionately affect young people in minority groups in New York City . He said many job applications ask about arrests or convictions , but not summonses . "  We do n't want to saddle someone who made one small mistake with something that will follow them all their lives , " the mayor said . ` You will see fewer unnecessary arrests ' De Blasio said the policy change will also free up New York City police to concentrate on more serious crimes . The officers wo n't have to spend hours at the station house or in court because of small amounts of marijuana . "  You will see fewer unnecessary arrests , " he said , noting that misdemeanor marijuana arrests have declined for several years . Voters in Colorado , Washington state , Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. , have voted to legalize recreational marijuana . New York law still bans possession of the drug . The policy shift only changes how police would enforce the existing law . De Blassio and Bratton said they do not support legalizing recreational marijuana . The policy change was first reported Sunday by the New York Times .	The policy change will only affect cases involving up to 25 grams of marijauna
New York City will change its policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , giving police officers the option of writing offenders a ticket instead of taking them into custody , city officials said Monday at a press conference . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the change will remove the stigma of a criminal conviction for many young people who are arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession . Such a conviction can prevent people from getting a job or housing , he said . "  A summons will not affect their future , " he said . "  An arrest could . " The policy change , which goes into effect November 19 , will only affect cases involving 25 grams  .88 ounce  or less of marijuana , Police Commissioner William Bratton said . The officer can choose to write a citation , which requires the suspect to appear in court later , Bratton said . The marijuana would be seized and the person who had the marijuana would continue with their day . The fine for a first offense would usually be $ 100 , officials said . Officers will make judgment call If the officer does decide to take the suspect into custody , the suspect would be handcuffed and taken to the station house for fingerprinting and a mugshot , Bratton said . Police did n't specify the penalties but said they 'd be tougher than for a citation . As to how that decision would be made , de Blasio said , "  An officer ultimately has to make the judgment on the scene . " If police find somebody smoking marijuana -- as opposed to simply possessing it -- the suspect would have to go through the entire arrest procedure , Bratton said . People without proper identification or people with outstanding warrants would be taken into custody , he said . De Blasio said misdemeanor marijuana arrests disproportionately affect young people in minority groups in New York City . He said many job applications ask about arrests or convictions , but not summonses . "  We do n't want to saddle someone who made one small mistake with something that will follow them all their lives , " the mayor said . ` You will see fewer unnecessary arrests ' De Blasio said the policy change will also free up New York City police to concentrate on more serious crimes . The officers wo n't have to spend hours at the station house or in court because of small amounts of marijuana . "  You will see fewer unnecessary arrests , " he said , noting that misdemeanor marijuana arrests have declined for several years . Voters in Colorado , Washington state , Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. , have voted to legalize recreational marijuana . New York law still bans possession of the drug . The policy shift only changes how police would enforce the existing law . De Blassio and Bratton said they do not support legalizing recreational marijuana . The policy change was first reported Sunday by the New York Times .	The mayor said the old law disproportionately affected minority youth
New York City will change its policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , giving police officers the option of writing offenders a ticket instead of taking them into custody , city officials said Monday at a press conference . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the change will remove the stigma of a criminal conviction for many young people who are arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession . Such a conviction can prevent people from getting a job or housing , he said . "  A summons will not affect their future , " he said . "  An arrest could . " The policy change , which goes into effect November 19 , will only affect cases involving 25 grams  .88 ounce  or less of marijuana , Police Commissioner William Bratton said . The officer can choose to write a citation , which requires the suspect to appear in court later , Bratton said . The marijuana would be seized and the person who had the marijuana would continue with their day . The fine for a first offense would usually be $ 100 , officials said . Officers will make judgment call If the officer does decide to take the suspect into custody , the suspect would be handcuffed and taken to the station house for fingerprinting and a mugshot , Bratton said . Police did n't specify the penalties but said they 'd be tougher than for a citation . As to how that decision would be made , de Blasio said , "  An officer ultimately has to make the judgment on the scene . " If police find somebody smoking marijuana -- as opposed to simply possessing it -- the suspect would have to go through the entire arrest procedure , Bratton said . People without proper identification or people with outstanding warrants would be taken into custody , he said . De Blasio said misdemeanor marijuana arrests disproportionately affect young people in minority groups in New York City . He said many job applications ask about arrests or convictions , but not summonses . "  We do n't want to saddle someone who made one small mistake with something that will follow them all their lives , " the mayor said . ` You will see fewer unnecessary arrests ' De Blasio said the policy change will also free up New York City police to concentrate on more serious crimes . The officers wo n't have to spend hours at the station house or in court because of small amounts of marijuana . "  You will see fewer unnecessary arrests , " he said , noting that misdemeanor marijuana arrests have declined for several years . Voters in Colorado , Washington state , Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. , have voted to legalize recreational marijuana . New York law still bans possession of the drug . The policy shift only changes how police would enforce the existing law . De Blassio and Bratton said they do not support legalizing recreational marijuana . The policy change was first reported Sunday by the New York Times .	A ticket has a lighter penalty than an arrest , police said
In 2010 , Americans were prescribed 258 million courses of antibiotics , a rate of 833 per thousand people . Such massive usage , billions of doses , has been going on year after year . We have few clues about the consequences of our cumulative exposures . We do know that widespread antibiotic treatments make us more susceptible to invaders by selecting for resistant bacteria . These risks are now well-known , but I want to lay out a new concern : that antibiotic use over the years has been depleting the pool of our friendly bacteria -- in each of us -- and this is lowering our resistance to infections . In today 's hyperconnected globe , that means that we are at high risk of future plagues that could spread without natural boundaries from person to person and that we could not stop . I call this "  antibiotic winter . " To explain : In the early 1950 's , scientists conducted experiments to determine whether our resident microbes -- the huge number of bacteria that live in and on our bodies , now called our "  microbiome " -- help in fending off invading bacteria . They fed mice a species of a typical invader , disease-causing salmonella . It took about 100,000 organisms to infect half of the normal mice . But when they first gave mice an antibiotic , which kills both good and bad bacteria , and then several days later gave them salmonella , it took only three organisms to infect them . This is n't a 10 or 20 % difference ; it 's a 30,000-fold difference . That was in mice , but what about humans ? In 1985 , Chicago faced a massive outbreak of salmonella . At least 160,000 people became ill and several died from drinking contaminated milk . The health department asked victims of the outbreak and unaffected persons , "  Have you received antibiotics in the month prior to becoming ill ? " People who said yes were five times more likely to become ill than those who drank the milk but had n't recently received antibiotics . People carry a small number of highly abundant bacterial species and a large number of much less common ones . For example , you may carry trillions of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in your colon and only a thousand cells , or fewer , belonging to many other species . We are not sure how many rare species any of us has . If you had only 50 cells of a particular type , it would be difficult to detect them against the background of trillions of others . When you take a broad-spectrum antibiotic , which is the kind most commonly prescribed , it may be that rare microbes occasionally get wiped out entirely . And once the population hits zero , there is no bouncing back . For your body , that species is now extinct . My worry is that some of these critical residential organisms -- what I consider "  contingency " species -- may disappear altogether . Why might it matter ? Those puny species may not be so inconsequential . Microbes multiply . Any small population of , say , 50 cells can explode into a billion or more in one week . The trigger for their massive bloom could be a food you 've eaten for the first time , which only they have the enzymes to digest . In the presence of this food , the rare microbe goes into overdrive , doubling every 12 or 20 minutes , multiplying by a million percent or more . This could be good for you because some of the energy captured by these digesting microbes might end up in your bloodstream . When food is in short supply , as has been the case for most of human existence , and people need to eat unfamiliar plants or animals , it is useful to have a repertoire of enzymes that help us process a wide variety of nutrients . The genes of our flexible partners , our resident microbes , provide those enzymes . Now consider the consequences if one of your rare microbes -- an ancient one that has been dwelling in Homo sapiens for 200,000 years -- went extinct . One possibility is that it does n't matter . Perhaps that microbe was a marginal player -- good riddance . Another possibility : It 's a "  contingency " organism , useful -- crucial -- when we need it for protection . When a new influenza epidemic arose in Mexico in 2009 , people in California and Texas soon fell ill , and then flu appeared in New York a few days later . After a few weeks , this flu spread throughout the world . Considering the numbers of people infected , we were lucky that it was not a highly lethal strain . Yet thousands of people all over the world did die . Even when a strain is not that virulent , when hundreds of millions of people are infected , deaths add up . And when the strain is worse , the deaths climb into the millions . Our world has gotten smaller . We have much greater global access to one another -- at the very moment in our history when our ancient microbial defenses are degrading . This makes us vulnerable to microbial invaders and provides fuel for disease conflagrations , with consequences scarcely imaginable . Plagues are inevitable wherever people congregate . With a global population of 7 billion , rising by 80 million annually , the question is not whether another big plague will come , but when it will happen , what will cause it , and who will be affected . In 1918-19 , influenza killed tens of millions , in an era without airplanes and with much less mass transit to spread it . With a huge world population that is essentially contiguous , and with so many people with weakened defenses , we are vulnerable as never before . I see many parallels between our changing climate and our changing microbiome . The modern epidemics -- asthma and allergic disorders , obesity , and metabolic disorders -- are not only diseases , they are external signs of change within . But they also indicate a deeper imbalance , the loss of our reserves . Our diverse microbes , with their millions of genes helping us resist disease , are the guerrilla warriors defending the home domain -- as long as we protect them . But recent studies suggest that otherwise normal people already have lost 15 % to 40 % of their microbial diversity and the genes that accompany it . This is the greatest danger before us -- invaders causing an epidemic against which we are helpless . Unless we change our ways , we do indeed face an "  antibiotic winter . " We must end the assault on our microbes , by cutting antibiotic use and also such elective practices as unnecessary cesarean sections that bypass the natural order of mothers passing on their bacteria to their babies . There are times when both of these are needed urgently , but we already know that we are overusing them . Technology already provides important tools to improve doctors ' judgments about when antibiotics are needed , but we must get them into the clinic . We also must develop new tools , like "  narrow-spectrum " antibiotics that target only the invader and minimize collateral effects . We must understand that every antibiotic course has a biological cost , and more precisely align possible benefit with the full costs . I predict that in the future we will routinely be giving children back their lost microbes , in early life to restore their patrimony and after the antibiotic courses that are truly necessary . Just as we have abused marvelous inventions like freon and the internal combustion engine , so too we have abused our "  wonder drugs . " But the possible costs of these practices are our worst nightmare ; we need to prepare , starting now .	Martin Blaser : Overprescription of antibiotics put Americans at risk for disease
In 2010 , Americans were prescribed 258 million courses of antibiotics , a rate of 833 per thousand people . Such massive usage , billions of doses , has been going on year after year . We have few clues about the consequences of our cumulative exposures . We do know that widespread antibiotic treatments make us more susceptible to invaders by selecting for resistant bacteria . These risks are now well-known , but I want to lay out a new concern : that antibiotic use over the years has been depleting the pool of our friendly bacteria -- in each of us -- and this is lowering our resistance to infections . In today 's hyperconnected globe , that means that we are at high risk of future plagues that could spread without natural boundaries from person to person and that we could not stop . I call this "  antibiotic winter . " To explain : In the early 1950 's , scientists conducted experiments to determine whether our resident microbes -- the huge number of bacteria that live in and on our bodies , now called our "  microbiome " -- help in fending off invading bacteria . They fed mice a species of a typical invader , disease-causing salmonella . It took about 100,000 organisms to infect half of the normal mice . But when they first gave mice an antibiotic , which kills both good and bad bacteria , and then several days later gave them salmonella , it took only three organisms to infect them . This is n't a 10 or 20 % difference ; it 's a 30,000-fold difference . That was in mice , but what about humans ? In 1985 , Chicago faced a massive outbreak of salmonella . At least 160,000 people became ill and several died from drinking contaminated milk . The health department asked victims of the outbreak and unaffected persons , "  Have you received antibiotics in the month prior to becoming ill ? " People who said yes were five times more likely to become ill than those who drank the milk but had n't recently received antibiotics . People carry a small number of highly abundant bacterial species and a large number of much less common ones . For example , you may carry trillions of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in your colon and only a thousand cells , or fewer , belonging to many other species . We are not sure how many rare species any of us has . If you had only 50 cells of a particular type , it would be difficult to detect them against the background of trillions of others . When you take a broad-spectrum antibiotic , which is the kind most commonly prescribed , it may be that rare microbes occasionally get wiped out entirely . And once the population hits zero , there is no bouncing back . For your body , that species is now extinct . My worry is that some of these critical residential organisms -- what I consider "  contingency " species -- may disappear altogether . Why might it matter ? Those puny species may not be so inconsequential . Microbes multiply . Any small population of , say , 50 cells can explode into a billion or more in one week . The trigger for their massive bloom could be a food you 've eaten for the first time , which only they have the enzymes to digest . In the presence of this food , the rare microbe goes into overdrive , doubling every 12 or 20 minutes , multiplying by a million percent or more . This could be good for you because some of the energy captured by these digesting microbes might end up in your bloodstream . When food is in short supply , as has been the case for most of human existence , and people need to eat unfamiliar plants or animals , it is useful to have a repertoire of enzymes that help us process a wide variety of nutrients . The genes of our flexible partners , our resident microbes , provide those enzymes . Now consider the consequences if one of your rare microbes -- an ancient one that has been dwelling in Homo sapiens for 200,000 years -- went extinct . One possibility is that it does n't matter . Perhaps that microbe was a marginal player -- good riddance . Another possibility : It 's a "  contingency " organism , useful -- crucial -- when we need it for protection . When a new influenza epidemic arose in Mexico in 2009 , people in California and Texas soon fell ill , and then flu appeared in New York a few days later . After a few weeks , this flu spread throughout the world . Considering the numbers of people infected , we were lucky that it was not a highly lethal strain . Yet thousands of people all over the world did die . Even when a strain is not that virulent , when hundreds of millions of people are infected , deaths add up . And when the strain is worse , the deaths climb into the millions . Our world has gotten smaller . We have much greater global access to one another -- at the very moment in our history when our ancient microbial defenses are degrading . This makes us vulnerable to microbial invaders and provides fuel for disease conflagrations , with consequences scarcely imaginable . Plagues are inevitable wherever people congregate . With a global population of 7 billion , rising by 80 million annually , the question is not whether another big plague will come , but when it will happen , what will cause it , and who will be affected . In 1918-19 , influenza killed tens of millions , in an era without airplanes and with much less mass transit to spread it . With a huge world population that is essentially contiguous , and with so many people with weakened defenses , we are vulnerable as never before . I see many parallels between our changing climate and our changing microbiome . The modern epidemics -- asthma and allergic disorders , obesity , and metabolic disorders -- are not only diseases , they are external signs of change within . But they also indicate a deeper imbalance , the loss of our reserves . Our diverse microbes , with their millions of genes helping us resist disease , are the guerrilla warriors defending the home domain -- as long as we protect them . But recent studies suggest that otherwise normal people already have lost 15 % to 40 % of their microbial diversity and the genes that accompany it . This is the greatest danger before us -- invaders causing an epidemic against which we are helpless . Unless we change our ways , we do indeed face an "  antibiotic winter . " We must end the assault on our microbes , by cutting antibiotic use and also such elective practices as unnecessary cesarean sections that bypass the natural order of mothers passing on their bacteria to their babies . There are times when both of these are needed urgently , but we already know that we are overusing them . Technology already provides important tools to improve doctors ' judgments about when antibiotics are needed , but we must get them into the clinic . We also must develop new tools , like "  narrow-spectrum " antibiotics that target only the invader and minimize collateral effects . We must understand that every antibiotic course has a biological cost , and more precisely align possible benefit with the full costs . I predict that in the future we will routinely be giving children back their lost microbes , in early life to restore their patrimony and after the antibiotic courses that are truly necessary . Just as we have abused marvelous inventions like freon and the internal combustion engine , so too we have abused our "  wonder drugs . " But the possible costs of these practices are our worst nightmare ; we need to prepare , starting now .	He says we wipe out good , protective germs , bringing danger of "  antibiotic winter "
In 2010 , Americans were prescribed 258 million courses of antibiotics , a rate of 833 per thousand people . Such massive usage , billions of doses , has been going on year after year . We have few clues about the consequences of our cumulative exposures . We do know that widespread antibiotic treatments make us more susceptible to invaders by selecting for resistant bacteria . These risks are now well-known , but I want to lay out a new concern : that antibiotic use over the years has been depleting the pool of our friendly bacteria -- in each of us -- and this is lowering our resistance to infections . In today 's hyperconnected globe , that means that we are at high risk of future plagues that could spread without natural boundaries from person to person and that we could not stop . I call this "  antibiotic winter . " To explain : In the early 1950 's , scientists conducted experiments to determine whether our resident microbes -- the huge number of bacteria that live in and on our bodies , now called our "  microbiome " -- help in fending off invading bacteria . They fed mice a species of a typical invader , disease-causing salmonella . It took about 100,000 organisms to infect half of the normal mice . But when they first gave mice an antibiotic , which kills both good and bad bacteria , and then several days later gave them salmonella , it took only three organisms to infect them . This is n't a 10 or 20 % difference ; it 's a 30,000-fold difference . That was in mice , but what about humans ? In 1985 , Chicago faced a massive outbreak of salmonella . At least 160,000 people became ill and several died from drinking contaminated milk . The health department asked victims of the outbreak and unaffected persons , "  Have you received antibiotics in the month prior to becoming ill ? " People who said yes were five times more likely to become ill than those who drank the milk but had n't recently received antibiotics . People carry a small number of highly abundant bacterial species and a large number of much less common ones . For example , you may carry trillions of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in your colon and only a thousand cells , or fewer , belonging to many other species . We are not sure how many rare species any of us has . If you had only 50 cells of a particular type , it would be difficult to detect them against the background of trillions of others . When you take a broad-spectrum antibiotic , which is the kind most commonly prescribed , it may be that rare microbes occasionally get wiped out entirely . And once the population hits zero , there is no bouncing back . For your body , that species is now extinct . My worry is that some of these critical residential organisms -- what I consider "  contingency " species -- may disappear altogether . Why might it matter ? Those puny species may not be so inconsequential . Microbes multiply . Any small population of , say , 50 cells can explode into a billion or more in one week . The trigger for their massive bloom could be a food you 've eaten for the first time , which only they have the enzymes to digest . In the presence of this food , the rare microbe goes into overdrive , doubling every 12 or 20 minutes , multiplying by a million percent or more . This could be good for you because some of the energy captured by these digesting microbes might end up in your bloodstream . When food is in short supply , as has been the case for most of human existence , and people need to eat unfamiliar plants or animals , it is useful to have a repertoire of enzymes that help us process a wide variety of nutrients . The genes of our flexible partners , our resident microbes , provide those enzymes . Now consider the consequences if one of your rare microbes -- an ancient one that has been dwelling in Homo sapiens for 200,000 years -- went extinct . One possibility is that it does n't matter . Perhaps that microbe was a marginal player -- good riddance . Another possibility : It 's a "  contingency " organism , useful -- crucial -- when we need it for protection . When a new influenza epidemic arose in Mexico in 2009 , people in California and Texas soon fell ill , and then flu appeared in New York a few days later . After a few weeks , this flu spread throughout the world . Considering the numbers of people infected , we were lucky that it was not a highly lethal strain . Yet thousands of people all over the world did die . Even when a strain is not that virulent , when hundreds of millions of people are infected , deaths add up . And when the strain is worse , the deaths climb into the millions . Our world has gotten smaller . We have much greater global access to one another -- at the very moment in our history when our ancient microbial defenses are degrading . This makes us vulnerable to microbial invaders and provides fuel for disease conflagrations , with consequences scarcely imaginable . Plagues are inevitable wherever people congregate . With a global population of 7 billion , rising by 80 million annually , the question is not whether another big plague will come , but when it will happen , what will cause it , and who will be affected . In 1918-19 , influenza killed tens of millions , in an era without airplanes and with much less mass transit to spread it . With a huge world population that is essentially contiguous , and with so many people with weakened defenses , we are vulnerable as never before . I see many parallels between our changing climate and our changing microbiome . The modern epidemics -- asthma and allergic disorders , obesity , and metabolic disorders -- are not only diseases , they are external signs of change within . But they also indicate a deeper imbalance , the loss of our reserves . Our diverse microbes , with their millions of genes helping us resist disease , are the guerrilla warriors defending the home domain -- as long as we protect them . But recent studies suggest that otherwise normal people already have lost 15 % to 40 % of their microbial diversity and the genes that accompany it . This is the greatest danger before us -- invaders causing an epidemic against which we are helpless . Unless we change our ways , we do indeed face an "  antibiotic winter . " We must end the assault on our microbes , by cutting antibiotic use and also such elective practices as unnecessary cesarean sections that bypass the natural order of mothers passing on their bacteria to their babies . There are times when both of these are needed urgently , but we already know that we are overusing them . Technology already provides important tools to improve doctors ' judgments about when antibiotics are needed , but we must get them into the clinic . We also must develop new tools , like "  narrow-spectrum " antibiotics that target only the invader and minimize collateral effects . We must understand that every antibiotic course has a biological cost , and more precisely align possible benefit with the full costs . I predict that in the future we will routinely be giving children back their lost microbes , in early life to restore their patrimony and after the antibiotic courses that are truly necessary . Just as we have abused marvelous inventions like freon and the internal combustion engine , so too we have abused our "  wonder drugs . " But the possible costs of these practices are our worst nightmare ; we need to prepare , starting now .	With lower resistance , plague inevitable in interconnected world , he says
In 2010 , Americans were prescribed 258 million courses of antibiotics , a rate of 833 per thousand people . Such massive usage , billions of doses , has been going on year after year . We have few clues about the consequences of our cumulative exposures . We do know that widespread antibiotic treatments make us more susceptible to invaders by selecting for resistant bacteria . These risks are now well-known , but I want to lay out a new concern : that antibiotic use over the years has been depleting the pool of our friendly bacteria -- in each of us -- and this is lowering our resistance to infections . In today 's hyperconnected globe , that means that we are at high risk of future plagues that could spread without natural boundaries from person to person and that we could not stop . I call this "  antibiotic winter . " To explain : In the early 1950 's , scientists conducted experiments to determine whether our resident microbes -- the huge number of bacteria that live in and on our bodies , now called our "  microbiome " -- help in fending off invading bacteria . They fed mice a species of a typical invader , disease-causing salmonella . It took about 100,000 organisms to infect half of the normal mice . But when they first gave mice an antibiotic , which kills both good and bad bacteria , and then several days later gave them salmonella , it took only three organisms to infect them . This is n't a 10 or 20 % difference ; it 's a 30,000-fold difference . That was in mice , but what about humans ? In 1985 , Chicago faced a massive outbreak of salmonella . At least 160,000 people became ill and several died from drinking contaminated milk . The health department asked victims of the outbreak and unaffected persons , "  Have you received antibiotics in the month prior to becoming ill ? " People who said yes were five times more likely to become ill than those who drank the milk but had n't recently received antibiotics . People carry a small number of highly abundant bacterial species and a large number of much less common ones . For example , you may carry trillions of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in your colon and only a thousand cells , or fewer , belonging to many other species . We are not sure how many rare species any of us has . If you had only 50 cells of a particular type , it would be difficult to detect them against the background of trillions of others . When you take a broad-spectrum antibiotic , which is the kind most commonly prescribed , it may be that rare microbes occasionally get wiped out entirely . And once the population hits zero , there is no bouncing back . For your body , that species is now extinct . My worry is that some of these critical residential organisms -- what I consider "  contingency " species -- may disappear altogether . Why might it matter ? Those puny species may not be so inconsequential . Microbes multiply . Any small population of , say , 50 cells can explode into a billion or more in one week . The trigger for their massive bloom could be a food you 've eaten for the first time , which only they have the enzymes to digest . In the presence of this food , the rare microbe goes into overdrive , doubling every 12 or 20 minutes , multiplying by a million percent or more . This could be good for you because some of the energy captured by these digesting microbes might end up in your bloodstream . When food is in short supply , as has been the case for most of human existence , and people need to eat unfamiliar plants or animals , it is useful to have a repertoire of enzymes that help us process a wide variety of nutrients . The genes of our flexible partners , our resident microbes , provide those enzymes . Now consider the consequences if one of your rare microbes -- an ancient one that has been dwelling in Homo sapiens for 200,000 years -- went extinct . One possibility is that it does n't matter . Perhaps that microbe was a marginal player -- good riddance . Another possibility : It 's a "  contingency " organism , useful -- crucial -- when we need it for protection . When a new influenza epidemic arose in Mexico in 2009 , people in California and Texas soon fell ill , and then flu appeared in New York a few days later . After a few weeks , this flu spread throughout the world . Considering the numbers of people infected , we were lucky that it was not a highly lethal strain . Yet thousands of people all over the world did die . Even when a strain is not that virulent , when hundreds of millions of people are infected , deaths add up . And when the strain is worse , the deaths climb into the millions . Our world has gotten smaller . We have much greater global access to one another -- at the very moment in our history when our ancient microbial defenses are degrading . This makes us vulnerable to microbial invaders and provides fuel for disease conflagrations , with consequences scarcely imaginable . Plagues are inevitable wherever people congregate . With a global population of 7 billion , rising by 80 million annually , the question is not whether another big plague will come , but when it will happen , what will cause it , and who will be affected . In 1918-19 , influenza killed tens of millions , in an era without airplanes and with much less mass transit to spread it . With a huge world population that is essentially contiguous , and with so many people with weakened defenses , we are vulnerable as never before . I see many parallels between our changing climate and our changing microbiome . The modern epidemics -- asthma and allergic disorders , obesity , and metabolic disorders -- are not only diseases , they are external signs of change within . But they also indicate a deeper imbalance , the loss of our reserves . Our diverse microbes , with their millions of genes helping us resist disease , are the guerrilla warriors defending the home domain -- as long as we protect them . But recent studies suggest that otherwise normal people already have lost 15 % to 40 % of their microbial diversity and the genes that accompany it . This is the greatest danger before us -- invaders causing an epidemic against which we are helpless . Unless we change our ways , we do indeed face an "  antibiotic winter . " We must end the assault on our microbes , by cutting antibiotic use and also such elective practices as unnecessary cesarean sections that bypass the natural order of mothers passing on their bacteria to their babies . There are times when both of these are needed urgently , but we already know that we are overusing them . Technology already provides important tools to improve doctors ' judgments about when antibiotics are needed , but we must get them into the clinic . We also must develop new tools , like "  narrow-spectrum " antibiotics that target only the invader and minimize collateral effects . We must understand that every antibiotic course has a biological cost , and more precisely align possible benefit with the full costs . I predict that in the future we will routinely be giving children back their lost microbes , in early life to restore their patrimony and after the antibiotic courses that are truly necessary . Just as we have abused marvelous inventions like freon and the internal combustion engine , so too we have abused our "  wonder drugs . " But the possible costs of these practices are our worst nightmare ; we need to prepare , starting now .	Blaser : Targeted antibiotics , less interference in natural process are key to cutting vulnerability
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Man has pleaded guilty to charges of aiding al Qaeda
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Bryant Neal Vinas ' interview with Belgian prosecutors is released
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Vinas says he received extra religious instruction to be OK 'd as bomber
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	He says he discussed attacks in the West with al Qaeda , including in the U.S.
With lingering questions about privacy , game trading and selling , and an "  always-on " Kinect device , Microsoft has released new details about the new Xbox One console , hoping to address issues that have had some fans in an uproar . The details come a week before the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  next week in Los Angeles and , presumably , are meant to free up the company to focus on games and features , not consumer concerns , during its major showcase there . Among the new details : Up to 10 family members will be able to log in and play purchased Xbox One games from anywhere . The unique proposition addresses concerns from fans about being able to play where they want , and when they want , in an era when game companies worry about protecting digital rights . The games also will be playable by anyone who uses the console at the buyer 's house . But what about used games ? One blog post emphasizes there will be no fee for transferring or selling games back for cash and credit on Microsoft 's part . However , the wording suggests that restrictions could come from game publishers themselves . "  Today , some gamers choose to sell their old disc-based games back for cash and credit . We designed Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating retailers , " the post reads . "  Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers , publishers , or consumers for enabling transfer of these games . " Microsoft uses the same "  game publisher can enable " language when talking about trading or giving games to your friends . There are two requirements on trading from Microsoft : the recipient must be on your friends list for at least 30 days and each game can only be given away once . What will game publishers do with this new control over used games and trading ? And how will retailers , who rely on game trades as part of their business , react ? That remains to be seen . In releasing the new details , Microsoft seeks to take the spotlight off of itself and aim it at third-party publishers . At the end of the day , it 's those publishers who have the most to lose if games on new consoles like the Xbox One , and Sony 's upcoming PlayStation 4 , do n't have built-in protections that keep them from being resold or shared . But digital-rights management and other protections are unpopular with many gamers , who argue they should be able to do what they like with a game once they 've paid for it . It 's unclear how Microsoft 's own Microsoft Games Studios will address those issues . Sony has been less open about how rights issues will be managed on its own new console . On the Xbox , offline gaming or use of a constant Internet connection has also been an issue for fans . According to another post , while the Xbox One is designed to work best with a constant broadband connection , it is not required . However , the console will need to be connected at least once every 24 hours , or once an hour if you 're logged onto a friend 's console to access your own game library . A separate blog post addressed the privacy concerns raised by an always-watching Kinect device , which is connected to the Xbox One . Gamers will be able to tailor how responsive the sensor will be and how much or little data gets transferred . The Kinect device can be paused if you do n't want to use it . Also , while the Kinect can indeed read your heart rate , facial expressions and more , none of that data leaves the console without explicit permission . The post goes on to say that Microsoft is listening to fan feedback as they refine and develop new policies for the Xbox One . Microsoft 's E3 presentation is scheduled for Monday at 12:30 p.m. ET .	Ahead of E3 , Microsoft answers questions about Xbox One rules
With lingering questions about privacy , game trading and selling , and an "  always-on " Kinect device , Microsoft has released new details about the new Xbox One console , hoping to address issues that have had some fans in an uproar . The details come a week before the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  next week in Los Angeles and , presumably , are meant to free up the company to focus on games and features , not consumer concerns , during its major showcase there . Among the new details : Up to 10 family members will be able to log in and play purchased Xbox One games from anywhere . The unique proposition addresses concerns from fans about being able to play where they want , and when they want , in an era when game companies worry about protecting digital rights . The games also will be playable by anyone who uses the console at the buyer 's house . But what about used games ? One blog post emphasizes there will be no fee for transferring or selling games back for cash and credit on Microsoft 's part . However , the wording suggests that restrictions could come from game publishers themselves . "  Today , some gamers choose to sell their old disc-based games back for cash and credit . We designed Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating retailers , " the post reads . "  Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers , publishers , or consumers for enabling transfer of these games . " Microsoft uses the same "  game publisher can enable " language when talking about trading or giving games to your friends . There are two requirements on trading from Microsoft : the recipient must be on your friends list for at least 30 days and each game can only be given away once . What will game publishers do with this new control over used games and trading ? And how will retailers , who rely on game trades as part of their business , react ? That remains to be seen . In releasing the new details , Microsoft seeks to take the spotlight off of itself and aim it at third-party publishers . At the end of the day , it 's those publishers who have the most to lose if games on new consoles like the Xbox One , and Sony 's upcoming PlayStation 4 , do n't have built-in protections that keep them from being resold or shared . But digital-rights management and other protections are unpopular with many gamers , who argue they should be able to do what they like with a game once they 've paid for it . It 's unclear how Microsoft 's own Microsoft Games Studios will address those issues . Sony has been less open about how rights issues will be managed on its own new console . On the Xbox , offline gaming or use of a constant Internet connection has also been an issue for fans . According to another post , while the Xbox One is designed to work best with a constant broadband connection , it is not required . However , the console will need to be connected at least once every 24 hours , or once an hour if you 're logged onto a friend 's console to access your own game library . A separate blog post addressed the privacy concerns raised by an always-watching Kinect device , which is connected to the Xbox One . Gamers will be able to tailor how responsive the sensor will be and how much or little data gets transferred . The Kinect device can be paused if you do n't want to use it . Also , while the Kinect can indeed read your heart rate , facial expressions and more , none of that data leaves the console without explicit permission . The post goes on to say that Microsoft is listening to fan feedback as they refine and develop new policies for the Xbox One . Microsoft 's E3 presentation is scheduled for Monday at 12:30 p.m. ET .	Up to 10 family members will be able to access a game anywhere
With lingering questions about privacy , game trading and selling , and an "  always-on " Kinect device , Microsoft has released new details about the new Xbox One console , hoping to address issues that have had some fans in an uproar . The details come a week before the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  next week in Los Angeles and , presumably , are meant to free up the company to focus on games and features , not consumer concerns , during its major showcase there . Among the new details : Up to 10 family members will be able to log in and play purchased Xbox One games from anywhere . The unique proposition addresses concerns from fans about being able to play where they want , and when they want , in an era when game companies worry about protecting digital rights . The games also will be playable by anyone who uses the console at the buyer 's house . But what about used games ? One blog post emphasizes there will be no fee for transferring or selling games back for cash and credit on Microsoft 's part . However , the wording suggests that restrictions could come from game publishers themselves . "  Today , some gamers choose to sell their old disc-based games back for cash and credit . We designed Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating retailers , " the post reads . "  Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers , publishers , or consumers for enabling transfer of these games . " Microsoft uses the same "  game publisher can enable " language when talking about trading or giving games to your friends . There are two requirements on trading from Microsoft : the recipient must be on your friends list for at least 30 days and each game can only be given away once . What will game publishers do with this new control over used games and trading ? And how will retailers , who rely on game trades as part of their business , react ? That remains to be seen . In releasing the new details , Microsoft seeks to take the spotlight off of itself and aim it at third-party publishers . At the end of the day , it 's those publishers who have the most to lose if games on new consoles like the Xbox One , and Sony 's upcoming PlayStation 4 , do n't have built-in protections that keep them from being resold or shared . But digital-rights management and other protections are unpopular with many gamers , who argue they should be able to do what they like with a game once they 've paid for it . It 's unclear how Microsoft 's own Microsoft Games Studios will address those issues . Sony has been less open about how rights issues will be managed on its own new console . On the Xbox , offline gaming or use of a constant Internet connection has also been an issue for fans . According to another post , while the Xbox One is designed to work best with a constant broadband connection , it is not required . However , the console will need to be connected at least once every 24 hours , or once an hour if you 're logged onto a friend 's console to access your own game library . A separate blog post addressed the privacy concerns raised by an always-watching Kinect device , which is connected to the Xbox One . Gamers will be able to tailor how responsive the sensor will be and how much or little data gets transferred . The Kinect device can be paused if you do n't want to use it . Also , while the Kinect can indeed read your heart rate , facial expressions and more , none of that data leaves the console without explicit permission . The post goes on to say that Microsoft is listening to fan feedback as they refine and develop new policies for the Xbox One . Microsoft 's E3 presentation is scheduled for Monday at 12:30 p.m. ET .	Rules on sharing , reselling will be up to game publishers
With lingering questions about privacy , game trading and selling , and an "  always-on " Kinect device , Microsoft has released new details about the new Xbox One console , hoping to address issues that have had some fans in an uproar . The details come a week before the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  next week in Los Angeles and , presumably , are meant to free up the company to focus on games and features , not consumer concerns , during its major showcase there . Among the new details : Up to 10 family members will be able to log in and play purchased Xbox One games from anywhere . The unique proposition addresses concerns from fans about being able to play where they want , and when they want , in an era when game companies worry about protecting digital rights . The games also will be playable by anyone who uses the console at the buyer 's house . But what about used games ? One blog post emphasizes there will be no fee for transferring or selling games back for cash and credit on Microsoft 's part . However , the wording suggests that restrictions could come from game publishers themselves . "  Today , some gamers choose to sell their old disc-based games back for cash and credit . We designed Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating retailers , " the post reads . "  Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers , publishers , or consumers for enabling transfer of these games . " Microsoft uses the same "  game publisher can enable " language when talking about trading or giving games to your friends . There are two requirements on trading from Microsoft : the recipient must be on your friends list for at least 30 days and each game can only be given away once . What will game publishers do with this new control over used games and trading ? And how will retailers , who rely on game trades as part of their business , react ? That remains to be seen . In releasing the new details , Microsoft seeks to take the spotlight off of itself and aim it at third-party publishers . At the end of the day , it 's those publishers who have the most to lose if games on new consoles like the Xbox One , and Sony 's upcoming PlayStation 4 , do n't have built-in protections that keep them from being resold or shared . But digital-rights management and other protections are unpopular with many gamers , who argue they should be able to do what they like with a game once they 've paid for it . It 's unclear how Microsoft 's own Microsoft Games Studios will address those issues . Sony has been less open about how rights issues will be managed on its own new console . On the Xbox , offline gaming or use of a constant Internet connection has also been an issue for fans . According to another post , while the Xbox One is designed to work best with a constant broadband connection , it is not required . However , the console will need to be connected at least once every 24 hours , or once an hour if you 're logged onto a friend 's console to access your own game library . A separate blog post addressed the privacy concerns raised by an always-watching Kinect device , which is connected to the Xbox One . Gamers will be able to tailor how responsive the sensor will be and how much or little data gets transferred . The Kinect device can be paused if you do n't want to use it . Also , while the Kinect can indeed read your heart rate , facial expressions and more , none of that data leaves the console without explicit permission . The post goes on to say that Microsoft is listening to fan feedback as they refine and develop new policies for the Xbox One . Microsoft 's E3 presentation is scheduled for Monday at 12:30 p.m. ET .	"  Always-on " Internet is preferable , but not required , for the Xbox One
CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel have discovered what they believe is the bust of a Roman boxer from the second or third century . The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed , archaeologists say . "  It seems that what we have here is a unique find , " the two directors of the excavation said in a statement released Monday by the Israel Antiquities Authority . The figurine , made of marble , comes from a time when "  the art of Roman sculpture reached its zenith , " Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets said . It 's tiny -- only about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide , Ben-Ami told CNN . "  That 's why it is so impressive . It 's so small , but still you can see every little detail on the marble , " he said . The archaeologists believe a merchant family from the eastern part of the Roman Empire most likely passed down the "  precious object " through the generations until the fourth or fifth century , when an unfortunate family member had it with him at a public building , perhaps a hostel -- and an earthquake struck . A team has been digging up the building in the City of David , part of Jerusalem . The object is part of the "  silent testimony of the drama that occurred in this impressive structure prior to its collapse , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . The "  short hair style , the prominent lobes and curves of the ears , as well as the almond-shaped eyes suggest that the object most likely portrays an athlete , probably a boxer , " the statement said . Little bits of the sculpture have broken off . It is missing part of the nose and mouth , Ben-Ami said . "  The high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said in their statement . They added : "  To the best of our knowledge , to date no similar artifact made of marble  or any other kind of stone  bearing the same image that was just found has been discovered in excavations elsewhere in the country . " A few similar artifacts made of bronze have been found "  at different sites in the country and they have been found in large numbers in different places throughout the Roman Empire , where the overwhelming majority of them date to the third century CE  the Roman period  . " Two tiny holes in the figurine suggest it was used as a suspended weight together with a balance scale , the archaeologists said . Last month , the excavation team at this same site discovered "  one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever found in Jerusalem , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . "  It consists of 264 gold coins and was found at about the same time as a gold earring , inlaid with expensive pearls and remarkably well preserved . " "  Every single object has a story behind it , " Ben-Ami said in an interview with CNN . "  Behind every object there are people . And , for us , the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items . "	Archaeologists in Israel unearth tiny marble figurine
CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel have discovered what they believe is the bust of a Roman boxer from the second or third century . The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed , archaeologists say . "  It seems that what we have here is a unique find , " the two directors of the excavation said in a statement released Monday by the Israel Antiquities Authority . The figurine , made of marble , comes from a time when "  the art of Roman sculpture reached its zenith , " Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets said . It 's tiny -- only about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide , Ben-Ami told CNN . "  That 's why it is so impressive . It 's so small , but still you can see every little detail on the marble , " he said . The archaeologists believe a merchant family from the eastern part of the Roman Empire most likely passed down the "  precious object " through the generations until the fourth or fifth century , when an unfortunate family member had it with him at a public building , perhaps a hostel -- and an earthquake struck . A team has been digging up the building in the City of David , part of Jerusalem . The object is part of the "  silent testimony of the drama that occurred in this impressive structure prior to its collapse , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . The "  short hair style , the prominent lobes and curves of the ears , as well as the almond-shaped eyes suggest that the object most likely portrays an athlete , probably a boxer , " the statement said . Little bits of the sculpture have broken off . It is missing part of the nose and mouth , Ben-Ami said . "  The high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said in their statement . They added : "  To the best of our knowledge , to date no similar artifact made of marble  or any other kind of stone  bearing the same image that was just found has been discovered in excavations elsewhere in the country . " A few similar artifacts made of bronze have been found "  at different sites in the country and they have been found in large numbers in different places throughout the Roman Empire , where the overwhelming majority of them date to the third century CE  the Roman period  . " Two tiny holes in the figurine suggest it was used as a suspended weight together with a balance scale , the archaeologists said . Last month , the excavation team at this same site discovered "  one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever found in Jerusalem , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . "  It consists of 264 gold coins and was found at about the same time as a gold earring , inlaid with expensive pearls and remarkably well preserved . " "  Every single object has a story behind it , " Ben-Ami said in an interview with CNN . "  Behind every object there are people . And , for us , the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items . "	Details on bust suggest it is that of an athlete , probably a boxer
CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel have discovered what they believe is the bust of a Roman boxer from the second or third century . The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed , archaeologists say . "  It seems that what we have here is a unique find , " the two directors of the excavation said in a statement released Monday by the Israel Antiquities Authority . The figurine , made of marble , comes from a time when "  the art of Roman sculpture reached its zenith , " Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets said . It 's tiny -- only about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide , Ben-Ami told CNN . "  That 's why it is so impressive . It 's so small , but still you can see every little detail on the marble , " he said . The archaeologists believe a merchant family from the eastern part of the Roman Empire most likely passed down the "  precious object " through the generations until the fourth or fifth century , when an unfortunate family member had it with him at a public building , perhaps a hostel -- and an earthquake struck . A team has been digging up the building in the City of David , part of Jerusalem . The object is part of the "  silent testimony of the drama that occurred in this impressive structure prior to its collapse , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . The "  short hair style , the prominent lobes and curves of the ears , as well as the almond-shaped eyes suggest that the object most likely portrays an athlete , probably a boxer , " the statement said . Little bits of the sculpture have broken off . It is missing part of the nose and mouth , Ben-Ami said . "  The high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said in their statement . They added : "  To the best of our knowledge , to date no similar artifact made of marble  or any other kind of stone  bearing the same image that was just found has been discovered in excavations elsewhere in the country . " A few similar artifacts made of bronze have been found "  at different sites in the country and they have been found in large numbers in different places throughout the Roman Empire , where the overwhelming majority of them date to the third century CE  the Roman period  . " Two tiny holes in the figurine suggest it was used as a suspended weight together with a balance scale , the archaeologists said . Last month , the excavation team at this same site discovered "  one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever found in Jerusalem , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . "  It consists of 264 gold coins and was found at about the same time as a gold earring , inlaid with expensive pearls and remarkably well preserved . " "  Every single object has a story behind it , " Ben-Ami said in an interview with CNN . "  Behind every object there are people . And , for us , the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items . "	"  High level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " archaeologist says
CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel have discovered what they believe is the bust of a Roman boxer from the second or third century . The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed , archaeologists say . "  It seems that what we have here is a unique find , " the two directors of the excavation said in a statement released Monday by the Israel Antiquities Authority . The figurine , made of marble , comes from a time when "  the art of Roman sculpture reached its zenith , " Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets said . It 's tiny -- only about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide , Ben-Ami told CNN . "  That 's why it is so impressive . It 's so small , but still you can see every little detail on the marble , " he said . The archaeologists believe a merchant family from the eastern part of the Roman Empire most likely passed down the "  precious object " through the generations until the fourth or fifth century , when an unfortunate family member had it with him at a public building , perhaps a hostel -- and an earthquake struck . A team has been digging up the building in the City of David , part of Jerusalem . The object is part of the "  silent testimony of the drama that occurred in this impressive structure prior to its collapse , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . The "  short hair style , the prominent lobes and curves of the ears , as well as the almond-shaped eyes suggest that the object most likely portrays an athlete , probably a boxer , " the statement said . Little bits of the sculpture have broken off . It is missing part of the nose and mouth , Ben-Ami said . "  The high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said in their statement . They added : "  To the best of our knowledge , to date no similar artifact made of marble  or any other kind of stone  bearing the same image that was just found has been discovered in excavations elsewhere in the country . " A few similar artifacts made of bronze have been found "  at different sites in the country and they have been found in large numbers in different places throughout the Roman Empire , where the overwhelming majority of them date to the third century CE  the Roman period  . " Two tiny holes in the figurine suggest it was used as a suspended weight together with a balance scale , the archaeologists said . Last month , the excavation team at this same site discovered "  one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever found in Jerusalem , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . "  It consists of 264 gold coins and was found at about the same time as a gold earring , inlaid with expensive pearls and remarkably well preserved . " "  Every single object has a story behind it , " Ben-Ami said in an interview with CNN . "  Behind every object there are people . And , for us , the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items . "	Stash of gold coins was found last month at the same site
CNN  Eleven channels associated with the French-language global television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "  extremely powerful cyberattack , " the network 's director said . In addition to its 11 channels , TV5Monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook . On a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was "  hacked by an Islamist group . " ISIS logos and markings could be seen on some TV5Monde social media accounts . But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group . The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time  4 p.m. ET  , and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later . According to France 's Ministry of Culture and Communications , TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment , news and culturing programming in French that reaches 260 million homes worldwide . It functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of France , Canada and Switzerland , as well as the Wallonia-Brussels Federation . Other networks that provide content to TV5Monde include CNN affiliates France 2 and France 3 , France 24 and Radio France International .	TV5Monde went black late Wednesday and was still out hours later
CNN  Eleven channels associated with the French-language global television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "  extremely powerful cyberattack , " the network 's director said . In addition to its 11 channels , TV5Monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook . On a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was "  hacked by an Islamist group . " ISIS logos and markings could be seen on some TV5Monde social media accounts . But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group . The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time  4 p.m. ET  , and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later . According to France 's Ministry of Culture and Communications , TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment , news and culturing programming in French that reaches 260 million homes worldwide . It functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of France , Canada and Switzerland , as well as the Wallonia-Brussels Federation . Other networks that provide content to TV5Monde include CNN affiliates France 2 and France 3 , France 24 and Radio France International .	The network blames an "  Islamist group " ; there 's no claim of responsibility
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber will not face a felony charge of robbery despite a woman 's claim the singer tried to steal her cell phone last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney decided the incident at a miniature golf course on May 12 "  does not warrant felony prosecution , " according to a document obtained by CNN Thursday . The case will now go to the Los Angeles city attorney to decide if a misdemeanor charge will be filed against Bieber , the "  evaluation worksheet " released by the prosecutor 's office said . A woman filed the robbery complaint against Bieber on May 13 , a day after the alleged incident happened and hours after she reported it to the celebrity website TMZ , the document said . Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy The accuser told Los Angeles Police Department robbery/homicide detectives that the incident began after she used her iPhone to take a photo of Bieber at the batting cages in the Sherman Oaks Castle Park . She put her phone away in her purse when the singer 's bodyguard asked her to not take pictures , she said . Bieber "  then approached and accused her of videotaping him , " she told police . "  He demanded to see her phone , then reached into her purse and pulled the phone out , " the document said . Bieber and the woman "  tussled over it for a moment , " she said . "  I 'm not recording , I 'll show you , " she said she told police . After she showed Bieber her phone , he told her : "  Why do n't you leave , you 're embarrassing your daughter . " Her 13-year-old daughter began to cry , the woman said . The daughter later told investigators she was already crying from the excitement of being near Justin Bieber . None of the nine park employees interviewed by police witnessed "  any kind of physical altercation or tug-of-war , " the report said . No security cameras were in a position to capture video of the scene . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' Bieber posted a series of tweets days after the incident , lamenting all the "  rumors " he 's facing . "  It is hard to defend myself and my privacy every moment of the day ... The truth will set u free , " he tweeted . A source who 's close to Bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident . "  Justin was just enjoying hanging out with friends at the batting cage and playing mini-golf , " the source told CNN . "  This just was n't a big deal . " "  The woman did n't stand out , " the source said . "  There were plenty of people taking pictures , some more aggressive than others ... which is totally normal . ... This is another example of someone making an issue where there is n't one . " Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey is still considering if and how to prosecute Bieber for an alleged egging of his neighbor 's home in January . Investigators asked for a felony vandalism charge against him when they presented their evidence .	The Los Angeles DA concludes incident "  does not warrant felony prosecution "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber will not face a felony charge of robbery despite a woman 's claim the singer tried to steal her cell phone last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney decided the incident at a miniature golf course on May 12 "  does not warrant felony prosecution , " according to a document obtained by CNN Thursday . The case will now go to the Los Angeles city attorney to decide if a misdemeanor charge will be filed against Bieber , the "  evaluation worksheet " released by the prosecutor 's office said . A woman filed the robbery complaint against Bieber on May 13 , a day after the alleged incident happened and hours after she reported it to the celebrity website TMZ , the document said . Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy The accuser told Los Angeles Police Department robbery/homicide detectives that the incident began after she used her iPhone to take a photo of Bieber at the batting cages in the Sherman Oaks Castle Park . She put her phone away in her purse when the singer 's bodyguard asked her to not take pictures , she said . Bieber "  then approached and accused her of videotaping him , " she told police . "  He demanded to see her phone , then reached into her purse and pulled the phone out , " the document said . Bieber and the woman "  tussled over it for a moment , " she said . "  I 'm not recording , I 'll show you , " she said she told police . After she showed Bieber her phone , he told her : "  Why do n't you leave , you 're embarrassing your daughter . " Her 13-year-old daughter began to cry , the woman said . The daughter later told investigators she was already crying from the excitement of being near Justin Bieber . None of the nine park employees interviewed by police witnessed "  any kind of physical altercation or tug-of-war , " the report said . No security cameras were in a position to capture video of the scene . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' Bieber posted a series of tweets days after the incident , lamenting all the "  rumors " he 's facing . "  It is hard to defend myself and my privacy every moment of the day ... The truth will set u free , " he tweeted . A source who 's close to Bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident . "  Justin was just enjoying hanging out with friends at the batting cage and playing mini-golf , " the source told CNN . "  This just was n't a big deal . " "  The woman did n't stand out , " the source said . "  There were plenty of people taking pictures , some more aggressive than others ... which is totally normal . ... This is another example of someone making an issue where there is n't one . " Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey is still considering if and how to prosecute Bieber for an alleged egging of his neighbor 's home in January . Investigators asked for a felony vandalism charge against him when they presented their evidence .	The city prosecutor must decide if the cell phone incident justifies a misdemeanor case
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber will not face a felony charge of robbery despite a woman 's claim the singer tried to steal her cell phone last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney decided the incident at a miniature golf course on May 12 "  does not warrant felony prosecution , " according to a document obtained by CNN Thursday . The case will now go to the Los Angeles city attorney to decide if a misdemeanor charge will be filed against Bieber , the "  evaluation worksheet " released by the prosecutor 's office said . A woman filed the robbery complaint against Bieber on May 13 , a day after the alleged incident happened and hours after she reported it to the celebrity website TMZ , the document said . Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy The accuser told Los Angeles Police Department robbery/homicide detectives that the incident began after she used her iPhone to take a photo of Bieber at the batting cages in the Sherman Oaks Castle Park . She put her phone away in her purse when the singer 's bodyguard asked her to not take pictures , she said . Bieber "  then approached and accused her of videotaping him , " she told police . "  He demanded to see her phone , then reached into her purse and pulled the phone out , " the document said . Bieber and the woman "  tussled over it for a moment , " she said . "  I 'm not recording , I 'll show you , " she said she told police . After she showed Bieber her phone , he told her : "  Why do n't you leave , you 're embarrassing your daughter . " Her 13-year-old daughter began to cry , the woman said . The daughter later told investigators she was already crying from the excitement of being near Justin Bieber . None of the nine park employees interviewed by police witnessed "  any kind of physical altercation or tug-of-war , " the report said . No security cameras were in a position to capture video of the scene . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' Bieber posted a series of tweets days after the incident , lamenting all the "  rumors " he 's facing . "  It is hard to defend myself and my privacy every moment of the day ... The truth will set u free , " he tweeted . A source who 's close to Bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident . "  Justin was just enjoying hanging out with friends at the batting cage and playing mini-golf , " the source told CNN . "  This just was n't a big deal . " "  The woman did n't stand out , " the source said . "  There were plenty of people taking pictures , some more aggressive than others ... which is totally normal . ... This is another example of someone making an issue where there is n't one . " Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey is still considering if and how to prosecute Bieber for an alleged egging of his neighbor 's home in January . Investigators asked for a felony vandalism charge against him when they presented their evidence .	The accuser called TMZ before calling police about the batting cage "  tussle " with Bieber
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber will not face a felony charge of robbery despite a woman 's claim the singer tried to steal her cell phone last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney decided the incident at a miniature golf course on May 12 "  does not warrant felony prosecution , " according to a document obtained by CNN Thursday . The case will now go to the Los Angeles city attorney to decide if a misdemeanor charge will be filed against Bieber , the "  evaluation worksheet " released by the prosecutor 's office said . A woman filed the robbery complaint against Bieber on May 13 , a day after the alleged incident happened and hours after she reported it to the celebrity website TMZ , the document said . Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy The accuser told Los Angeles Police Department robbery/homicide detectives that the incident began after she used her iPhone to take a photo of Bieber at the batting cages in the Sherman Oaks Castle Park . She put her phone away in her purse when the singer 's bodyguard asked her to not take pictures , she said . Bieber "  then approached and accused her of videotaping him , " she told police . "  He demanded to see her phone , then reached into her purse and pulled the phone out , " the document said . Bieber and the woman "  tussled over it for a moment , " she said . "  I 'm not recording , I 'll show you , " she said she told police . After she showed Bieber her phone , he told her : "  Why do n't you leave , you 're embarrassing your daughter . " Her 13-year-old daughter began to cry , the woman said . The daughter later told investigators she was already crying from the excitement of being near Justin Bieber . None of the nine park employees interviewed by police witnessed "  any kind of physical altercation or tug-of-war , " the report said . No security cameras were in a position to capture video of the scene . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' Bieber posted a series of tweets days after the incident , lamenting all the "  rumors " he 's facing . "  It is hard to defend myself and my privacy every moment of the day ... The truth will set u free , " he tweeted . A source who 's close to Bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident . "  Justin was just enjoying hanging out with friends at the batting cage and playing mini-golf , " the source told CNN . "  This just was n't a big deal . " "  The woman did n't stand out , " the source said . "  There were plenty of people taking pictures , some more aggressive than others ... which is totally normal . ... This is another example of someone making an issue where there is n't one . " Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey is still considering if and how to prosecute Bieber for an alleged egging of his neighbor 's home in January . Investigators asked for a felony vandalism charge against him when they presented their evidence .	Bieber still faces a possible felony vandalism charge over egging of his neighbor 's home
Quetta , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bombing tore through the funeral of a police official in the Pakistani city of Quetta Thursday , killing 30 people -- as well as the bomber -- and wounding at least 40 others , said Quetta Police Inspector Gen. Mushtaq Sukhera . The blast happened as people lined up for a funeral procession at a mosque , Quetta Police Chief Mir Zubair Mehmood said . Most of the victims were policemen , he said . Many of the wounded were taken to Quetta 's Combined Military Hospital . Doctors there said more than 30 security officials were among the injured , and that 12 people were critically injured . Three children among 7 killed in Pakistan blast , police say The police official for whom the funeral was held had been shot dead earlier Thursday , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and outgoing President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the bombing in a statement , the APP reported . Pakistani artists challenging YouTube ban Journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad , Pakistan , and CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Report : Blast happened at funeral of police official who was killed earlier that day
Quetta , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bombing tore through the funeral of a police official in the Pakistani city of Quetta Thursday , killing 30 people -- as well as the bomber -- and wounding at least 40 others , said Quetta Police Inspector Gen. Mushtaq Sukhera . The blast happened as people lined up for a funeral procession at a mosque , Quetta Police Chief Mir Zubair Mehmood said . Most of the victims were policemen , he said . Many of the wounded were taken to Quetta 's Combined Military Hospital . Doctors there said more than 30 security officials were among the injured , and that 12 people were critically injured . Three children among 7 killed in Pakistan blast , police say The police official for whom the funeral was held had been shot dead earlier Thursday , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and outgoing President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the bombing in a statement , the APP reported . Pakistani artists challenging YouTube ban Journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad , Pakistan , and CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	At least 40 people wounded ; about half were policemen , official says
Quetta , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bombing tore through the funeral of a police official in the Pakistani city of Quetta Thursday , killing 30 people -- as well as the bomber -- and wounding at least 40 others , said Quetta Police Inspector Gen. Mushtaq Sukhera . The blast happened as people lined up for a funeral procession at a mosque , Quetta Police Chief Mir Zubair Mehmood said . Most of the victims were policemen , he said . Many of the wounded were taken to Quetta 's Combined Military Hospital . Doctors there said more than 30 security officials were among the injured , and that 12 people were critically injured . Three children among 7 killed in Pakistan blast , police say The police official for whom the funeral was held had been shot dead earlier Thursday , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and outgoing President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the bombing in a statement , the APP reported . Pakistani artists challenging YouTube ban Journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad , Pakistan , and CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Explosion came as people lined up for funeral procession at mosque in Quetta , official says
CNN  -- A municipal police officer was shot and killed late Thursday while standing guard at a local government booth inside a mall in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Friday . The officer was gunned down by three people who were trying to rob the booth , which is a place where local residents can pay their annual homeowners tax , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . "  As of right now , we do not believe this had anything to do with the ongoing drug violence in the city , " he said . "  The suspects were detained and are being processed . " Photos from the scene taken just after the officer was shot showed mall patrons running for cover . The gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist Arturo Chacon said . Also , around 4 a.m. Friday , a man who was being chased by gunmen in several cars drove to a municipal police station in Juarez looking for help , Sanchez said , leading to a 15-minute gunfight . "  It would be wrong to say the attack was on the police officers , " he said . "  An injured man looking for help was being chased , and he came to us . That 's when we encountered the gun battle . " No officers were injured , and the shooters fled . Since October 2010 , at least 26 municipal police officers have been killed in Ciudad Juarez , Sanchez said . Local journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Three people tried to rob local government booth that officer was guarding
CNN  -- A municipal police officer was shot and killed late Thursday while standing guard at a local government booth inside a mall in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Friday . The officer was gunned down by three people who were trying to rob the booth , which is a place where local residents can pay their annual homeowners tax , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . "  As of right now , we do not believe this had anything to do with the ongoing drug violence in the city , " he said . "  The suspects were detained and are being processed . " Photos from the scene taken just after the officer was shot showed mall patrons running for cover . The gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist Arturo Chacon said . Also , around 4 a.m. Friday , a man who was being chased by gunmen in several cars drove to a municipal police station in Juarez looking for help , Sanchez said , leading to a 15-minute gunfight . "  It would be wrong to say the attack was on the police officers , " he said . "  An injured man looking for help was being chased , and he came to us . That 's when we encountered the gun battle . " No officers were injured , and the shooters fled . Since October 2010 , at least 26 municipal police officers have been killed in Ciudad Juarez , Sanchez said . Local journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist says
CNN  -- A municipal police officer was shot and killed late Thursday while standing guard at a local government booth inside a mall in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Friday . The officer was gunned down by three people who were trying to rob the booth , which is a place where local residents can pay their annual homeowners tax , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . "  As of right now , we do not believe this had anything to do with the ongoing drug violence in the city , " he said . "  The suspects were detained and are being processed . " Photos from the scene taken just after the officer was shot showed mall patrons running for cover . The gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist Arturo Chacon said . Also , around 4 a.m. Friday , a man who was being chased by gunmen in several cars drove to a municipal police station in Juarez looking for help , Sanchez said , leading to a 15-minute gunfight . "  It would be wrong to say the attack was on the police officers , " he said . "  An injured man looking for help was being chased , and he came to us . That 's when we encountered the gun battle . " No officers were injured , and the shooters fled . Since October 2010 , at least 26 municipal police officers have been killed in Ciudad Juarez , Sanchez said . Local journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Violence not thought to be drug-related , police spokesman says
CNN  -- A municipal police officer was shot and killed late Thursday while standing guard at a local government booth inside a mall in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Friday . The officer was gunned down by three people who were trying to rob the booth , which is a place where local residents can pay their annual homeowners tax , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . "  As of right now , we do not believe this had anything to do with the ongoing drug violence in the city , " he said . "  The suspects were detained and are being processed . " Photos from the scene taken just after the officer was shot showed mall patrons running for cover . The gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist Arturo Chacon said . Also , around 4 a.m. Friday , a man who was being chased by gunmen in several cars drove to a municipal police station in Juarez looking for help , Sanchez said , leading to a 15-minute gunfight . "  It would be wrong to say the attack was on the police officers , " he said . "  An injured man looking for help was being chased , and he came to us . That 's when we encountered the gun battle . " No officers were injured , and the shooters fled . Since October 2010 , at least 26 municipal police officers have been killed in Ciudad Juarez , Sanchez said . Local journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Later , in separate shooting , chase leads to 15-minute gunfight at Juarez police station
CNN  -- The label on the package claimed that it contained T-shirts and baby toys . When customs officials in Sydney scanned the parcel , they found five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . But when customs officials in Sydney X-ray scanned the parcel , they found instead five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . On Tuesday , authorities raided the house in Sydney to which the parcel had been addressed . Officials seized evidence but expect to file charges later , the customs agency said . Importing live animals without a permit is illegal in Australia and can yield a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 110,000 Australian dollars  $ 92,000 U.S.  . The parcel was sent from the United States last week , but officials would not say specifically where it had been mailed from . The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers , the customs agency said . The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk , the agency said in a press release . It titled the press release : "  Spiders and snakes on a plane . "	Customs officials in Australia find pythons and tarantulas in package
CNN  -- The label on the package claimed that it contained T-shirts and baby toys . When customs officials in Sydney scanned the parcel , they found five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . But when customs officials in Sydney X-ray scanned the parcel , they found instead five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . On Tuesday , authorities raided the house in Sydney to which the parcel had been addressed . Officials seized evidence but expect to file charges later , the customs agency said . Importing live animals without a permit is illegal in Australia and can yield a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 110,000 Australian dollars  $ 92,000 U.S.  . The parcel was sent from the United States last week , but officials would not say specifically where it had been mailed from . The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers , the customs agency said . The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk , the agency said in a press release . It titled the press release : "  Spiders and snakes on a plane . "	The parcel had been sent from the United States
CNN  -- The label on the package claimed that it contained T-shirts and baby toys . When customs officials in Sydney scanned the parcel , they found five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . But when customs officials in Sydney X-ray scanned the parcel , they found instead five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . On Tuesday , authorities raided the house in Sydney to which the parcel had been addressed . Officials seized evidence but expect to file charges later , the customs agency said . Importing live animals without a permit is illegal in Australia and can yield a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 110,000 Australian dollars  $ 92,000 U.S.  . The parcel was sent from the United States last week , but officials would not say specifically where it had been mailed from . The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers , the customs agency said . The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk , the agency said in a press release . It titled the press release : "  Spiders and snakes on a plane . "	The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk
CNN  Job one for newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of Freddie Gray , 25 . Gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in Baltimore . Lynch 's job wo n't be easy : As the nation 's top law enforcement officer , she takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations , and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control . But as events in Baltimore demonstrate , too many local departments are n't getting the message . Lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons : the power to withhold federal funds from local departments . More about that in a moment . The first order of business will be to re-establish order in Baltimore , where the National Guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared . "  In the days ahead , I intend to work with leaders throughout Baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents , " Lynch said within hours of being sworn in on Monday . "  And I will bring the full resources of the Department of Justice to bear in protecting those under threat , investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence . " A key part of that vow -- "  investigating wrongdoing " -- must include a close look at the Baltimore Police Department , which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality . According to a major investigation by The Baltimore Sun published last fall , the city has paid out $ 5.7 million in court judgments or settlements to more than 100 people since 2011 in connection with allegations of brutality and/or violations of civil rights . "  Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws , noses , arms , legs , ankles -- head trauma , organ failure , and even death , coming during questionable arrests . Some residents were beaten while handcuffed ; others were thrown to the pavement , " the Sun expose says . "  And in almost every case , prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims -- if charges were filed at all . " That kind of behavior helped set the stage for the riots and looting we now see . Lynch has already launched a probe of the death of Freddie Gray , and the Justice Department is also investigating the recent videotaped police killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , where an officer has been arrested and charged with murder . As attorney general , Lynch has several tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior . A Justice Department program called Community Oriented Policing Services , launched in 2011 , helps local departments implement best practices . The COPS program 's effectiveness will surely come under question , since Baltimore was one of the eight departments participating in the voluntary program . Lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms , a power conferred by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . The provision was a result of the 1991 videotaped police beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles cops and the riot that ensued when the officers were acquitted . The Obama administration has sued local departments 15 times -- more than either the Clinton or Bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of departments including those in Cleveland , Miami , and Ferguson , Missouri . But even those tough remedies may not be working , according to the Marshall Project , a nonprofit news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues . "  Even where local leaders have embraced Washington 's prescriptions , Justice Department officials have increasingly found themselves returning to grapple a second time with problems they thought they had fixed , " writes reporter Simone Weichselbaum , noting that "  recurring problems have emerged in police departments in Miami , New Orleans and New Jersey , all of which had promised to carry out major changes in response to Justice Department investigations that turned up evidence of discriminatory policing . " That leaves Lynch with a final , even tougher weapon : the power , under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , to deny federal law enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices . Lynch 's predecessor as attorney general , Eric Holder , generally refrained from yanking funds , although in 2013 he did deny drug forfeiture money to the sheriff 's office in Alamance County , North Carolina , claiming the department was unlawfully targeting Latinos for traffic stops . The sheriff of Alamance County sued the Justice Department and the case remains unresolved -- but it underscores the fact that Lynch has the power to press local departments , legally and financially , to curb local abuses . She should invoke the power where necessary and calm cities like Baltimore as the nation heads into what could be a long , hot summer of unrest .	Errol Louis : New AG Loretta Lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices
CNN  Job one for newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of Freddie Gray , 25 . Gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in Baltimore . Lynch 's job wo n't be easy : As the nation 's top law enforcement officer , she takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations , and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control . But as events in Baltimore demonstrate , too many local departments are n't getting the message . Lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons : the power to withhold federal funds from local departments . More about that in a moment . The first order of business will be to re-establish order in Baltimore , where the National Guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared . "  In the days ahead , I intend to work with leaders throughout Baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents , " Lynch said within hours of being sworn in on Monday . "  And I will bring the full resources of the Department of Justice to bear in protecting those under threat , investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence . " A key part of that vow -- "  investigating wrongdoing " -- must include a close look at the Baltimore Police Department , which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality . According to a major investigation by The Baltimore Sun published last fall , the city has paid out $ 5.7 million in court judgments or settlements to more than 100 people since 2011 in connection with allegations of brutality and/or violations of civil rights . "  Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws , noses , arms , legs , ankles -- head trauma , organ failure , and even death , coming during questionable arrests . Some residents were beaten while handcuffed ; others were thrown to the pavement , " the Sun expose says . "  And in almost every case , prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims -- if charges were filed at all . " That kind of behavior helped set the stage for the riots and looting we now see . Lynch has already launched a probe of the death of Freddie Gray , and the Justice Department is also investigating the recent videotaped police killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , where an officer has been arrested and charged with murder . As attorney general , Lynch has several tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior . A Justice Department program called Community Oriented Policing Services , launched in 2011 , helps local departments implement best practices . The COPS program 's effectiveness will surely come under question , since Baltimore was one of the eight departments participating in the voluntary program . Lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms , a power conferred by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . The provision was a result of the 1991 videotaped police beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles cops and the riot that ensued when the officers were acquitted . The Obama administration has sued local departments 15 times -- more than either the Clinton or Bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of departments including those in Cleveland , Miami , and Ferguson , Missouri . But even those tough remedies may not be working , according to the Marshall Project , a nonprofit news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues . "  Even where local leaders have embraced Washington 's prescriptions , Justice Department officials have increasingly found themselves returning to grapple a second time with problems they thought they had fixed , " writes reporter Simone Weichselbaum , noting that "  recurring problems have emerged in police departments in Miami , New Orleans and New Jersey , all of which had promised to carry out major changes in response to Justice Department investigations that turned up evidence of discriminatory policing . " That leaves Lynch with a final , even tougher weapon : the power , under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , to deny federal law enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices . Lynch 's predecessor as attorney general , Eric Holder , generally refrained from yanking funds , although in 2013 he did deny drug forfeiture money to the sheriff 's office in Alamance County , North Carolina , claiming the department was unlawfully targeting Latinos for traffic stops . The sheriff of Alamance County sued the Justice Department and the case remains unresolved -- but it underscores the fact that Lynch has the power to press local departments , legally and financially , to curb local abuses . She should invoke the power where necessary and calm cities like Baltimore as the nation heads into what could be a long , hot summer of unrest .	He says Baltimore case shows too many local departments not getting message
CNN  Job one for newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of Freddie Gray , 25 . Gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in Baltimore . Lynch 's job wo n't be easy : As the nation 's top law enforcement officer , she takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations , and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control . But as events in Baltimore demonstrate , too many local departments are n't getting the message . Lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons : the power to withhold federal funds from local departments . More about that in a moment . The first order of business will be to re-establish order in Baltimore , where the National Guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared . "  In the days ahead , I intend to work with leaders throughout Baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents , " Lynch said within hours of being sworn in on Monday . "  And I will bring the full resources of the Department of Justice to bear in protecting those under threat , investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence . " A key part of that vow -- "  investigating wrongdoing " -- must include a close look at the Baltimore Police Department , which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality . According to a major investigation by The Baltimore Sun published last fall , the city has paid out $ 5.7 million in court judgments or settlements to more than 100 people since 2011 in connection with allegations of brutality and/or violations of civil rights . "  Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws , noses , arms , legs , ankles -- head trauma , organ failure , and even death , coming during questionable arrests . Some residents were beaten while handcuffed ; others were thrown to the pavement , " the Sun expose says . "  And in almost every case , prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims -- if charges were filed at all . " That kind of behavior helped set the stage for the riots and looting we now see . Lynch has already launched a probe of the death of Freddie Gray , and the Justice Department is also investigating the recent videotaped police killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , where an officer has been arrested and charged with murder . As attorney general , Lynch has several tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior . A Justice Department program called Community Oriented Policing Services , launched in 2011 , helps local departments implement best practices . The COPS program 's effectiveness will surely come under question , since Baltimore was one of the eight departments participating in the voluntary program . Lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms , a power conferred by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . The provision was a result of the 1991 videotaped police beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles cops and the riot that ensued when the officers were acquitted . The Obama administration has sued local departments 15 times -- more than either the Clinton or Bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of departments including those in Cleveland , Miami , and Ferguson , Missouri . But even those tough remedies may not be working , according to the Marshall Project , a nonprofit news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues . "  Even where local leaders have embraced Washington 's prescriptions , Justice Department officials have increasingly found themselves returning to grapple a second time with problems they thought they had fixed , " writes reporter Simone Weichselbaum , noting that "  recurring problems have emerged in police departments in Miami , New Orleans and New Jersey , all of which had promised to carry out major changes in response to Justice Department investigations that turned up evidence of discriminatory policing . " That leaves Lynch with a final , even tougher weapon : the power , under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , to deny federal law enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices . Lynch 's predecessor as attorney general , Eric Holder , generally refrained from yanking funds , although in 2013 he did deny drug forfeiture money to the sheriff 's office in Alamance County , North Carolina , claiming the department was unlawfully targeting Latinos for traffic stops . The sheriff of Alamance County sued the Justice Department and the case remains unresolved -- but it underscores the fact that Lynch has the power to press local departments , legally and financially , to curb local abuses . She should invoke the power where necessary and calm cities like Baltimore as the nation heads into what could be a long , hot summer of unrest .	Lynch will have to apply range of tough measures to fix this , Louis says
CNN  -- Considered one of modern Africa 's founding fathers , Zambia 's first President Kenneth Kaunda has spent much of his life fighting some of Africa 's toughest battles . From his struggles against the racism and oppression of colonial rule in the 1950s to the fight against AIDS today , it 's been an eventful life for Zambia 's former leader . Kaunda 's rise to prominence started in the early 1950s , a time of growing political unrest in the region . Independence movements across Africa were gaining momentum and activists , becoming ever more defiant , were demanding the end of colonialism and the right to self government . In Northern Rhodesia -- soon to become Zambia -- Kaunda was in the midst of the struggles , fighting against a repressive and racist regime , he explained to CNN . "  We were going to defy unjust laws , conditions of slavery more or less ... There was segregation of the worst form . " He continued : "  Schools for whites , schools for blacks , hospitals for whites , few hospitals for blacks . And so it went on . Everywhere there was racial discrimination . " But his fight for independence was not without consequence and in 1959 Kaunda was arrested and jailed for ten months . For Kaunda , prison was an inevitable part of the fight for freedom . "  I think I succeeded in the end but it meant going into prison defying unjust laws , being arrested by the police , beaten up , thrown into prison , " he said . "  You come out and you still continue and we did this and in the end thank God we succeeded . " After his release in January 1960 Kaunda became leader of the newly formed United National Independence Party  UNIP  and in 1964 after elections and much political wrangling , Zambia was finally granted independence from the British with Kaunda as its president . It was a presidency which was to last 27 years , but under one party rule . A decision highly criticized , with many accusing Kaunda of presiding over a dictatorship . But Kaunda has remained defiant about his decision to form a one-party state , telling CNN : "  My colleagues and I decided we 're going to go into one party . The reason for that , there was no way , no way at all in which we could have fought and defeated colonialism all around us , with so many parties in Zambia at that time . No way at all . He continued : "  No , I have never been a dictator . It was a bargain with the people . But even then I knew it was not the best thing to do . But in that situation it was the only way out . " In 1990 Kaunda finally legalized opposition parties setting the stage for free , multi-party elections , which took place in 1991 . The elections saw the end of Kaunda 's leadership with Frederick Chiluba from the Movement for Multiparty Democracy coming to power . Now , after 20 years away from the political spotlight , Kaunda is still campaigning . His major battle today is the fight against HIV/AIDS , a disease running rampant throughout his country , affecting one in eight Zambians . It 's a cause close to the former leader 's heart and one which has affected him personally . "  My own child , one of them , died of Aids . A brilliant boy , " Kaunda told CNN . "  He died of AIDS but that 's not the reason why I am fighting AIDS . I fight AIDS because it 's a killer disease , destroys the human race in all fields . " It 's this constant will to fight that leaves Kaunda positive about the future of his country and Africa . This despite the many challenges ahead . "  I 'm very hopeful that things will come right , " he said to CNN . "  Because you see there was a time when a leader went wrong and they became an oppressor ... but today things have begun to change . "  The struggle , the condemnation is quite often within the continent of Africa . It 's a good beginning towards a realization of what , democracy is right in this world , east , west , north , south . So I 'm confident that we have begun to grow . " Susannah Palk contributed to this report	Kenneth Kaunda became Zambia 's first President after independence in 1964
CNN  -- Considered one of modern Africa 's founding fathers , Zambia 's first President Kenneth Kaunda has spent much of his life fighting some of Africa 's toughest battles . From his struggles against the racism and oppression of colonial rule in the 1950s to the fight against AIDS today , it 's been an eventful life for Zambia 's former leader . Kaunda 's rise to prominence started in the early 1950s , a time of growing political unrest in the region . Independence movements across Africa were gaining momentum and activists , becoming ever more defiant , were demanding the end of colonialism and the right to self government . In Northern Rhodesia -- soon to become Zambia -- Kaunda was in the midst of the struggles , fighting against a repressive and racist regime , he explained to CNN . "  We were going to defy unjust laws , conditions of slavery more or less ... There was segregation of the worst form . " He continued : "  Schools for whites , schools for blacks , hospitals for whites , few hospitals for blacks . And so it went on . Everywhere there was racial discrimination . " But his fight for independence was not without consequence and in 1959 Kaunda was arrested and jailed for ten months . For Kaunda , prison was an inevitable part of the fight for freedom . "  I think I succeeded in the end but it meant going into prison defying unjust laws , being arrested by the police , beaten up , thrown into prison , " he said . "  You come out and you still continue and we did this and in the end thank God we succeeded . " After his release in January 1960 Kaunda became leader of the newly formed United National Independence Party  UNIP  and in 1964 after elections and much political wrangling , Zambia was finally granted independence from the British with Kaunda as its president . It was a presidency which was to last 27 years , but under one party rule . A decision highly criticized , with many accusing Kaunda of presiding over a dictatorship . But Kaunda has remained defiant about his decision to form a one-party state , telling CNN : "  My colleagues and I decided we 're going to go into one party . The reason for that , there was no way , no way at all in which we could have fought and defeated colonialism all around us , with so many parties in Zambia at that time . No way at all . He continued : "  No , I have never been a dictator . It was a bargain with the people . But even then I knew it was not the best thing to do . But in that situation it was the only way out . " In 1990 Kaunda finally legalized opposition parties setting the stage for free , multi-party elections , which took place in 1991 . The elections saw the end of Kaunda 's leadership with Frederick Chiluba from the Movement for Multiparty Democracy coming to power . Now , after 20 years away from the political spotlight , Kaunda is still campaigning . His major battle today is the fight against HIV/AIDS , a disease running rampant throughout his country , affecting one in eight Zambians . It 's a cause close to the former leader 's heart and one which has affected him personally . "  My own child , one of them , died of Aids . A brilliant boy , " Kaunda told CNN . "  He died of AIDS but that 's not the reason why I am fighting AIDS . I fight AIDS because it 's a killer disease , destroys the human race in all fields . " It 's this constant will to fight that leaves Kaunda positive about the future of his country and Africa . This despite the many challenges ahead . "  I 'm very hopeful that things will come right , " he said to CNN . "  Because you see there was a time when a leader went wrong and they became an oppressor ... but today things have begun to change . "  The struggle , the condemnation is quite often within the continent of Africa . It 's a good beginning towards a realization of what , democracy is right in this world , east , west , north , south . So I 'm confident that we have begun to grow . " Susannah Palk contributed to this report	During the country 's struggles , Kaunda was jailed twice by the colonial authorities
CNN  -- Considered one of modern Africa 's founding fathers , Zambia 's first President Kenneth Kaunda has spent much of his life fighting some of Africa 's toughest battles . From his struggles against the racism and oppression of colonial rule in the 1950s to the fight against AIDS today , it 's been an eventful life for Zambia 's former leader . Kaunda 's rise to prominence started in the early 1950s , a time of growing political unrest in the region . Independence movements across Africa were gaining momentum and activists , becoming ever more defiant , were demanding the end of colonialism and the right to self government . In Northern Rhodesia -- soon to become Zambia -- Kaunda was in the midst of the struggles , fighting against a repressive and racist regime , he explained to CNN . "  We were going to defy unjust laws , conditions of slavery more or less ... There was segregation of the worst form . " He continued : "  Schools for whites , schools for blacks , hospitals for whites , few hospitals for blacks . And so it went on . Everywhere there was racial discrimination . " But his fight for independence was not without consequence and in 1959 Kaunda was arrested and jailed for ten months . For Kaunda , prison was an inevitable part of the fight for freedom . "  I think I succeeded in the end but it meant going into prison defying unjust laws , being arrested by the police , beaten up , thrown into prison , " he said . "  You come out and you still continue and we did this and in the end thank God we succeeded . " After his release in January 1960 Kaunda became leader of the newly formed United National Independence Party  UNIP  and in 1964 after elections and much political wrangling , Zambia was finally granted independence from the British with Kaunda as its president . It was a presidency which was to last 27 years , but under one party rule . A decision highly criticized , with many accusing Kaunda of presiding over a dictatorship . But Kaunda has remained defiant about his decision to form a one-party state , telling CNN : "  My colleagues and I decided we 're going to go into one party . The reason for that , there was no way , no way at all in which we could have fought and defeated colonialism all around us , with so many parties in Zambia at that time . No way at all . He continued : "  No , I have never been a dictator . It was a bargain with the people . But even then I knew it was not the best thing to do . But in that situation it was the only way out . " In 1990 Kaunda finally legalized opposition parties setting the stage for free , multi-party elections , which took place in 1991 . The elections saw the end of Kaunda 's leadership with Frederick Chiluba from the Movement for Multiparty Democracy coming to power . Now , after 20 years away from the political spotlight , Kaunda is still campaigning . His major battle today is the fight against HIV/AIDS , a disease running rampant throughout his country , affecting one in eight Zambians . It 's a cause close to the former leader 's heart and one which has affected him personally . "  My own child , one of them , died of Aids . A brilliant boy , " Kaunda told CNN . "  He died of AIDS but that 's not the reason why I am fighting AIDS . I fight AIDS because it 's a killer disease , destroys the human race in all fields . " It 's this constant will to fight that leaves Kaunda positive about the future of his country and Africa . This despite the many challenges ahead . "  I 'm very hopeful that things will come right , " he said to CNN . "  Because you see there was a time when a leader went wrong and they became an oppressor ... but today things have begun to change . "  The struggle , the condemnation is quite often within the continent of Africa . It 's a good beginning towards a realization of what , democracy is right in this world , east , west , north , south . So I 'm confident that we have begun to grow . " Susannah Palk contributed to this report	Once in power , he governed for 27 years under one-party rule
CNN  -- Considered one of modern Africa 's founding fathers , Zambia 's first President Kenneth Kaunda has spent much of his life fighting some of Africa 's toughest battles . From his struggles against the racism and oppression of colonial rule in the 1950s to the fight against AIDS today , it 's been an eventful life for Zambia 's former leader . Kaunda 's rise to prominence started in the early 1950s , a time of growing political unrest in the region . Independence movements across Africa were gaining momentum and activists , becoming ever more defiant , were demanding the end of colonialism and the right to self government . In Northern Rhodesia -- soon to become Zambia -- Kaunda was in the midst of the struggles , fighting against a repressive and racist regime , he explained to CNN . "  We were going to defy unjust laws , conditions of slavery more or less ... There was segregation of the worst form . " He continued : "  Schools for whites , schools for blacks , hospitals for whites , few hospitals for blacks . And so it went on . Everywhere there was racial discrimination . " But his fight for independence was not without consequence and in 1959 Kaunda was arrested and jailed for ten months . For Kaunda , prison was an inevitable part of the fight for freedom . "  I think I succeeded in the end but it meant going into prison defying unjust laws , being arrested by the police , beaten up , thrown into prison , " he said . "  You come out and you still continue and we did this and in the end thank God we succeeded . " After his release in January 1960 Kaunda became leader of the newly formed United National Independence Party  UNIP  and in 1964 after elections and much political wrangling , Zambia was finally granted independence from the British with Kaunda as its president . It was a presidency which was to last 27 years , but under one party rule . A decision highly criticized , with many accusing Kaunda of presiding over a dictatorship . But Kaunda has remained defiant about his decision to form a one-party state , telling CNN : "  My colleagues and I decided we 're going to go into one party . The reason for that , there was no way , no way at all in which we could have fought and defeated colonialism all around us , with so many parties in Zambia at that time . No way at all . He continued : "  No , I have never been a dictator . It was a bargain with the people . But even then I knew it was not the best thing to do . But in that situation it was the only way out . " In 1990 Kaunda finally legalized opposition parties setting the stage for free , multi-party elections , which took place in 1991 . The elections saw the end of Kaunda 's leadership with Frederick Chiluba from the Movement for Multiparty Democracy coming to power . Now , after 20 years away from the political spotlight , Kaunda is still campaigning . His major battle today is the fight against HIV/AIDS , a disease running rampant throughout his country , affecting one in eight Zambians . It 's a cause close to the former leader 's heart and one which has affected him personally . "  My own child , one of them , died of Aids . A brilliant boy , " Kaunda told CNN . "  He died of AIDS but that 's not the reason why I am fighting AIDS . I fight AIDS because it 's a killer disease , destroys the human race in all fields . " It 's this constant will to fight that leaves Kaunda positive about the future of his country and Africa . This despite the many challenges ahead . "  I 'm very hopeful that things will come right , " he said to CNN . "  Because you see there was a time when a leader went wrong and they became an oppressor ... but today things have begun to change . "  The struggle , the condemnation is quite often within the continent of Africa . It 's a good beginning towards a realization of what , democracy is right in this world , east , west , north , south . So I 'm confident that we have begun to grow . " Susannah Palk contributed to this report	Twenty years out of politics , Kaunda continues to campaign against the spread of AIDS
