CNN  -- Contrary to Katy Perry 's infectious West Coast anthem , not every California girl sports "  Daisy Dukes , bikinis on top . " Such skimpy apparel does n't meet San Francisco 's style standards . For starters , the weather is unpredictable . And the city 's eclectic array of designer boutiques , thrift stores and vintage shops prove incentive enough for inhabitants to stay fully , and fabulously , dressed . Blogger Dyanna Dawson and partner John Tran showcase the hottest looks on TheSFStyle.com , a website for trendsetting San Franciscans , by trendsetting San Franciscans . "  We aim for quality over quantity , " Dawson said . "  Our blog is the highlights reel of San Francisco street fashion -- only the best make it on the site . We photograph maybe one in 200 people that we encounter . " Here , she explains San Francisco style : CNN : What inspired you to start a San Francisco-specific style blog ? Dawson : John started the blog in 2008 because it combined all of his favorite things : fashion , photography , writing and blogging . It 's a lot of work for just one person , so he brought me on about a year later in 2009 . I 've always been really interested in fashion , especially on the consumer trend level , and John 's taught me everything I know about photography . CNN : Describe the "  style vibe " in your city : Dawson : There 's a certain utility to the way San Franciscans dress . There has to be , because of the unpredictable weather and the amount of walking the average SFer does . Classic American work wear is hugely popular all over the city . Haight Street is littered with eco-chic boutiques , while the Mission District houses a treasure trove of great vintage spots . It 's really interesting to see where these three styles converge . CNN : What influences street style ? Dawson : The weather plays a crucial role in dictating which runway trends actually make it to the streets . We do n't have proper seasons , and San Francisco is pretty well known for its microclimates that vary from district to district . This makes layering pieces essential year round , even in summertime . Also , since most people in the city ride bikes or take Muni , comfortable shoes and handbags are worn by both men and women alike . CNN : What are popular looks ? Staple pieces ? Dawson : The unisex SF uniform varies a bit every season , but is more or less : dark skinny jeans , a fitted coat  usually a peacoat or trench  , canvas or leather shoes  oxfords , loafers , boots , TOMS  , a nice carry-all and some tasteful layering pieces . I never leave the house without a scarf and sweater in my bag -- no matter what time of year it is . You just never know what to expect with San Francisco weather . Even when it 's bright and sunny out , you could turn the corner and get hit with some fog or a gust of wind . CNN : Are there any trends specific to San Francisco ? What makes fashion stand out from other cities ? Dawson : San Francisco is a great place to live , in part because it has so many wonderful vintage and thrift stores . The ready availability of vintage fashions can be seen in various forms throughout the city . San Francisco tends to be more laid back than a lot of other cities , so most of what we see on the streets -- and a lot of the outfits we post on the website -- tends to be casual . CNN : What makes you stop and snap a photo of someone ? Dawson : We always have our cameras on us , ready to capture fashionable morsels wherever we might be . We look for morsels that strike us for their exceptional personal style . This can mean either epitomizing a popular trend we want to feature , or putting their own unique spin on a vogue . Fit is a key element , and we also look for people who are wearing standout pieces  bags , shoes , coiffure , accessories , etc.  . CNN : What trends do you love right now ? Dawson : We like to post features that showcase different examples of the same trend , as photographed all over the city . One of the hottest trends in San Francisco right now is animal jewelry . We usually include a poll , so that readers can vote for their favorite piece . CNN : Where should we shop in San Francisco ? Dawson : We get asked this question constantly ! We even have a dedicated resource page for people who are either visiting SF , or just new to the area . It lists all of my favorite shopping spots , along with some other info on where to eat and drink . CNN : What advice would you give to fashionistas on a budget ? Dawson : We 're so lucky to have all of these amazing thrift stores and affordable vintage stores . I know from growing up in the SoCal suburbs that not every city is as fortunate . They key to thrift/vintage shopping is to go often , and to not be discouraged when you leave empty-handed . Even the most seasoned vintage shoppers do n't strike gold every time . And if you live outside of the Bay Area , there are tons of great finds on Etsy and eBay . How do people dress in your city ? Submit your favorite looks to iReport for a chance to be featured on CNN.com .	Blogger Dyanna Dawson and partner John Tran showcase hot looks on TheSFStyle.com Blog was created because it combined fashion , photography , writing and blogging Dawson says weather , travel habits , thrift and vintage shops , city vibe influence fashion Bloggers look for "  exceptional personal style , " including fit , uniqueness , standout pieces
CNN  -- World leaders have paid tribute to Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai who passed away while having treatment for ovarian cancer on Monday . Archbishop Desmond Tutu praised Maathai as a true "  visionary African woman " and called her a "  leading voice on the continent . " He said : "  Professor Maathai introduced the idea of women planting trees in Kenya to reduce poverty and conserve the environment , " in a statement released via his office . "  At last count , the Green Belt Movement she helped to found had assisted women to plant more than 40 million trees . She understood and acted on the inextricable links between poverty , rights and environmental sustainability . One can but marvel at her foresight and the scope of her success . She was a true African heroine , " the statement continued . "  Our condolences go to Professor Maathai 's family , to the people of Kenya , and to the countless women  and men  across Africa and the world to whom she was an inspiration . " His views were echoed by former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan who said he was "  deeply saddened " to learn of her death . "  She will be remembered as a committed champion of the environment , sustainable development , womens ' rights , and democracy . Her contribution to all these causes will forever be celebrated and honored , " he said . "  Wangari was a courageous leader . Her energy and life-long dedication to improve the lives and livelihoods of people will continue to inspire generations of young . "  Her award of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 , the first to be bestowed upon an African woman , rightly underscored the important nexus in her work between sustainable development , peace and human security . " Tanzania 's President Jakaya Kikwete was among the first world leaders to celebrate the professor 's life . "  Rest in peace Dr Wangari Maathai . A great woman , an inspiration for many women across Africa , a magnificent visionary and embodiment of courage , " President Kikwete said on Twitter . Former U.S. vice president Al Gore also paid tribute to Maathai who he said "  overcame incredible obstacles to devote her life to service -- service to her children , to her constituents , to the women , and indeed all the people of Kenya -- and to the world as a whole . " In a statement , he said : "  Wangari was a warm and devoted mother and I send my condolences to her family . She worked tirelessly both as an elected Member of Parliament and an Assistant Minister for Environment and Natural Resources . She forged new ground for women in Kenya helping shatter what we would call the ` glass ceiling ' in the United States . " A spokesman for the Nelson Mandela Foundation said in a statement that Maathai has left a "  lasting legacy in greater awareness and work in protecting our environment and the world . " Wangari Maathai : A life in pictures The statement praised Maathai for a speech she delivered in 2005 at the Third Nelson Mandela Annual Lecture , while she was Deputy Minister of Environment in Kenya . "  We need people who love Africa so much that they want to protect her from destructive processes , " she said in her address . "  There are simple actions we can take . Start by planting 10 trees we each need to absorb the carbon dioxide we exhale . Get involved in local initiatives and volunteer your time for services in your community , " she continued . A spokesman for the Kenyan government said the death of Maathai was "  a huge loss to the country , Africa and the whole world " and had left a "  gaping hole that will be difficult to fill . " He said Maathai had been receiving treatment for ovarian cancer at the Nairobi Hospital for the past year . He added : "  Prof. Wangari Maathai brought meaning to the words peace and environment . She made the world understand that water , trees , and protection of the environment helps us achieve real peace . He continued : "  She was deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize because she taught all of us the importance of respecting our planet and each other . Her passion , dedication and focus became a beacon to be emulated by millions . " Bineta Diop , Founder of Femmes Africa Solidarite , an organization working on issues of gender , peace and development , remembered Maathai as someone who risked her life for ordinary people . "  Africa has lost today one of its greatest daughters . Wangari was the champion of the environmental cause , to which she brought the attention of the Continent when nobody was talking about this great challenge . She worked tirelessly for the rural women , demanding African leaders to address climate change , " she said . Diop said she would continue to inspire generations to come : "  We are sure that the young women and men she mentored are ready to continue her fight for climate justice . " Meanwhile , tributes flooded in on social networking sites Facebook and Twitter . Maathai was trending worldwide on the micro blogging website as people from around the world remembered how she had touched their lives . Ann Pettifor , from the New Economics Foundation tweeted : "  Wangari was my heroine . Jubilee 2000 's African leader and did great work for Kenya 's debt . " Another tweeter , Lorde Sirm , wrote : "  A symbol of hope , dreams in a world full of green rest in peace . " There were also calls for her to receive a state burial on Twitter with user , KGitonga , tweeting : "  We failed to honor her when it mattered . Let her rest in humility like she lived . " There were also calls on Facebook for her work to continue , one user , Catherine Gitonga wrote : "  May we honor her by planting as many trees as we can so that her legacy may live on and we may fulfill all that she fought for . Rest in peace knowing that your contribution to Kenya will forever be remembered . " On Facebook , Lorot Saleml wrote : "  I refuse to believe that Mama is dead . She lives among us . She lives in my poems . She lives in the trees . She is the air I breath . Her soul is in Uhuru park . Her soul is roaming all over the world . My mama still lives on . " Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report .	Wangari Maathai died at 71 from ovarian cancer Leaders around the world have paid tribute The Nobel Laureate was trending worldwide on Twitter There are calls for her legacy to live on
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Are circus elephants abused ? Or are the elephants under the big top healthy and thriving in a caring environment ? Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey elephants pass the U.S. Capitol in a parade this week in Washington . That 's the issue a federal judge must decide in a 9-year-old legal dispute pitting four animal rights groups against the nation 's most famous circus , Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey . Closing arguments will be heard Wednesday in the case in which the circus is accused of mistreating its 54 Asian elephants , which are protected under the 1973 Endangered Species Act . Under the law , endangered species can not be "  harmed , harassed , wounded , injured or killed . " The circus "  is in fact in violation of the federal Endangered Species Act as a result of their routine practices that they use on the elephants , " according to Tracy Silverman , general counsel for the Animal Welfare Institute . Silverman alleges that the circus uses "  bull hooks " and electrical prods called "  hot shots " to train and manage the elephants and that handlers chain the elephants for extended periods of time . These practices violate federal law , Silverman says . But the circus says that no evidence was presented at the six-week trial that such tools as bull hooks and hot shots are used on elephants . "  Ringling Bros. ' practices are well known to the federal government who regulates their business , " says Ringling Bros. attorney Michelle Pardo . The tools the circus uses to handle animals "  are time-tested , approved and commonly used , " she added . Pardo insists the trial evidence "  showed the elephants are healthy , well cared for and they 're thriving in Ringling Bros. care . " Besides the Animal Welfare Institute , other groups involved in the suit are the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , the Fund for Animals and Born Free USA , acting with the Animal Protection Institute . While the animal rights groups allege the circus "  severely mistreats and abuses " elephants , the circus says the animals are not only healthy but "  really do benefit from the enrichment that the circus provides . " No immediate ruling is expected from the judge .	Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey accused of mistreating 54 Asian elephants Judge is set to hear closing arguments in nearly decade-old legal dispute Animal rights groups say circus violating 1973 Endangered Species Act Circus attorney says elephants "  thriving in Ringling Bros. care . "
CNN  -- I heard on the news that Junior Seau passed away . Seau , 43 , ended his life last Wednesday . He did so as purposefully and violently as he played the game of football . Today , a public memorial is planned for him at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego . Junior , like my former teammate Andre Waters and friend Dave Duerson , both of whom also committed suicide , played the game as they were taught , with reckless abandon . These guys did n't just tackle opponents ; they ran through them , never applying the brakes before collision . And they did what all great athletes do : They learned to play with pain . ESPN analyst Marcellus Wiley , a former teammate of Seau with the San Diego Chargers , said of Junior that "  he never let you see his pain . " He also said that Junior would not get treatment with his teammates but would do so privately , so he was seen only at full strength . The recent spate of suicides committed by former players has the NFL and the entire sports world examining the cumulative impact of concussions over the span of a career and a lifetime . The emerging research on chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  has helped identify at least one culprit in the uncharacteristically fatal behavior of men who lived by the creed , "  never give up . " But inherent in that creed is a zero sum mentality that teaches us all to "  play with pain . " This also means that we learned to live with pain . Together with CTE , this is a lethal combination that can be very difficult to see , unless we change our lens . When I received the news about Junior , I had just walked out of my daughter 's second-grade classroom . A few dads were helping with a craft for Mother 's Day . While in class , I complained to another dad about the painful decision of saving my back or my knees while assisting children with their cutting and gluing . I knew the source of my physical pain , and it is a constant reminder of a proud football career . I accept that I gave my body to the game I love and every day I experience the consequences . That has long been the lament of former athletes : bad knees , bad back and nagging body aches are the battle scars of weekend warriors . During the drive home from school , I thought of the scars that riddle my body and mind . And , for the first time in the discussion of the life expectancy of NFL players , I saw myself . Junior is the 19th player that I played with or knew personally from college and professional football who is dead , all before 50 . He is the fifth to commit suicide . Then I thought of Cover 8 . In 1986 , when I was a quarterback at Syracuse University , we installed a defensive formation called Cover 8 . It moved the free safety , a position usually 18 yards away from the line of scrimmage , to just half that distance . The purpose was to stop the quarterback  me  . Our free safety was Marcus Paul , now assistant strength coach for Super Bowl champs the New York Giants . For 20 days , we purposely and violently ran through each other several times a day . Each collision brought admiration , respect and a hardening of our resolve . We knew we were making each other better . If we survived each other , no opponent could pose a greater challenge . We played for another 10 years , but we still laugh about the ringing in the ears and the workman-like way we went at each other that spring , conditioning ourselves to raise our threshold for pain . We were young men demonstrating the rules of masculinity and sports . Ignore pain , leave it on the field and never back down . As a businessman , I know the merits of those qualities that transferred from my athletic career . But I wonder  and fear  as a man and as a person about what other physical and emotional qualities transferred ? At what costs ? And when will I find out ? Women are twice as likely to attempt suicide but men are four times more successful . We both suffer from mental illness and seemingly insurmountable stress . But men are also less likely to show signs or ask for help . This leads to the "  if you ca n't fix it , force it " approach that is evident in most violent acts committed by men . Sadly , there were signs with Junior , Andre , Dave and all the other players who have committed suicide . And , they knew it . What they did n't know was how to tell us . And , we did n't know how to see it in them . We assumed that they were like most players who find it hard to adjust to life outside the locker room , without the game . It 's easy to see them as warriors without a war . It 's harder to see them as men without capacity to say , "  I hurt and I need help . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Don McPherson .	Don McPherson : Football 's Junior Seau , who committed suicide , to be memorialized today He says research shows punishing head injury , living with pain leads some to suicide He says he has his own scars from football ; Junior 's death a sobering reminder of toll McPherson : Junior knew there were signs he was in trouble , did n't know how to get help
CNN  -- "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine "  Relic Entertainment , THQ  deftly takes the popular tabletop miniatures game and puts it into a video game with gun-blazing , sword-swinging action and a story that flows well . Players control Titus , a captain of the Ultramarines , as they and their comrades attempt to battle orks , demons and the forces of Chaos . There are plenty of weapons to satisfy your melee or missile tendencies in battle . All the action takes place in the third-person point of view , so the field of battle is easily kept in sight at all times . Minor enemies attack en masse and in waves , while tougher enemies usually show up to scrap all alone . Boss battles are demanding , and pulling off multiple attacks is almost required to conquer the last foe . Players often are accompanied by two other space marines who contribute to the wholesale slaughter of lesser opponents but seem to have little effect on boss battles . Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives , swords , axes and hammers while long-distance weapons start with pistols and go all the way to cannons . Ammunition and grenades can be found strewn around the battlefield to supply whatever weapons you have in your possession . Modes of combat are interchangeable and offer plenty of ways to wipe out enemies . Trigger buttons control the long-range weapons while controller buttons activate hand-to-hand abilities such as stun and execution . Performing an execution on a stunned enemy also rewards the player with points for good health . Hack-and-slash action makes for an enjoyable fight and really enhances the game . But it is more than just blood and gore  which , incidentally , gets splashed all over your character during battle , then magically disappears afterward  that make "  Space Marine " worthy . The characters seem like they are ripped right from the British navy , with accents that sound like they come from the streets of London . Each character has his own feel and motivations , giving personality to even the lowliest speaking ones . The game 's three main space marines all have their own quirks and idiosyncrasies . They are outfitted in colorful armor that probably would feel right at home in a "  World of Warcraft " setting but with nods to symbols and icons of ancient civilizations . I found myself listening a little more intently than normal as characters spoke about their trials and tribulations . Small bits of soldiers ' lives were revealed , helping make the entire experience more immersive . The story -- one of honor , courage and sacrifice -- could have readily been ignored or glossed over to focus more on the combat . However , developers were able to knit together a tale that also includes loss and betrayal while giving the player a feeling of omnipotence that makes it unique for shooters . But the single-player campaign game felt like it did n't last long enough , and the maps , while beautiful , were linear -- not allowing for exploration . The panoramic views and immense weaponry teased with the prospect of a wide world to be explored and liberated , only to be stifled by rubble and downed machinery at every turn . The ending , a cliffhanger of sorts , really was a jaw dropper . It 's a testament to the writers for crafting an interesting  but short  story as well as the developers for making me feel so invested in my characters . I have never played "  Warhammer 40,000 " on the tabletop  mainly because I did n't have the funds to lay out for the miniature figures that are required  , but "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine " on the console is well worth the investment . "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine " is available for the PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . It is rated M for mature due to blood and gore and intense violence . This review was done playing the single-player campaign on the Xbox 360 .	In "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine , " players control Titus , a captain of the Ultramarines All the action takes place in the third-person point of view Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives , swords , axes and hammers
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A long line of people winds outside the door at The Plaza Theatre in Atlanta , but the near-sellout crowd is n't here for a new release . They are waiting to see "  The Room , " a movie panned by critics when it was released in 2003 . The majority of the people in line have seen it before , and will see it again . A few are wearing costumes , and more have brought along new friends and boxes of plastic spoons . Everyone seems to have their own way of describing the film : "  It 's so much more than a movie , it 's a social experience , " says Anna Spence before her 18th theater viewing . Kate Cella , a first-time viewer , was dragged to the movie by friends . "  I 've heard that it 's the worst best movie ever , or the best worst movie ever , and that I should bring plastic spoons to throw at people . " Whether it 's the best worst or the worst best , audiences have discovered a new cult classic movie . The story of "  The Room " started with its premiere in Los Angeles in 2003 . There was some buzz about the film , helped by a large billboard on a main drag in Hollywood . The director , producer and lead actor , all one man named Tommy Wiseau , arrived via limousine to a spotlight on a red carpet and signed autographs . The Hollywood treatment did n't last long . Some in the audience walked out of the showing . Critics were harsh , ripping every aspect of the film , from the overacting and confusing dialogue to the primitive cinematography . Actress Robyn Paris recalls , "  It was like trying not to laugh in church . " It was n't supposed to be like this for Wiseau , who poured his life and money into this passion project . But a select group saw a hidden brilliance in the unintentional comedy . One college kid named Michael Rousselet sat and watched "  The Room " alone in an empty theater and immediately called his friends to come to the next screening . More friends came to the next , and the next . The day after , 100 people were in the theater yelling out quotes along with the movie . After the disappointing initial two-week run in Los Angeles , fans persuaded Wiseau to continue screening the film once a month . "  It immediately struck a chord with the young , hip college crowd . They absolutely loved it . " remembers Greg Sestero , who plays the character Mark in the film . "  I showed up at a small screening and there was n't enough room , people were sitting on the floor . These kids knew every line . " The crowds grew , selling out theaters , and have continued since , once a month for the past seven years . Shortly thereafter showings popped up in cities across the United States , and then in the UK , Denmark , India , Germany and everywhere in between . The Sunset 5 Theater in Los Angeles now sells out all 5 cinemas the last Saturday of every month for screenings of the "  The Room . " Inside the theater in Atlanta , as the lights dim , there is an energy . As the film 's title displays , the audience erupts into cheers and applause . Laughter continues throughout the entire 99 minute showing of this dark tale of infidelity . Rarely a moment passes when there is n't a level of audience interaction : quoting the film aloud in unison and answering the characters ' dialogue with clever jokes . The most common ritual in theaters everywhere is the plastic spoons . In the titular room , where most of the drama takes place , there are several framed photographs of the cutlery item , and every time one appears on screen , audiences yell "  spoons ! " while throwing hundreds of them in the air . Director Wiseau is clearly the force behind this movie , with his hands on everything from writing the script to funding the production out of his own pocket . The heavily accented star also provides most of the humor in the highly quotable film , intentional or otherwise . He does n't mind , saying , "  If you can laugh at my project , I did well . I put a little happiness in your life and that 's good . " While this is certainly a unique event , it 's not a completely new experience . "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show " has been combining cinema with audience participation since the ' 70 's . Even Rousselet says he and his friends were intentionally attempting to make the experience like "  Rocky Horror . " But Wiseau does n't see the comparison . "  You ca n't compare oranges to apple , or oranges to lemon . We 're dealing with relationships and betrayal . " After seven years , it appears the aura of "  The Room " is still growing . When cast member Kyle Vogt went to a screening , Bobcat Goldthwait came out of the audience and asked to take a picture with him . Wiseau has since made appearances on Adult Swim and Comedy Central . But the self-made star is not forgetting the movie that fans will forever remember him for . "  Next year we put ` The Room ' on 3-D , and I have great support . We will do ` The Room ' musical eventually . " There is a lot of mystery about Wiseau , who wo n't answer questions about his heritage or where he got his money . Fans gather at Q and A sessions trying to get every bit of information so often that Sestero decided to publish a tell-all book about meeting Wiseau and the making of the film . Amid the confusion , there are plenty of fans who do n't need an explanation . "  I 'm not confused about ` The Room ' at all , I think it 's beautiful , " says Johnny McGowan . "  The more that people allow ` The Room ' to be what it is ... I think the more enjoyment they 'll get . " Johnny Padgett agrees , " ` The Room ' is probably the greatest movie I 've seen in my lifetime . " Wiseau says he is pleased with the way things have turned out , and he has few regrets . "  Everything turned out the way I wanted it . When you look at the content , I would n't do differently . If you look at technical , yes , maybe 20 % differently . "	2003 box-office bomb "  The Room " is now a cult favorite Tommy Wiseau was the director , producer and lead actor in the film Film has regular screenings around the world
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Slain Santa Monica gunman John Zawahri left behind a note on his body apologizing for killing his father and his brother and hoping his father 's estate would support his mother , police said Friday . Zawahri , 23 , who lived with his father in a house that was also set afire , wrote a three - to four-page handwritten letter in which he spent a "  larger " measure of it saying good-bye to his friends than talking about his family , police said . Authorities described the tone of the letter as "  conversational talk " without "  overall hatred to anything , " a police spokesman said . "  He was sorry for having killed his father . He was sorry for having killed his brother , that he hoped his mother would be looked after financially and that she would receive financial recompense from the father 's estate , and he said goodbye to his friends , " said Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said . "  It was more of a farewell , " Seabrooks added . Santa Monica shooting survivor : ` Thank God , I 'm alive ' No motive to his alleged shooting -- in which a total of five people were killed -- was given in the note , she said . Police revealed Friday that Zawahri tried a buy a weapon in 2011 , but the U.S. Justice Department issued a notice stating that Zawahri was ineligible to buy a firearm . Seabrooks said the Justice Department denial "  may have something to do with our contact with him in 2006 , but I 'm not sure . " Police had contact with Zawahri in 2006 , but because he was a juvenile then , authorities were n't releasing further information , the chief said . Zawahri had suffered mental health issues , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN last week . A couple of years ago , he was hospitalized for treatment after allegedly talking about harming someone , according to the official . It 's not clear whether the California state government or his family committed him for treatment or whether he committed himself . It 's also unclear under what circumstances he was released . Zawahri used firearm components to construct a rifle that is illegal to possess , Seabrooks said Friday . Shooting takes 5 lives He allegedly fired 100 or fewer rounds during a shooting rampage across Santa Monica , adjacent to Los Angeles , that ended at the Santa Monica College , where police shot him to death , authorities said . He was armed with multiple guns and about 1,300 rounds of ammunition , police said . When asked where or how Zawahri obtained the firearms used in the shootings -- especially after the Justice Department deemed him ineligible to buy weapons -- Santa Monica Police Sgt. Richard Lewis stated : "  That is a part of the investigation that we will not disclose . " His father and brother died of gunshot wounds , and their bodies were found in the back of the father 's Santa Monica house , a police spokesman said . Their bodies were identifiable , "  and it 's not that they were burned beyond recognition , " the chief said . Neighbors said the parents were divorced . The mother has spoken with investigators , but the police chief did n't elaborate further . Zawahri was unemployed and had n't attended Santa Monica College , where his shooting rampage ended , since 2010 , a police spokesman said Friday . Gunman previously hospitalized for mental health	Police are n't disclosing how Zawahri obtained guns used in rampage Slain gunman John Zawahri hopes his father 's estate will support his mother The handwritten letter "  was more of a farewell , " police chief says U.S. Justice Department said he was ineligible to buy a weapon in 2011 , police say
CNN  -- Fauja Singh finished dead last at the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Sunday . But even though it took him eight hours , he had every reason to beam . By completing the 26.2 mile course , Singh -- nicknamed the Turbaned Tornado -- became the oldest undisputed runner to finish a marathon . He is 100 . Singh , born in rural India in 1911 , did not start running marathons until he was 89 , after he moved to England following the death of his wife and son . He 's completed eight now . "  He says no one is forcing him to do it . It 's his desire to do it , " coach and translator Harmander Singh said Sunday in an interview with CNN affiliate CBC . "  He wanted to do one when he 's 100 and today 's the day . " Singh was a colorful sight as he started the race in his canary yellow turban and a matching T-shirt with the words " Sikhs in the City " printed across its front -- a nod to his faith . He finished more than six hours behind winner Kenneth Mungara of Kenya , who won the event for the fourth straight year . Then again , Mungara is only 38 . Singh , the centenarian , already held the World Record for the 90-plus age group , completing the same race in 2003 at age 92 . But until now , the title of "  oldest " was the cause of some debate . The Association of Road Racing Statistician already recognized Singh as the oldest for a marathon he ran at age 93 . But the Guinness Book of World Records listed someone else -- Dimitrion Yordanidis , 98 , who ran in Athens in 1976 . Singh says his secret is a life without alcohol and smoking , a vegetarian diet of curries and tea , and daily exercise . He walks or runs up to 10 miles a day . "  I have said it before : that I will carry on running , as it is keeping me alive , " Singh told the marathon website .	Singh is the oldest person to complete a marathon He totals eight completed marathons after starting at 89 Singh was born in rural India in 1911 He took up running after the death of his wife and son
DES MOINES , Iowa  CNN  The 2016 Republican presidential race in Iowa got its unofficial start Saturday with a marathon of speeches , giving close to a dozen potential candidates a chance to introduce  or re-introduce  themselves to a core group of caucus-goers roughly one year before the contest . Immigration and Islamic extremism took front and center as the White House hopefuls sought to test-drive their stump speeches . On style , it was Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz who saw strong receptions from the audience , though support for a wide number of candidates was expressed in the hallways after the event . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also sought to establish a deeper bond with Iowa . The Hawkeye State receives outsized attention in presidential years thanks to its first-in-the-nation status during the primary season . Marathon time For the 10-hour day of back-to-back speeches , "  the candidates " -- as they were called -- joined other high-profile Republicans at Hoyt Sherman Place , an old , intricate theater built in 1877 that also became the first public art museum in Des Moines . Billed as the Iowa Freedom Summit , the event was co-hosted by Citizens United and Rep. Steve King , a revered lawmaker who represents the northwestern part of the state and has considerable clout among the more social conservative and Christian right faction of the party . It was no secret that it was considered a cattle call for the presidential race . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , for example , said that the reason he ended his Fox News show was for a bigger goal he has in mind . "  It was n't just so I can go deer hunting every weekend , I can assure you that , " he said . Others were more blatant . "  I am a potential presidential candidate , yes I am , " former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina told CNN . Even Palin angled to get in on some of the action , teasing ahead of her appearance Saturday that she was now seriously considering a run . And real estate titan Donald Trump told reporters Saturday that he 'll make his decision before June . "  I 'm the one person who can make this country great again , that 's all I know , " he told reporters Saturday . "  Nobody else can . " Palin , in her remarks , was less forward . Ticking through a somewhat dizzying and hard-to-follow speech , Palin suggested that the country is ready for a woman leader -- just not Hillary Clinton . "  Hey Iowa , can anyone stop Hillary ? " she said , prompting the audience to cheer . "  To borrow a phrase , yes we can ! " The class of 2016 The speakers , who were typically allotted 20 minutes , used a bulk of their speeches to share their own personal upbringings . Ben Carson and Christie talked about their strict but sharp mothers , while Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz talked about having pastors as fathers . Other more well-known names in Iowa -- like former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum who won the state 's caucuses in 2012 and Huckabee , who won in 2008 -- tried to remind Iowans why they picked them in the first place , dipping into their personalities but also focusing on the issues . Given King 's firebrand credentials as an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration , it was no surprise that problems at the border became a focal point in much of the speeches Saturday . Carson , a retired neurosurgeon , argued "  there would n't be people coming in here if there was n't a magnet pulling them in , " suggesting there should be criminal punishment for employers who hire undocumented workers . The main target in the immigration battle , however , was President Barack Obama 's executive action to delay deportation for up to five million undocumented immigrants . Or as Palin put it , in her folksy swagger , Obama 's decision makes him seem "  like an overgrown little boy who 's just acting kinda spoiled . " Speakers railed against the President 's pledge to use his "  pen and his phone " to work around Congress , with immigration as just one example of what many called the president 's "  overreach . " That was punctuated when DREAM Act Coalition protesters interrupted Rick Perry 's speech , leading to one arrest and theater full of Iowans trying to drown out the demonstrators ' chants . The potential candidates also warned about what they see as a dire path for the country , in particular when it comes to foreign policy , a theme that , along with immigration , also seems poised to become a flash point in the 2016 presidential race , unlike in 2012 . Santorum argued that the growth of ISIS is a consequence of the "  isolationism " and "  weakness " from the Obama 's administration . Cruz , like several speakers , said the President will fail in the war on terror if he refuses to use the words "  radical Islamic terrorism . " Huckabee blasted Obama for devoting more time to climate change in the State of the Union address than talking about terrorism . "  A beheading is a far greater threat to Americans than a sunburn , " Huckabee said . The issues There was plenty of the usual Iowa charm on stage , speeches with pig analogies and corn references . And there was more than one reference to how people in Iowa are somehow taller than average . Shown on a big screen above the stage was an image of a red barn sitting on a green hill surrounded by white fences . Steve King 's name -- in all caps -- was plastered across banners on the stage , as well as the podium . The contenders also dished out a bevy of red meat , blasting Obamacare , Common Core , the media , Hillary Clinton and the $ 18 trillion debt . Cruz won huge applause for proposing to place 110,000 IRS employees on the southern border , joking that they 'll do a better job at deterring illegal immigration than anything else . Giving a shout out to the state 's newly elected U.S. senator , Joni Ernst , was also a popular item on the agenda for the potential candidates . Nearly all of them referred to her as their "  friend , " and almost equal amount of affection and time was dedicated to the state 's other beloved senator , Chuck Grassley . Walker , who , like Cruz , paced the stage back and forth as he spoke , delivered an impressive speech that honed in on his record as governor . He talked about implementing voter ID laws , and he painted himself as the valiant warrior who took on the public employees and won during the collective bargaining rights debate of 2011 . He also did n't forget to mention that he 's been elected three times in the past four years . Shortly after his speech , two men , both from Council Bluffs , talked outside about how they were wowed by Walker 's remarks . "  If he could do on a nationwide scale what he did in Wisconsin , this country would be , " one man , Michael Patomson , started to say , before his friend , Bill Hartzell , interjected : "  Transformed . The country would be transformed . " The reception Many attendees had a hard time picking just one favorite in the line of potential contenders . Several mentioned Fiorina as a surprise hit . "  There was just a pantheon of people to listen to , " said Eric Rosenthal of Cedar Rapids . "  Rick Perry was better than last time I heard him -- that 's good . He needs it , " said Ernie Rudolph of Dallas County , Iowa . Christie also saw a warm reception and contested the idea that a Republican governor of a blue state who has a "  Jersey guy " reputation will not connect with voters in Iowa . "  That somehow I 'm too loud , I 'm too blunt and I 'm too direct , " Christie said , dismissing the criticism as "  conventional wisdom " from Washington pundits . "  They 're wrong . " Still , he was noticeably different from his usual style . His demeanor was toned down and he read from his prepared remarks on the podium , a stark contrast to his preferred off-the-cuff method . Some of the chatter in the hallways and to reporters also featured two potential contenders who were n't there : Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney . Trump put it simply : "  Mitt had his chance . He should have won and he choked . " As for Bush : "  We 've had enough of the Bushes . " Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio , as well as Gov. Bobby Jindal , also skipped the event , but given that it 's year ahead before Iowans start to caucus , it 's unlikely that missing one event will hurt them . Saturday 's event was more of a curtain raiser , giving the first glimpse of what will likely be a competitive Republican primary . Walker , as he closed his speech , offered a pledge that will likely be mirrored by several of the speakers on stage over the next year : "  I 'm going to come back many more times . " CNN 's Adam Levy contributed to this report .	Republicans gathered in Iowa to offer a first glimpse of the 2016 presidential campaign narratives Immigration and terrorism were two of the most common issues discussed Scott Walker and Ted Cruz received strong receptions from the audience
CNN  -- Embattled Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe signed a power-sharing deal with the opposition party 's breakaway faction , his party said Tuesday , though Mugabe 's opponents denied the claim . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe leaves a hotel where negotiations had been taking place Tuesday . Mugabe 's party said the deal , which promises cabinet positions to the splinter group of the Movement for Democratic Change , does not involve MDC head Morgan Tsvangirai . Tsvangirai said he still is involved with the talks , and that the power-sharing deal with the MDC offshoot is part of larger deal that has not been signed by anyone . Welshman Ncube , spokesman for the MDC splinter group , also said his party has not signed a deal with Mugabe , though Mugabe 's party said the deal was signed with the group 's chief , Arthur Mutambara . South African President Thabo Mbeki , the mediator in the talks , would not confirm that a deal had been signed . Mbeki said Mugabe and the splinter group had formed an "  agreement " and were awaiting Tsvangirai 's position on certain points in the plan . Another high-ranking official with knowledge of the negotiations told CNN that the deal signed with Arthur Mutambara , head of the faction that broke from the MDC , has to do with the prime minister position that will be created in the new Zimbabwe government . The official said deciding the duties of the new prime minister has been a sticking point in the negotiations . The MDC has wanted the prime minister to be in charge of government and Mugabe to be in charge of the state , the official said . But Mugabe has sought to keep control of both and make the prime minister position "  ceremonial , " the official said . All the parties involved have been meeting in a hotel in Harare , Zimbabwe 's capital city . Video footage Tuesday showed Tsvangirai leaving the negotiations stone-faced as he ignored reporters ' questions . Mutambara told reporters he plans to have a news conference Wednesday , and Mugabe smiled widely and shook hands with onlookers as he left the hotel , but did not answer reporters ' questions . Tsvangirai had been in power-sharing talks with Mugabe in recent days as a culmination of his party 's protest of Mugabe 's disputed re-election in a June presidential runoff . The election was condemned internationally as a sham . Tsvangirai withdrew from the June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings , intimidation and murders against the MDC . Tsvangirai had garnered the most votes in a March general election , but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Official : Zimbabwe 's president makes power-share deal with splinter group Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai not part of deal , official says Tsvangirai denies he 's out of power-sharing discussions
CNN  The New York Police Department faced a newly pressing question in recent weeks : What constitutes an online "  threat " ? Police reviewed hundreds of online postings -- and made several arrests -- over alleged anti-cop threats made in the wake of the killing of two officers last month . It used to be a lot easier to define threats . It 's not that our dialogue has evolved much . It has n't . Art and music have always spoken about violence in the most graphic terms , whether it 's in rap lyrics or Guns N ' Roses songs . Kids have consumed violent art and speech since long before Hansel and Gretel baked a witch in an oven , or Beowulf hacked his way through Southern Scandinavia . The difference today is the delivery system : the Internet and social media . Suppose , after the recent NYPD threats , I posted that I planned to "  swarm on any m. . . in a blue uniform , " meaning specifically the "  punk police . " Suppose I promise that "  when I finish , it is going to be a bloodbath of cops dyin . ' " Scary right ? If I tweeted that today , I might expect police at my door . In 1988 , though , there was no Twitter ... or e-mail ... or "  online , " come to think of it , when the rap group NWA came out with its  famous  "  F *** Tha Police , " containing those very lyrics . People then were offended , of course . But songs on an album just do n't seem to contain the same direct threat potential of social media today . There was something very nonspecific about threatening language contained on a commercially mass-produced cassette tape . And when a megastar like Axl Rose sang in 1988 that he had to kill a woman for complaining too much , and bury her in his backyard , millions heard those lyrics . That 's a much bigger audience than the 13 followers reading some guy 's rabid musings on Twitter . So , threatening speech online is not about how viral or far-reaching it is . Our society is not as interested in protecting social media rants as it is in protecting artists because -- whether the courts say it or not -- we really do n't feel as good about protecting dummies . We will vigorously protect the free speech of legitimate artists , even if we find their work repulsive . Instinctively , however , we draw the line at people whose only creative accomplishments consist of , say , a bitter child custody dispute and access to a Wi-Fi signal . It seems that if some shmendrik wants to rant on the Internet , he should be able to point to a scintilla of an actual music career to defend his or her language by claiming it is like "  lyrics . " That analysis dovetails nicely with the issues before the Supreme Court in a case called Elonis v. United States . In Elonis , an "  aspiring rapper " used violent language on Facebook to rant about his wife , an elementary school and an FBI agent . Under the First Amendment , the court must decide whether a "  threat " requires proof of the defendant 's actual intent to threaten , or if it is enough to show that a "  reasonable person " would regard the statement as threatening . If the court ultimately requires proof of actual intent , that test would be a higher burden , and more favorable to defendants . But even under the "  reasonable person " standard favored by prosecutors , the hearer of the words must understand them as a threat . Maybe this is why social media has more threat potential , and it 's not because it can reach many persons : Social media is more threatening for its potential to reach one specific person -- but be overheard by many others . Maybe that 's the key . In that sense , social media threats are less like a musical performance , and more like a menacing phone call placed on speakerphone for others to hear , or a call surreptitiously recorded by your Russian girlfriend  as with Mel Gibson  . Social media postings are  generally  not for profit , and they are authored by the speaker alone . In that sense they feel more like the unfiltered statements of present intent . As protective as we should be of free speech in art , maybe it 's time to draw the line at social media . Then again , I 'm biased in a way that perhaps the justices are not . I 'm on social media , and the tweets directed at me from time to time are , let 's say , pretty threatening and too profane to reprint here . Maybe the justices would be less inclined to equate the lyrics of Eminem  as Justice John Roberts recently did  with the poetic musings of frighteningly abusive tweeters if they had more personal experience with social media . The NYPD confronts a similar problem . How is it to know the difference between a true threat , the work of an artist , or some troll sounding off online ? The Supreme Court may contain the brightest minds of our time , but compared with your average 14-year-old , they are Luddites . I 've never seen a hashtag in a Supreme Court opinion , and I seriously doubt the justices spend a lot of time on Instagram . Tasked as they are with defining threats on social media , will their reasoned opinion reflect a current understanding of how people communicate -- or threaten -- online ? Even if they do , by then the kids will be onto the next thing anyway	Danny Cevallos : Arrests over tweets threatening NYPD raise issue of when speech is threat He says Supreme Court to weigh in soon . Maybe it 's time to draw threat line at social media
LifeWire  -- Charlotte Eulette of Montclair , New Jersey , ceremoniously reclaimed her maiden name and slipped a ring from her mother on her newly bare wedding ring finger . Charlotte Eulette donned a shiny cocktail dress for her divorce celebration to reflect her goal to "  shine on . " Cathryn Michon hit the Los Angeles restaurant Mr. Chow with some friends who 'd brought divorce gifts . In Las Vegas , reality-show regular Shanna Moakler served a three-tiered gateau -- complete with knife-wielding-bride cake topper  and matching dead groom  -- to attendees after her  first  split from Travis Barker . If just discussing divorce in public seemed taboo a few years ago , the growing trend of divorce celebrations is helping lessen the stigma surrounding the end of marriage . "  Yes , it 's sad and it 's painful , but it 's not failure , " says Christine Gallagher , the owner of Los Angeles event company The Divorce Party Planner and the author of a book by the same name . "  It 's part of life , and yet it 's the only major event for which we have no ritual . "  A celebration communicates that divorce is OK -- life-affirming , even . " Michon , 38 , agrees . "  It 's like an Irish wake . Just because there 's been a death does n't mean you ca n't have food and drink , acknowledge the past and hope good things for the future . It 's about closure . " Bearing witness , wedding-style "  At a wedding , you gather friends and family around and say , ` Support us on this journey , ' " says Eulette , 49 , whose 2003 post-split bash was attended by the same klatch of far-flung friends and relatives as her wedding . "  A divorce ceremony is a way to gather them around and say , ` I 'm moving on . Please support me . ' " And that support , says Michon , is also practical in nature . "  If you split up , someone 's getting the blender and someone 's not , " she says . "  My own celebration was a way for my friends to say , ` We love you no matter what , and by the way , here are a few appliances you 're missing . ' "  Believe me , a toaster means a lot more when your heart 's broken than on your wedding day , " says Michon , a writer , who recently organized a divorce registry at Target for another friend . "  Especially if you 're out thousands of dollars in legal fees . " Divorce parties : One size does n't fit all Just as no two weddings are alike , divorcees are seeking out  or creating from scratch  marriage-ending markers that resonate with them . In Britain , the Great Northern Firework Company offers a divorce-package fireworks display . Godammo.com will melt and mold your wedding ring into a  gunpowder-free  bullet , and WeddingRingCoffin.com sells just that : a practical , dignified way to bury your dead marriage 's hardware . "  Burning is big , " says Gallagher , who 's seen everything from wedding dresses to a husband 's trophy deer head go up in flames at divorce celebrations organized by her event-planning outfit . The parties -- two or three per month -- serve up signature cocktails with names like the So Long and the Sucker , split-themed soundtracks  "  Hit the Road , Jack " and "  I Will Survive " are popular  and dartboards adorned with the ex 's face . "  A divorce party makes more sense than a bachelor party , " says Marc Tadros of Montreal V.I.P. , whose luxury divorce getaways have drawn customers , about 20 percent of them female , from as far away as Ireland and Germany . "  It 's a good time to blow off steam , work on your social networking skills . " Focusing on the future "  Having six or 10 martinis may work for some people , but mine was n't an ex-bashing ceremony , " says Joann Lane , 50 , a wedding officiant whose party took place five years after the divorce and was attended by the couple 's four sons , along with her current and former boyfriends . "  I wanted to acknowledge the good that came out of the marriage , and let go of the anguish . " In that spirit , Eulette 's foundation  and her full-time job  Celebrants USA , which is devoted to celebrating life 's milestones , organizes 10 to 15 divorce events each year to help people craft rituals that have meaning for them . One of Eulette 's clients celebrated his divorce by gluing back together a broken glass , in a reversal of the Jewish tradition of smashing a glass at the end of the wedding ceremony . "  It 's not a hullabaloo ; it 's about healing and transition , " Eulette says . "  And everyone has their own story in a divorce -- there 's no blueprint for moving forward like there is with marriage . " Ottawa wellness counselor Lucy MacDonald cautions divorces to consider their motives in hosting a celebration , and not to overlook the key to emotional recovery after divorce : forgiveness , of oneself and one 's ex . "  If you 're feeling bitter , angry or antagonistic , a divorce party may bring out the worst in you , " warns MacDonald . "  But if you 've accepted your divorce as the next step in your growth as a person , your party is a signal to everyone that you 're OK and looking to the future . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Elizabeth Bougerol is a writer living in New York .	Some people are marking the end of their marriages with ceremony One ceremony acknowledged the good , released the anguish Other people hold an Irish wake-style divorce party Organizer : Wedding dresses , husband 's trophy deer head can burn
CNN  The United States has launched a fresh drone strike on Yemen and closed its embassy to the public , days after the U.S.-backed government crumbled under an uprising from Shiite Houthi rebels . The drone strike -- the latest in a long string of them by the Obama administration -- is the first since last week 's dramatic events in the capital , Sanaa . Three U.S. officials tell CNN the CIA conducted a drone strike in Marib , which is east of Sanaa . It is not thought that any major leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were targeted in the latest U.S. strike . The CIA itself did not comment . The U.S. State Department , meanwhile , announced what was happening with the embassy . "  Due to the recent resignation of the Yemeni president , prime minister , and cabinet , and the ongoing security concerns , the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa is unable to provide routine consular services and will have very limited ability to assist with emergency cases involving U.S. citizens , " the department said in a statement Monday . "  The U.S. Embassy will be closed to the public until further notice out of an abundance of caution and care for our employees and others who may be visiting the Embassy . We are continuously analyzing the security conditions and will resume consular operations as soon as our analysis indicates we are able to do so safely . "	The CIA launched a drone strike on Yemen , three U.S. officials tell CNN The U.S. Embassy is closing to the public , the State Department says
Wired  -- After releasing two generations of iPhones with exactly the same form factor , Apple is expected to show off a new chassis design -- and possibly new materials -- in its sixth-generation smartphone . And a little-known alloy that Apple has quietly been using for the past two years could be just the ticket to make consumers swoon . Korea IT News reported Wednesday that the iPhone 5 is likely to be housed in Liquidmetal , the commercial name for an alloy of titanium , zirconium , nickel , copper and other metals . It would make the outer surface of the phone "  smooth like liquid , " according to the report . "  The next iPhone needs to truly stand out from the crowd , " Canalys analyst Chris Jones told Wired via email . "  A change in materials is a likely way to differentiate its form factor . " Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992 . It 's a class of patented amorphous metal alloys  basically metallic glass  with unique properties including high strength , high wear resistance against scratching and denting , and a good strength-to-weight ratio . Apple was granted rights to use it in August of 2010 . "  Liquidmetal allows precision parts to be fabricated similar to plastic injection molding , but with similar properties to metal , " IHS senior principal analyst Kevin Keller said . In today 's metal-based gadgets , you either need to bend a piece of sheet metal , or die-cast with an inferior alloy like aluminum or magnesium . In die-casting , the alloys tend to be brittle and have poor wear resistance . Liquidmetal 's injection molding process is still a relatively new technology , and it 's fairly expensive -- but that 's not necessarily anything that Apple would shy away from . Liquidmetal has been used in Apple products  as well as those of other manufacturers  for several years . The SIM card ejector tool in some North American first-generation iPads was made of Liquidmetal , and since then , Keller said , it 's been used in a number of other internal parts and small mechanical components . "  We expect Apple and other manufacturers to start using this not only for larger and more visible portions of devices , but also entire enclosures , " Keller said . Thus , a Liquidmetal iPhone chassis seems entirely reasonable to expect in the not-too-distant future . Jones also noted that the discovery and use of new materials was one of Steve Jobs ' obsessions . "  But Apple will need to ensure a change in material does not compromise the performance of the device , " he added , noting the infamous "  antenna-gate " issue with the iPhone 4 . Reports that an upcoming iPhone could have a metal back and a unibody case have been circling since well before the iPhone 4S was announced . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Korea 's IT News reported that the iPhone 5 is likely to be housed in ` Liquidmetal ' Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992 The molding process is still a relatively new technology , and it 's fairly expensive
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Fifty-six government employees -- including a police officer , a felony court clerk , two corrections officers and 27 school bus drivers and attendants -- were arrested in a scam that used health insurance information to fraudulently obtain prescriptions for the painkiller OxyContin , authorities said Wednesday . Arrested as "  recruiters " in the alleged OxyContin scam , are , clockwise : Janice Currington ; Dwonvalyn Johnson ; Barbara Miller Benaby ; Guyton Wynell ; Marcella Pierce ; and Wanda McNeal . Sixty-two people were arrested in total and all face charges including racketeering , conspiracy to commit racketeering and grand theft , according to the Miami-Dade state attorney 's office . Authorities estimate 130 medically unnecessary prescriptions for OxyContin -- more than 12,000 tablets -- were presented to pharmacies . The drugs have an estimated street value of $ 400,000 , prosecutors said . OxyContin is a popular painkiller , delivering an instant "  high " when it is crushed or dissolved and ingested . The scam began in January 2003 , when six "  recruiters " enlisted a group of people , most of them employees of local government , to participate in the ring , according to prosecutors . Those employees provided their health insurance identification information , and with that information they obtained unnecessary prescriptions for OxyContin from another codefendant , who was a physician , authorities said . The defendants filled those prescriptions at pharmacies and sold the pills for cash to another codefendant , authorities said . In addition , prosecutors said , the defendants submitted claims to their insurance companies for reimbursement for the OxyContin prescriptions . "  There can never be an excuse for helping put dangerous drugs onto our streets , " said Katherine Fernandez Rundle , Miami-Dade state attorney . "  When public employees are a part of the problem and when public medical benefits are used to make the scheme work , these are shameful events . They are also crimes . " Among those arrested , according to authorities , were :  17 Miami-Dade County Public Schools bus drivers  10 Miami-Dade County Public Schools bus attendants  Six city of Miami Department of Solid Waste employees  Five Miami-Dade County Public Schools security officers  Three Miami-Dade County Public Schools custodians  Two Miami-Dade County Corrections and Rehabilitation corrections officers  Two Miami-Dade County Public Schools teacher assistants  Two Miami-Dade County Transit bus drivers  One city of Hialeah police officer  One city of Miami crane operator  One Miami-Dade County Circuit Court felony clerk  One Helen B. Bentley Family Health Center driver  One Miami-Dade County Human Services data entry specialist  One Miami-Dade County Human Services employee  other  One Miami-Dade County General Services Administration employee  One Department of Children and Families employee  One former employee of Family Christian Services	Total of 62 arrested , including police officer , felony court clerk , corrections officers Officials : Recruiters enlisted mostly Miami-Dade government workers in drug ring Authorities : Health insurance information used to get OxyContin prescriptions More than 12,000 tablets were obtained , with a street value of $ 400,000
CNN  -- A gunman killed three people and wounded at least five at the house of a mayoral candidate in the Philippines before polls opened on Monday , a military spokeswoman said . The attack happened around 2:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. Sunday ET  when an unidentified gunman raided the house of a mayoral candidate in Zamboanga del Sur province , said spokeswoman Steffani Cacho . The incident is under investigation , she added . More than 50 million ballots have been printed with a dizzying number of candidates to choose from -- nine for president alone , among them front-runner Sen. Benigno Aquino III , son of a former president ; and Joseph Estrada , a former president himself . Family dynasties also play a role : Former first lady Imelda Marcos is running to fill the Congressional seat of her son , Ferdinand "  Bongbong , " who is running for Senate , while her Congresswoman daughter Imee is running for governor . Boxing champion Manny Pacquiao also threw his hat in the ring : He 's running for Congress too . In all . voters must fill some 17,000 other positions at the executive , legislative and local levels . A faulty test run of automated machines raised questions as late as Wednesday of whether the elections would even happen . A postponement would have stirred fears of a power vacuum on June 30 when President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is scheduled to end her nine years in office . Polls opened to crowds of waiting voters , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Manila . "  People are very excited , " Damon said , adding that the election-day mood was "  tinged with anxiety . " Polls were scheduled to remain open until 6 p.m. local time  10 a.m. GMT  . "  It 's a very crucial litmus test to our democracy , our fragile democracy , " said Leila De Lima , chairwoman of the Commission on Human Rights of the Philippines , which will be serving as an independent election monitor . "  The administration has been hounded by issues of corruption , human rights violations . People are looking forward to a new administration that will hopefully usher in meaningful changes . So , it 's very , very important . " "  The right of suffrage is a fundamental human right , " she added . The Philippine National Police  PNP  has been placed on nationwide full alert since last week , with all leaves canceled , and all 130,000 officers required to report for duty . An election ban on liquor sales and public consumption went into effect Sunday , with violators subject to one to six years in prison . Exemptions are made for hotels and tourist-oriented establishments with prior approval . A nationwide gun ban has already been in force since January 10 at the start of the election period . Vote buying is "  currently the most common form of cheating , " the PNP quoted its chief and director-general Jesus Verzosa as saying . Whereas in the past , people were paid to vote , this time they are paid to waive their right to vote and have their index fingers marked with ink , making them ineligible , according to PNP . Reports indicated some candidates were willing to pay identified supporters of their opponents not to vote , the PNP said on its Web site . The proliferation of guns and private armies , particularly those attached to political families , has contributed to a violent atmosphere , particularly in the country 's southern province of Maguindanao , where 57 people were massacred in November . The transparency of the election process also has also been called into question . Election watchdog group Kontra Daya on Saturday condemned the Commission on Elections ' approval of presidential son Juan Miguel Arroyo as first nominee of a political party made up entirely of security guards . The party is running as one of 187 "  party-list groups " that are designated as marginalized and underrepresented and would together comprise one-fifth of the House of Representatives . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video Last month Kontra Daya identified 40 questionable party-list groups , showing their links to various people in the Arroyo administration or the president 's family , including her sister-in-law , who represents a party of small entrepreneurs . Not to be outdone is the inclusion on millions of ballots of a person whose name may appear at the top of the list of presidential candidates -- and above Aquino 's -- despite being disqualified in March : Vetellano Acosta . The Commission on Elections said Acosta , who is listed under the "  KBL " party founded by Ferdinand Marcos , would remain on the ballot because so many ballots had already been printed . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	NEW : Killing of three people at mayoral candidate 's house under investigation Polls open and will close at 6 p.m. local time Voters choose a new president , vice president and 17,000 other positions Philippine National Police  PNP  on nationwide full alert since last week
CNN  -- Fans of Usher Raymond IV view him as a singing , dancing and acting superstar . Superstar performer Usher Raymond IV at the closing ceremony for Usher 's Camp New Look . But to a special group of young people , he is a mentor and a friend . "  He leads by example , " said Arnold "  Supa " LaFrance , a "  Mogul in Training " at Usher 's Camp New Look . "  Usher 's all about peace and love and giving back to the community , and it 's genuine . He does it when the cameras are on and when the cameras are off . " Now in its fifth year , the camp is a passion for the Grammy Award-winning artist , who each year gives more than a hundred teens from underserved communities across the country the opportunity to learn about the entertainment and sports industries . Thomas Springer , a 17-year-old Atlanta , Georgia , resident , has participated in the camp for four years and said he wants to use his talent in filmmaking and what he has learned at Camp New Look to help his community . "  Before I came to camp , I did n't think I had a voice in my community and that I could do anything based on my age , " Springer said . "  The camp let me know that no matter what your age , no matter what you do , you can make an impact on your community . " Usher came to fame as a teen and has sold millions of records , including the hit singles "  Yeah " and "  Confessions II . " His success has allowed him to become part owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team and to launch his own line of fragrances for men and women . The camp , the singer said , teaches participants the business aspects of the entertainment and sports industries and imparts the importance of being service-oriented . A selection committee selects campers that are nominated by partner organizations in various cities across the country . Now the father of two young boys , Usher said he is also enriched by the camp 's experience . "  It makes me a better man . It makes me a better individual , " he said . "  There 's a difference between hard work and heart work , and this would represent heart work . " Watch Usher talk about his camp " As a youngster , Usher participated in the Boys & Girls Clubs of America , and he said it helped shape his ideas about mentoring . "  I think that the Boys & Girls Club is a very positive environment for kids , " he said . "  It 's another place that allows you to be a product of your experience . I encountered a lot of people who became mentors for me there . " At this year 's closing ceremony for Usher 's Camp New Look , held at the Alliance Theater at Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta , the energy level was high as campers and their family members walked a red carpet alongside some of Usher 's celebrity friends , including NBA star Alonzo Mourning and San Francisco 49er Allen Rossum . The free , residential camp held for two weeks every summer in Atlanta is an outgrowth of Usher 's New Look Foundation , which he established to empower at-risk youth by giving them the skills necessary to enter careers in the sports and entertainment industries and working with them to provide employment opportunities . Mourning said Usher is one who understands that "  to whom much is given , much is required . " "  The service that Usher is providing for these kids with these educational opportunities and expanding their lives to a whole new level , it 's important that we all rally around these particular causes and support these initiatives , " Mourning said . Gabrielle Brou , 16 , a first-year camper from Ocean Springs , Mississippi , who aspires to be an actress , said there were countless opportunities at camp to network with successful people who are living the lives she hopes to achieve . "  Once I found out that there were ways I could better myself in acting , learn the business and also give back ... I decided that this camp would be really great for me , " she said . "  I would love to do it again next year . " Having a day set aside for the campers and their families to revel in all that they have achieved and their future possibilities left Usher with a huge smile on his face . "  It 's really good to see them be able to live out their dreams , " he said .	Usher 's Camp New Look helps kids from underserved communities Campers learn business behind entertainment and sports industries Singer serves as mentor to more than 100 participants Usher , who was mentored , said camp represents his "  heart work "
CNN  -- Former Philippines President Gloria Arroyo was stopped from boarding a plane at Manila 's Ninoy Aquino International Airport Tuesday , hours after the country 's Supreme Court overruled government-imposed restrictions on her travels . The Philippines government fears that Arroyo , who is facing allegations of corruption and electoral fraud , will flee if allowed to leave the country . But the Supreme Court ruled 8-5 in favor of a temporary restraining order on the travel ban , declaring it was unconstitutional as Arroyo has yet to be formally charged with a crime . A Supreme Court spokesman , Midas Marquez , told reporters the court 's ruling was "  consistent with the constitutional presumption of innocence . " Arroyo was reportedly boarding the flight to seek medical treatment abroad for her bone disease diagnosed earlier this year , following three unsuccessful spinal operations in the Philippines . She arrived at the airport in an ambulance and was transported to the departure gate in a wheelchair while wearing a neck brace . Arroyo 's lawyer , Raul Lambino , told CNN that the former first couple was "  subjected to indignity and embarrassment at the airport " , calling the government 's defiance of the Supreme Court order "  abhorrent and in violation of the rights of the individual guaranteed by the  Philippine 's  constitution and the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights . " But presidential spokesperson Edwin Lacierda described the situation as "  all high drama , " according to media reports . "  They  the Arroyos  want the public to sympathize with them , " he added . He said that while the Arroyo couple would be treated with dignity , the government would be "  firm in our decision not to allow them to leave the country . " Arroyo 's husband , Jose Miguel Arroyo , is also accused of corruption . The Supreme Court , which is mostly staffed by judges hired under Arroyo , defied current President Benigno Aquino 's stated mandate of investigating allegations of corruption during Arroyo 's 2001-2010 presidential term . Justice Secretary Leila de Lima said the government intends to appeal the court 's decision . Lambino told CNN that even though the government plans to file a motion for reconsideration , its defiance of the Supreme Court order yesterday was nevertheless "  illegal . "	Former Philippines president Gloria Arroyo stopped from boarding plane at Manila airport Supreme Court overruled government-imposed travel restrictions on Arroyo , but to no avail Philippines government fears that Arroyo is trying to flee the country to avoid corruption allegations
CNN  -- A friend of an elderly Arkansas couple has been charged with forcing the wife to try to rob a bank with a fake explosive device , police said Thursday . Authorities in Fayetteville arrested 60-year-old Paul Bradley on Thursday , three days after 73-year-old Betty Davis walked into a bank there and told a teller she had a bomb fastened to her ankle . Her husband , Dean Davis , said he has known Bradley for some time . "  I had coffee with him all last week , " said Davis , whom police said had been tied up in the couple 's home while his wife was forced to go to the bank by a masked assailant . "  One morning he paid for my coffee , and I 'd like to see him and pay him that back . " Bradley has been charged with aggravated burglary , theft of property , aggravated robbery and kidnapping , Washington County Sheriff Tim Helder told reporters . He said Bradley strapped the phony bomb onto Betty Davis and took her to the bank to force her to withdraw money from her account . Once inside , she told a teller about the plot and that she had been followed to the Arvest Bank branch . "  I felt like I needed to get out of that bank and get everyone out of danger , " Betty Davis said . "  If he did what he said he was going to do , he would blow it up and hurt all those people . " After Betty Davis talked to police , they went to the couple 's home and found Dean Davis tied up , police said . The assailant wore a mask and said little , so the couple was unable to identify their attacker at first . "  I would have never imagined that of him and never thought he would do something like that , " Dean Davis said . Helder said that authorities "  could n't have had better victims than the Davises . " "  They were very calm and collected , and she helped us identify the vehicle , " he said . The FBI assisted in the investigation , Fayetteville police spokesman Sgt. Craig Stout said . Police expect to bring additional charges against Bradley , including extortion , he said . In March 2011 Bradley received a suspended sentence for his involvement in a scheme to defraud local residents of thousands of dollars , Helder said .	Police say Paul Bradley forced a friend 's wife to attempt a bank robbery "  I had coffee with him all last week , " her husband said The woman told tellers she had a bomb strapped to her ankle when she went in Their assailant wore a mask and said little , so they were unable to identify their attacker at first
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded in a busy market in eastern Afghanistan Tuesday , killing more than 40 people , officials said , in what is said to be the single worst attack in the country this year . Afghan Deputy Interior Minister Mohammad Ayoub Salang said 42 people were killed and more than 30 others were wounded in the attack in the Urgon district of Paktika province . The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan had different figures , stating that at least 43 civilians , including eight children , were killed , and 67 were wounded . The car was driven by a suicide bomber who detonated explosives after police ordered him to stop his car , said Nissar Ahmad Abdulrahimzai , deputy police chief of Paktika province . Abdulrahimzai said he feared the death toll would rise and there is at least one government official reporting more deaths . The United Nations , which calls the assault a suicide attack , says it 's the single deadliest strike this year in the country . "  Today 's appalling attack during Ramadan -- an occasion that should observed in a spirit of peace and compassion -- should be condemned in the strongest possible terms and the perpetrators must be held accountable , " UNAMA head Jan Kubis said . The Taliban denied involvement . Another attack in Kabul Meanwhile , in the capital , Kabul , the Taliban claimed responsibility for an attack early Tuesday on a vehicle used by presidential palace employees . Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said in a statement to media that three people were killed and six others injured in the explosion . Hashmatullah Stanekzai , a spokesman for the Kabul police chief , earlier told CNN that at least two people were killed and five injured . He said all the victims were working in the presidential palace media department . Security remains a major concern in Afghanistan , from which the United States is due to withdraw most of its troops by year 's end . The latest violence comes amid disputes over the country 's recent presidential election . During a visit to Kabul on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced that an audit of votes would be carried out to decide the outcome of the election . Both candidates , Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , have alleged large-scale vote fraud and manipulation during the runoff last month .	NEW : More than 40 killed in Paktika market attack NEW : The U.N. says it 's the single worst attack this year in Afghanistan The device was detonated by a suicide bomber , a police official says Afghanistan continues to face major security challenges
CNN  -- Minimum wages are on top of the political agenda in many countries . U.S. President Barack Obama 's proposal to raise the federal minimum wage from the current $ 7.25 to $ 10 per hour seems blocked by Congress , but individual states and cities are raising minimum wages within their jurisdictions -- Seattle 's mayor , for example , proposes a new $ 15 minimum . Germany looks set to introduce a national minimum wage for the first time , after months of fierce debates . In the UK , politicians from all the main parties are falling over themselves to find some way to inject new vigor into the UK 's national minimum wage . Even the free market redoubt of Hong Kong introduced a national minimum wage in 2011 . But it 's not all travel in one direction . Last weekend , 76 % of voters were opposed to a proposal to raise the Swiss minimum wage to what would have been the world 's highest , about $ 25 per hour . So , why this widespread enthusiasm for the minimum wage ? There is both economics and politics at play . The main argument against the minimum wage is that it destroys jobs , harming those it sets out to help . But evidence suggests that this is often just a scare story . When the UK introduced its national minimum wage in 1999 , critics predicted hundreds of thousands of job losses . The actual impact seemed to be zero . This experience and other studies have shifted the expert opinion on the minimum wage . Few dispute that there comes a point at which minimum wage is so high that it destroys jobs . But this does not happen at the current levels of minimum wages in many countries . The reason the minimum wage seems to have little effect on employment , is that total labor costs do not rise as much as one would expect as costs of turnover and absenteeism are reduced . Moreover , the incentive to work rises as wages rise for low-skill workers . Most workers earning are not in sectors where they would be facing international competition so prices rise a little bit . And many low-paid workers are in an vulnerable economic position and are paid less than the value of what they produce . So yes , the minimum wage does help low-paid workers -- it raises their earnings without harming their job prospects . It helps to reduce poverty . But it alone can not solve the problem of poverty . Many people earning minimum wage , such as students , are not living in poor households . And many poor households do not contain minimum wage workers . Indeed , the poorest households are those with no-one in work . So why the push for higher mimum wage ? Many people think there is something very wrong with an economic system in which someone who works hard is still unable to provide an adequate standard of living for themselves and their families . Such views have always been common , but are much more common after the crisis when living standards are threatened and the link between growth and people 's welfare seems to have been severed . In some places , these political pressures seem likely to lead to minimum wages much higher than we have seen in recent experience , perhaps around 60 % of median earnings . This is the point at which many economists get nervous that the negative effects on employment must surely kick in but we do not have many studies to know whether these concerns are valid . But it seems likely we may be about to find out . Opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Manning .	Minimum wages are at the top of the political agenda in many countries Economist Alan Manning says the concept of minimum wage is popular with voters But there is a point at which minimum wage is so high that it destroys jobs , he says
CNN  -- Americans are watching more video online , on their cell phones and on television , according to the Nielsen Company 's latest "  three screen " report . Viewers are watching more television on more kinds of screens than ever . The report , issued Monday and covering the last three months of 2008 , shows that the average American television viewer is watching more than 151 hours of television per month -- an "  all-time " high -- up from more than 145 hours during the same period the previous year , Nielsen said . The increase in television watching is part of a long-term trend , said Nielsen spokesman Gary Holmes . He attributed the rise to a greater availability of televisions -- the average household has more televisions than people , he said -- and to niche programming . There are "  many , many more cable channels than before , " he said . Read the full report  PDF Also contributing to the increase are digital recorders , DVR and TiVo devices , which allow viewers to watch programs at their leisure rather than during the show 's slated time slots . Nielsen has dubbed such viewing "  timeshifted TV . " "  DVR has helped keep television alive and well , " said Robert Thompson , the founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  That 's made a lot of people watch more television than they used to , " he said . The use of recorders has risen by about 20,000 people from the fourth quarter in 2007 . In the fourth quarter of 2008 , about 73.9 million people used them , Nielsen said . Viewership of videos on the Internet and on mobile phones also increased from the summer months , Nielsen said , although the rise was more modest . People who watch video on the Internet spend about three hours doing so per month , and those who watch video on mobile devices spend nearly four hours per month that way . The presidential election likely helped augment viewership , Thompson said . The "  new series of this year was ` The Barack Obama Show , ' " he quipped . The tanking economy may also have played a role in the uptick in television watching , as Americans looked for low-cost ways to entertain themselves , some analysts said . Americans are staying at home instead of going out , and they 're also taking fewer vacations , said David Schick , an analyst with Stifel Nicolaus , an investment banking firm . And while Thompson and James Webster , a communication professor at Northwestern University , say the state of the economy certainly is n't going to hurt television viewership , both experts emphasized that the increased viewership trend is several years old . They also cautioned against reading too much into the Nielsen statistics . Though Nielsen reports Americans are watching five hours of television a day , Webster noted that Nielsen has no means of determining if they are paying close attention to the programs or if they just have them on in the background . People may have the television on while they are doing other things , Thompson added .	Nielsen report says average American viewer watching 151 hours of TV per month Digital recording , such as on TiVo devices , making it easier to watch more But study does n't indicate if viewers are paying attenion ; TV might be background
Full marks for ingenuity . Some 2,440 Chinese students taking a national exam have been caught using high-tech cheating gear that would n't be out of place in a spy film . According to state media , invigilators detected abnormal radio signals that were being used to transmit the answers in code to candidates , who wore wireless ear pieces or placed "  electronic erasers " on their desks . More than 25,000 students took the exam to become licensed pharmacists in the northwestern city of Xian on October 18 and 19 . The test took place in seven separate locations . The organizers of the scam sent fake candidates to take the test , who quickly left after memorizing the questions . They then broadcast the correct answers to candidates , who had paid $ 330 for the service . Jiang Xueqin , a Beijing-based education consultant , said that China 's high-stakes , exam-focused educational system had led to a culture of cheating . "  Most examples are not as flagrant or as stark as this but cheating is widespread because the focus is on getting the certification , not the skills you need in the work place . " Test centers for China 's notoriously competitive university entrance exam use metal detectors to clamp down on cheating devices , with security often tighter than at airports , he added . Nor do parents always frown upon such scams . In 2012 , when authorities tried to stop cheats in the city of Zhongxiang in Hubei , a riot broke out involving parents angry that their children were being singled out when everyone was cheating . Those caught cheating in the national licensing exam would not be allowed to take the exam again for two years , said Du Fangshuai , head of the provincial examination department .	Some 2,440 Chinese students have been caught using high-tech cheating gear in national exam Invigilators detected abnormal radio signals that were being used to transmit the answers Candidates wore wireless ear pieces or placed "  electronic erasers " on their desks
Dubai  CNN  -- A Norwegian woman who was sentenced to prison in Dubai after reporting that she was raped has been given a pardon and will be heading home soon , she said Monday . Speaking to reporters in Dubai , Marte Deborah Dalelv seemed relieved and happy as she confirmed the news -- if still slightly bewildered by the swift turn of events . "  They told me that I would be pardoned and that they were going to give me my passport back , so I got it immediately , " she said . Asked what happens next , Dalelv paused a moment before replying : "  I get to go home . " She added , "  We want to make it as soon as possible . " Dalelv has her passport in her possession and filed the paperwork for an exit visa Monday afternoon . She hopes to find out Tuesday when she can leave the country . A spokeswoman for Norway 's Foreign Ministry , Ragnhild Imerslund , said Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum had said Dalelv was free to travel where she wants and can remain in Dubai if she chooses . The sheikh , who is vice president of the United Arab Emirates , also said the 24-year-old had not been and would not be deported , Imerslund said . She is expected to travel in a day or two , the spokeswoman said . Dalelv , a Qatar-based interior designer , was on a work trip to Dubai when she reported to police that she had been raped by a colleague at the hotel where she was staying . She was herself then detained and charged with having unlawful sex , making a false statement and illegal consumption of alcohol . A court last week sentenced her to 16 months in prison , prompting outrage in Norway . Dalelv 's lawyer , Mahmoud Azab Abu Gareda , said the sheikh 's pardon is "  effectively a royal decree , " which wipes the slate clean , leaving no record of her conviction . This means the alleged perpetrator , who was charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage , also walks free , he said . Dalelv has dropped her case against him , so it will not be pursued further , he said . Men convicted of raping Swiss tourist in India ` Fantastic feeling ' Dalelv said she had not known what to expect when she went into a meeting Monday with the Dubai attorney general , her lawyers and Norway 's ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , Ase Elin Bjerke . "  I just went in with an open mind , and they said , ` Well , we are pardoning you . ' This is such a good day , " Dalelv said . "  Now I get my exit visa , and then I am going home to see my mum ! " Dalelv gave insight into the pressure she has been under , saying that she knew what had happened to her but that she had started to believe she was "  guilty emotionally . " She said it was a "  fantastic feeling " to have her freedom back and be able to leave Dubai , but at the same time she would miss the friends she has made . Bjerke , Norway 's envoy , said that her country had been working on Dalelv 's behalf for several months and that she was very grateful for the decision to issue a pardon . Bjerke said the case had resonated on social media in Norway and elsewhere . "  I think people can see themselves in Marte , " she said . "  She has done what a lot of people would do when they come and visit Dubai . You are out with your friends , and things roll on that you are not in control of . She is happy now , and we are happy with her , and she can return free to Norway . " Norway has a "  very good " relationship with the United Arab Emirates , Bjerke said , adding that she credited the openness between the two nations for the outcome of this case . Islamic laws , traditions Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Espen Barth Eide also welcomed news of Dalelv 's pardon . "  Marte is released ! Thanks to everyone who signed up to help #ReleaseMarte , " his Twitter feed said . Imerslund said "  very constructive " dialogue between the foreign ministers of Norway and the UAE , along with international pressure and interest , led to this outcome in Dalelv 's case . On Friday , Eide had called his UAE counterpart , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , to protest Dalelv 's conviction as "  contrary to fundamental human rights , " a weekend statement from the Norwegian ministry said . While Dubai has a reputation as a cosmopolitan city that boasts Western influences , where visitors can drink at bars and restaurants and unmarried couples can share hotel rooms , the country adheres to Islamic laws and traditions . Having sex outside of marriage and public consumption of alcohol are both violations of the law in the United Arab Emirates . Women 's rights violations not just a developing nation issue Fired from her job Dalelv no longer has a job with the company that sent her on the work assignment to Dubai . She said that a month after the rape , while forced to stay in Dubai as the case wound through the legal system , she was fired by her employer , Al Mana Interiors . A representative of Al Mana Interiors , who declined to be publicly identified , said Saturday that Dalelv and the Sudanese man she accused -- who is married with three children -- were both terminated by Al Mana Interiors for "  drinking alcohol at a staff conference that resulted in trouble with the police . " A statement released later the same day by Al Mana Interiors spokesman Hani El Korek said that the company was sympathetic toward Dalelv "  during this very difficult situation " and that her dismissal was not because of the rape claim . The statement said that company representatives were by her side through the initial investigation , spending "  days at both the police station and the prosecutor 's office to help win her release . " "  Only when Ms. Dalelv declined to have positive and constructive discussions about her employment status , and ceased communication with her employer , was the company forced to end our relationship with her , " the statement said . "  The decision had nothing to do with the rape allegation , and unfortunately neither Ms. Dalelv nor her attorneys have chosen to contact the company to discuss her employment status . " The company is owned by Qatari billionaire Wissam Al Mana , who made headlines this year after it was revealed that he secretly married singer Janet Jackson in 2012 . Raped on the job in America 's fields Rights record criticized The United Arab Emirates has been heavily criticized by rights groups that say it condones sexual violence against women . Human Rights Watch has called its record "  shameful , " saying it must change the way it handles such cases . In December 2012 , a British woman reported being raped by three men in Dubai . She was found guilty of drinking alcohol without a license and fined . In January 2010 , a British woman told authorities she was raped by an employee at a Dubai hotel . She was charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage . An Australian woman reported in 2008 that she was drugged and gang-raped . She was convicted of having sex outside marriage and drinking alcohol , and she was sentenced to 11 months in prison . Amanpour : What 's next for women 's rights in the Middle East ? CNN 's Nicola Goulding reported from Dubai and Jennifer Deaton in Atlanta ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Phil O'Sullivan , Dareen Al Omari and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Marte Dalelv says it is a "  fantastic feeling " to have her freedom back Dalelv says she has her passport now and wants to go home as soon as possible Norway : Dialogue , along with international pressure and interest , led to Dalelv 's release Lawyer : A royal pardon wipes the slate clean ; Dalelv 's alleged attacker also is free
CNN  -- Ukrainian authorities have dismantled an armed underground group they claim was plotting against the Kiev-based government and planned to launch an attack in a few days , that nation 's top security agency announced Saturday . Fifteen people were detained following a large-scale operation in the eastern city of Luhansk , the Security Service said in a statement . The raid also netted about 300 guns , a grenade launcher as well as numerous grenades , Molotov cocktails and a significant amount of knives , according to the agency . The Security Service alleges the group was plotting to carry out an attack April 10 in Luhansk . Those detained face charges that include betraying the government and weapons violations . Luhansk is on the border with Russia in eastern Ukraine , a region that some say could follow the lead of Crimea and soon fall under Moscow 's control . The city has a substantial Russian minority . A classified U.S. intelligence assessment last month identified Luhansk , along with Kharkiv and Dontesk , as possible targets for Russian forces seeking to establish a land bridge to Crimea . NATO says tens of thousands of Russian troops have massed near Ukraine 's border , amid fears they may seek to invade . Russia says its forces are just on military exercises . Those fears come on the heels of the ouster of Ukraine 's pro-Moscow president was ousted and the emergence of a new Western-leaning government in Kiev . That was followed by Crimea leaving Ukraine and being folded into Russia following a quickly organized referendum -- a move that derided by authorities in Kiev and officials in the West . Moscow 's recent moves have caused the worst crisis in East-West relations since the end of the Cold War . The United States and European Union have responded with asset freezes and travel bans against individuals and warned of further economic and diplomatic sanctions if Russia does not curb its activities . Speaking to reporters Saturday ahead of his arrival in Japan , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that the "  world will respond " to Russia 's annexation of Ukraine . "  I think any time you have a nation , Russia in this case , try to impose its will to define international boundaries and violate territorial integrity and sovereignty of a nation by force , all of the world takes note of that , " he said . "  All of the world should take note of that , and the world will respond to that . " CNN 's Elena Sandyrev contributed to this report .	Raid is in the eastern city of Luhansk , where the group was allegedly plotting attack 15 were detained , accused of betraying the government , weapons violations Authorities say they seized 300 guns , knives and a grenade launcher U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says the "  world will respond " to Russia 's actions
CNN  -- Two residents of Pawnee will soon bid farewell : Rob Lowe and Rashida Jones are exiting "  Parks and Recreation " during the show 's sixth season , EW has confirmed .  Buzzfeed first reported the news .  The pair will depart about halfway through the season , in the 13th episode . Jones has been with the show since it launched , starring as Ann Perkins , the unlucky-in-love , loyal best friend of Leslie Knope  Amy Poehler  . Lowe came aboard late in season 2 in a guest arc as Chris Traeger , the super-upbeat state auditor , and wound up becoming a series regular . Chris and Ann dated in season 3 , and were trying to have baby at the end of last season . Heidi Klum to guest star on ` Parks and Rec ' In a statement today , "  Parks " executive producer Michael Schur said : "  The news about Rob and Rashida is true  $ " they will be leaving the show after the 13th episode of the upcoming season six . We 've been working on their storyline  on and off  for four seasons now , and heading into this year , with the two of them contemplating parenthood , it felt like a natural time to move them into the next phase . We absolutely love both Rashida and Rob , and will be sad to see them go . Rashida was one of the very first people we knew we wanted in the cast , and as important as Ann is to Leslie  and vice-versa  , she 'll certainly never be far from Pawnee . Rob we initially thought we could only have for six or eight episodes , and we could n't be happier that he will have stuck around for 75 . They are wonderful , funny , committed actors , they 've been a huge part of the ` Parks and Rec ' family , and we think we have a great Pawnee send-off in the works for them . " Kristen Bell to play snooty City Councilwoman on ` Parks and Rec ' While it is unclear what that storyline is , Schur recently told EW that when the show resumes , things will be going well romantically for them . "  Their main thrust for the first chunk of episodes is just being a couple and dating  $ " and also obviously , trying to have a baby , " he said . Season 6 of Parks debuts Sept. 26 with an hour-long premiere that features a trip to London and guest stars Heidi Klum , Henry Winkler and Lucy Lawless . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rob Lowe and Rashida Jones will exit during season six The TV couple will try for a baby in the remaining episodes Season premiere features guest stars Heidi Klum , Henry Winkler
From the first time you step into eastern Congo , you find yourself surrounded by the exotic and extraordinary , be it flora and fauna or the just plain incongruous -- the severed wing of a Russian aircraft stored on the side of the road , or a boy with a gun . The place is pulsating with the heat and energy of a population of people fighting to survive just one more day . But the violence here is as intense as this intoxicating , heady mix of Africa at its best and worst . Eastern Congo has been called the "  rape capital of the world " by U.N. Special Representative Margot Wallstrom . Reports record that 48 women are raped every hour . I have been working in the region for 10 years and have seen a tragic development in this unpunished crime against the heart of society . I first went to a town called Shabunda , deep in the forest . It was October 2001 and circumstances brought me to Congo rather than Afghanistan . A small twin-engined plane was the only way in . And out . It was the height of the war and I was with a returning team from the medical NGO Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  . They had pulled out because of the regular attacks on the town , but had decided it was safe to bring their team of three back : there was such a need for medical help here . As the plane taxied its way precariously down the grass airstrip , we knew we were waving goodbye to the only escape route we had . I was there for a week . A week hearing terrifying stories of torture and rape . Multiple rapes . Violent , brutal rape . Rape with sticks and guns , even bayonets . Women told me of their daily choice -- to stay at home and face starvation . Or , go out to the fields for food and be raped . Most women chose the latter . It had become the norm . The war continued until 2003 , when a peace treaty was signed . Officially , the fighting came to an end , but it did n't stop . Nor did the rape . I returned to Shabunda in 2005 to find the women I had interviewed and photograph four years earlier . It was an unsettling search , for most of those women had died or disappeared in the forest after an attack , never to be seen again . The new women I met had similar tales of horror . But there was a twist . The people I spoke to this time related organized rape camps , with daily roll-calls . There was a new efficiency in the rape , it had become an integrated part of the rebel forces lives . As these women told me , it was now systematic . Some years later , in 2009 , I returned to make a film about rape and found a disturbing new trend . Women told me how they expected to be raped . Not once but many times . The women I met , spoke of gang rapes , three or four times . Sometimes it was "  only " two soldiers , more often gangs of men ,10 , 20 , over and over again . Many had conceived children and the girl children , some just babies only a few months old , were being raped as well . Rape has now become generational . In Panzi hospital , Bukavu , Dr. Mukwege , a general surgeon continues to work tirelessly to repair these damaged women . I met one of his patients . She was a cheerful little girl , it was impossible not to be drawn to her smile . The nurse saw me playing with her said : "  You know she 's HIV-positive . " She was just three years old . Her twin sister had been killed when she and her mother had been raped . This little girl had been conceived from rape . It makes difficult reading , but not nearly as difficult as it is for the women survivors , who are living with the consequences and stigma of rape . Not least one particular woman , Masika Katsuva . She 's tiny , barely five foot tall but is a giant of a personality . Her story has inspired many of us , it is so bleak but also hopeful because she 's providing an answer to these women . The African beauty empowering women Like so many women survivors , she too was rejected when she and her two teenage daughters were raped by militia men . Her husband was murdered in front of her , chopped up and she was forced to eat his private parts . Her two daughters Rachel and Yvette were 15 and 13 years old , and both of them conceived children . Masika 's husband 's family rejected them and she brought her daughters and their babies to a market town hugging the shore of Lake Kivu to try and rebuild their lives . This year I made a film about her and her work . She 's taking care of 170 women at the moment , they call her Mama Masika . Over the past 10 years she 's helped more than 6,000 victims of rape , providing them with a wide range of care -- practical , medical and psychological . She has created a community in an area that is not regularly attacked , providing support to anyone who wants it , and she uses a farm to bring them together . That field is their hope , their therapy and their source of food and income . They come to this refuge as victims , punished by the violation of rape , blamed and rejected by their families and the local community . Masika has become a mother figure to the women and their children -- the results of rape -- and as they plant , tend , harvest and finally sell their crops they begin to heal together . Masika tries to dream of a better future , but she 's also realistic . She wants her women to be able to stop doing manual labor in the fields and learn skills like sewing . But for that to happen , she believes , the fighting and the rape must stop . She looks me in the eye , and with a sigh , says : "  But I do n't see either the rape or the fighting ending today . "	Eastern Congo has been called the "  rape capital of the world " Writer has noticed disturbing trend of generational rape Dr. Mukwege , a general surgeon , works tirelessly to repair women damaged by rape
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Nearly 3,900 people , including about 540 children , are believed to have died from the H1N1 flu in the first six months of the epidemic , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday . The figure is a sharp increase from previous counts of laboratory-confirmed cases . But Dr. Anne Schuchat , the director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , said the estimate gives a "  more accurate picture " of the scale of the pandemic . The figure was based on a detailed analysis of data from several dozen districts around the country , she said . The method used to calculate the mortality figures is similar to that used to produce estimates of ordinary seasonal flu deaths , which are believed to number about 36,000 a year . An estimated 22 million people in the United States have contracted the virus , commonly known as swine flu , resulting in about 98,000 hospitalizations through October 17 , Schuchat said . Among children under 18 , about 8 million are believed to have been sickened , 36,000 have been hospitalized and 540 have died , a much higher number than the 129 laboratory-confirmed child deaths the CDC reported November 6 . About 12 million adults up to age 64 had been reported ill , with 53,000 hospitalizations in that age group and 2,900 deaths . People over age 65 accounted for 2 million illnesses , 9,000 hospitalizations and 440 deaths , Schuchat said . The prevalence of flu cases is higher than at any time since the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic , she said , but the death rate is "  nowhere near the severity of the 1918 pandemic . " Schuchat said 41.6 million doses of H1N1 vaccine are now available , up from 38 million last week , but "  not as much as we 'd hoped to have by today . " She told reporters last week that about 8 million new doses were expected this week . The Department of Health and Human Services has ordered 75 million doses of swine flu vaccine for delivery by year 's end , and the CDC had predicted that 40 million doses would be available by the end of October . Production delays have hampered agency plans , and the lag has led to criticism of the program . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday found Americans are starting to lose confidence in the government 's ability to prevent a nationwide epidemic , though a narrow majority continue to say that the government and private industry will eventually produce enough of the vaccine to inoculate everyone who wants it .	About 540 children are among the 3,900 H1N1 flu deaths , the CDC said Since mid-October , an estimated 22 million people have contracted the virus Prevalence of flu is higher than anytime since 1918 Spanish flu pandemic , director says
CNN  -- For the first time in 78 years , a British man took to the grass courts of the All England Club as reigning Wimbledon champion . If 2013 winner Andy Murrray was feeling the weight of history on his shoulders , it did n't show as he secured a comfortable 6-1 6-4 7-5 victory over Belgium 's David Goffin on the first day of the tournament Monday . Last year Murray became Britain 's first men 's singles champion since Fred Perry won the last of his three consecutive crowns in 1936 . The third seed began his defense by seeing off the challenge of world No. 105 Goffin in two hours and two minutes . It was a milestone success for the Scot , who registered the 450th win of his career to set up a second round meeting with 92nd-ranked Slovenian Blaz Rola . Novak Djokovic also began his 2014 campaign in convincing fashion with a straight sets win over Andrey Golubev . Last year 's losing finalist is ranked no. 1 for this year 's tournament and showed why taking the opening 11 games of the match before going onto thrash his Kazakhstani opponent 6-0 6-1 6-4 . Sixth seed Tomas Berdych also booked a second round spot with victory over Romania 's Victor Hanescu . The big Czech , who reached the 2010 Wimbledon final , lost the opening set on the tiebreak on Court No. 2 before coming back to win in four sets 6-7  7/5  6-1 6-4 6-3 . Berdych 's reward is a second round match with Australia 's Bernard Tomic who beat Evgeny Donskoy of Russia 6-4 6-3 6-2 . Spain 's David Ferrer eased through to the second round with a four-set win over his compatriot Pablo Carreno Busta . The seventh seed -- a two-time quarter finalist -- lost the second set on the tiebreak but was otherwise untroubled in a 6-0 6-7  7/3  6-1 6-1 victory . No. 11 seed Grigor Dimitrov is also safely through to the second round after comfortably beating Ryan Harrison of the U.S. . The Bulgarian carried the good form he displayed in winning the Queen 's Club title edging the first set on the tiebreak before notching a comfortable 7-6  7/1  6-3 6-2 win . Maria Sharapova 's other half will play Luke Saville in round two . But 18th seed Fernando Verdasco is out though following defeat to Australia 's Marinko Matosevic . The Spaniard , who lost to Murray in an epic five-set quarterfinal on Center Court 12 months ago , was dumped out in four sets  6-4 4-6 6-4 6-2  on court no. 8 by the Bosnian-born Matosevic . Italy 's Fabio Fognini prevailed in a marathon match against America 's Alex Kuznetzov out on court no. 18 . Kuznetzov looked odds on to progress after taking a two-set lead but the Italian , seeded 16 , won the next two before clinching the deciding set 9-7 . Sloane and Sam slip up The women 's competition also got under way with former world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka battling past spirited Croat Mirjana Lucic-Baroni 6-3 7-5 . The Belorussian eighth seed will play Serb Bojana Jovanovski for a place in round three . Australian Open champion Li Na is also safely through . The no. 2 seed from China beat Poland 's Paula Kania 7-5 6-2 . Li 's opponent in the final at Melbourne , Dominika Cibulkova made light work of Aleksandra Wozniak dispatching the Canadian 6-1 6-2 . The 10th seed from Slovakia will play Belgium 's Alison Van Uytvanck in round two . But there was disappointment for rising American star Sloane Stephens , who failed to advance beyond the first round of a grand slam for the first time since Wimbledon 2011 . The 18th seed was beaten 6-2 7-6  8-6  by Russia 's Maria Kirilenko , who will play China 's Shuai Peng . Sam Stosur wo n't be improving here poor record at Wimbledon after being dumped out on day one by Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer in straight sets . The Australian , seeded 17 , has never got past the third round and ended another dismal day in SW19 losing 6-3 6-4 . Five-time champion Venus Williams enjoyed a happier time on court Monday with a three-set win over Spain 's Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor . Williams , seeded 30 this year , took the first set 6-4 before Torro-Flor fought back to take the second by the same scoreline , but it was the 34-year-old veteran who asserted her authority in the final set taking it 6-2 . Younger sister Serena will kick off her quest for a sixth Wimbledon crown on Tuesday . Williams junior will start her bid for an 18th grand slam title against world no. 114 Anna Tatishvili -- a Georgian-born player now representing the U.S.	Andy Murray begins his Wimbledon defense with victory The third seed beats Belgium 's David Goffin in straight sets Czech Tomas Berdych also safely into the second round Victoria Azarenka also victorious as American Sloane Stephens crashes out
The Food and Drug Administration on Thursday took a step toward essentially a total ban on artificial trans fats in America 's food supply . This is not a trivial change . Not that long ago , trans fats were a part of all kinds of processed foods . Partially hydrogenated oils , as they are otherwise known , tend to improve both the shelf life and flavor of many foods . Trans fats have been around for more than a hundred years . They 're used in a wide range of foods , from frozen pizza to microwave popcorn to packaged cookies . But trans fats are amazingly bad for you . By the 1990s , evidence was building that trans fats carried a significant risk for increasing coronary heart disease . Specifically , they were found not only to increase your level of low-density lipoprotein  LDL , or bad cholesterol  but to decrease your level of high-density lipoprotein  HDL , or good cholesterol  . Because of this , the negative effects of trans fats are about double those of saturated fat  which is n't that good for you , either  . It gets worse . Trans fats also increase your level of lipoprotein  a  and triglycerides , both of which are thought to be associated with cardiovascular disease . These laboratory findings bear out in all kinds of epidemiologic studies showing that a diet containing higher levels of trans fats carried greater health risk than a diet similarly high in saturated fat . There has been a longstanding argument that we should stop using trans fats . The American Heart Association recommends that people 's diets contain 2 grams or less of trans fats a day . That amount is what you might normally get in dairy products and meat . But if you eat processed foods , you 'll end up consuming more trans fats . In 2006 , the FDA started mandating that food labels list the amount of trans fats in foods in order to make consumers aware of their hazard . Some companies have made an effort to stay away from trans fats . McDonalds stopped using them 7 years ago . Burger King has a minimal amount in its foods , and that 's from small amounts that are present naturally in meat and cheese . New York banned trans fats in restaurants in 2007 . It was a controversial decision at the time , but consumption of trans fats in the city has dropped dramatically because of the ban . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that removing trans fats from the U.S. food supply could prevent about 20,000 heart attacks a year and 7,000 deaths from cardiovascular disease . Finally , the FDA issued a Federal Register notice announcing that trans fats are not "  generally recognized as safe . " Such a notice allows a period of time for people and businesses to comment and offer opinions and evidence if they believe that trans fats should not be banned . Of course , there are costs to such a move . The FDA estimates that it will cost about $ 8 billion initially to remove trans fats from the food supply . It believes the 20-year costs to be between $ 12 billion and $ 14 billion . I think it 's likely that processed food producers will comply . There 's almost no good evidence -- or argument -- to support the continued use of trans fats . In fact , it 's been reported that some manufacturers have voluntarily lowered the use of trans fats by almost 75 % in the past eight years . Given these moves , it 's not hard to imagine them going the rest of the distance . There is some irony in this , of course . Trans fats first became more common in our diet because they were believed to be safer than animal fats  think margarine instead of butter  . Turns out the opposite is true . The FDA 's actions are putting us on the road to correcting that mistake , hopefully sooner rather than later .	The FDA took a first step toward eliminating artificial trans fats in food supply Aaron Carroll : FDA made the right move , since trans fats are very bad for people He says evidence shows trans fats increase bad cholesterol and heart disease Carroll : It 's likely food suppliers will comply despite the costs of removing trans fats
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Stop brooding over the financial crisis , and start packing . Some tour operators are offering packages to Hawaii at prices lower than a year ago . The economic downturn has dealt a heavy blow to the global travel industry as travelers have tightened their grasp on their wallets . But there is a silver lining to the meltdown . The turmoil has roiled currency markets , making some once-pricey trips more affordable . Other popular spots are rolling out deals and special packages in a bid to lure travelers . Whether you 're paying in dollars , pounds or euros , there 's a travel deal out there for you . Here 's a look at four of them . Cool as ice Iceland was once prohibitively expensive for many people , but now the tiny island nation is rebranding itself as a budget destination . Iceland 's economy was booming a few years ago , fueled by the availability of cheap credit . But the collapse of the country 's financial system has reversed its fortunes . The government has nationalized the banking system and the Icelandic currency -- the krona -- went into freefall . Now the Icelandic Tourist Board is wooing travelers by highlighting the favorable exchange rate . Icelandair is offering a Christmas special for travelers from the U.S. . The package - which includes airfare , a three-night hotel stay , a visit to the Blue Lagoon and airport transfers - starts at $ 699 a person for a double room . For European visitors , it 's promoting a number of three-night city breaks  flights and hotel included  . Packages from London start at # 249 . See photos of Iceland and other places you can catch a bargain " Surf 's up The downturn in the U.S. has hit Hawaii tourism hard . Visitor arrivals are expected to tumble nine percent this year , making it the biggest annual drop since 2001 , according to the University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization . Hawaii has suffered from a sharp decline in flights from the mainland . Aloha Airlines and ATA accounted for roughly 20 percent of flights to the Big Island from North America before going out of business earlier this year . In response to slumping visitor arrivals , Hawaii 's Visitors and Convention Bureau has teamed up with a variety of travel wholesalers to offer air-hotel packages . "  The savings being offered mean the cost of a Hawaii vacation can now be less than a year ago , " John Monahan , the bureau 's chief , said in a statement . Liberty Travel is offering free nights at several hotels . Classic Vacations is offering an air credit of up to $ 500 for stays of five nights or longer booked through the end of the year . London calling While a trip to London still ca n't be called cheap , the British pound 's recent decline means costs are falling dramatically for foreign visitors , particularly Americans . Concerns of a deep recession in the UK have sparked the pound 's decline . In the last three months , the pound -- which traded near $ 2 in August -- has lost roughly 20 percent of its value against the dollar . Aside from the falling pound , some hotels are offering special promotions . The Hoxton Urban Lounge , a stylish boutique hotel located near London 's financial district , routinely sells rooms for # 1 a night . But travelers should be warned : Snagging one of the rooms can be tough . The last time the hotel offered the promotion , the rooms -- which normally cost from # 59 to # 199 -- sold out in 26 minutes . The next sale is scheduled for January . Into the wild If you fancy a walk on the wild side , now 's the time to net yourself a bargain . Amid the financial market meltdown , investors have been flocking to safe-haven investments . The aversion to risk has hit the currencies of several emerging market economies , including the South African rand . The rand touched a record low against the euro and a six-year low against the dollar last month . The drop in the rand means adventure trips like safaris are becoming more affordable for foreign tourists . Several luxury safari lodges have recently cropped in and around South Africa 's Kruger National Park -- an ideal perch for viewing the wildlife that roams the unspoiled landscape . A luxury tent at Tanda Tula Safari Camp currently runs around 4,250 rand per person per night . At the current exchange rate , that comes to about $ 430 -- or roughly $ 160 less than you would have paid in early August . Have some useful travel tips ? Share them in the SoundOff below .	Travel deals to popular destinations are a silver lining of the financial meltdown Weak currencies make countries like Iceland and South Africa more affordable Discounts are being rolled out to lure budget-conscious travelers
CNN  -- Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he is taking a break from his re-election campaign to seek help for alcohol abuse -- hours after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly shows him smoking crack cocaine . "  It 's not easy to be vulnerable and this is one of the most difficult times in my life , " Ford said in a statement Wednesday . "  I have a problem with alcohol , and the choices I have made while under the influence . I have struggled with this for some time . " The statement , provided to CNN by Canada 's CTV News , comes after the Toronto Globe and Mail reported on the new video . In the video purportedly filmed Saturday , the newspaper reports Ford is seen smoking what a drug dealer described to the paper as crack cocaine from a copper-colored pipe . Two Globe and Mail reporters viewed the video , and the publication said it was shot in what appears to be Ford 's sister 's basement . The paper said the substance in the pipe could not be confirmed . The video is part "  of a package of three videos the dealer said was surreptitiously filmed around 1:15 a.m. , and which he says he is now selling for ` at least six figures , ' " the paper reported . Leave is immediate Shortly after the newspaper confronted the Mayor about the video , Ford announced he was taking a break to get help . "  Today , after taking some time to think about my own well-being , how to best serve the people of Toronto and what is in the best interests of my family , I have decided to take a leave from campaigning and from my duties as mayor to seek immediate help , " he said . His lawyer , Dennis Morris , told CNN that Ford 's leave begins immediately . "  He has to take a break to re-energize , because he realizes he has flaws that have to be addressed , " Morris told CTV . But Morris told the Globe that he questioned the authenticity of the video , and said it is hard to prove what the Mayor is smoking . "  If these guys are drug dealers and there 's money involved , they can say whatever they want to get more money , to extract more money from the people who are paying , " he said of the seller . The Globe said it did not buy the video , adding it purchased screen grabs from the three clips . Fall from grace Ford 's fall from grace started in May 2013 when a cell phone video taken months earlier appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . Despite intense public pressure , he remained defiant and denied using any illicit drugs . In November , the city council stripped him of most of his power as mayor . That did n't stop Ford , though . He ignored calls to enter rehab or resign , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . "  If you think American-style politics is nasty , you guys have just attacked Kuwait , " he said then to groans and laughter in the city council chambers . Seeking another term And none of this stopped Ford from seeking another term in office , something he 's done for the past few months despite continued public ridicule and other challenges . In January , he admitted he had suffered a "  minor setback " after a video posted on social media showed him babbling about the city 's police chief while at a fast-food restaurant . Again , he insisted that he 'd had a small amount to drink , but he had n't taken any drugs . "  As you know , I 'm a human being -- the same as every one of you , " he told reporters at the time . "  And I 'm entitled to a personal life , and my personal life does not interfere with the work I do , day-in and day-out , for the taxpayers of this great city . " CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report	His break comes after a new report linked him to substance abuse The report surfaced on Canadian media "  It 's not easy to be vulnerable and this is one of the most difficult times in my life , " Ford says
Mecca , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Chanting "  Allahu Akbar " -- God is Greater than any -- more than 2 million pilgrims crossed new pedestrian bridges Saturday to perform one of the last rituals of the Hajj season . Jamarat is a re-enactment of an event when Prophet Abraham stoned the devil and rejected his temptations , according to Muslim traditions . The ritual stoning of three pillars , which occurs in the tent city of Mina -- about two miles from Mecca , was the scene of stampedes and many deaths in the 1980s and 1990s as pilgrims passed a crowded bottleneck area leading to the small pillars on the ground . But this year the Saudi government completed a new project that avoids past congestion at the site . The government has erected three massive pillars and completed a $ 1.2 billion , five-story bridge nearby where pilgrims can toss stones . Authorities and pilgrims say it 's a roomier atmosphere and more efficient way to accommodate the faithful . "  Everything went fine so far , " Col. Khakled Qarar Mohammadi , head of the emergency forces at Jamarat , told CNN . "  It is an immense responsibility that we had to deal with . About 3 million pilgrims move in a small geographic area at the same time wanting to do the same ritual . So we have been preparing for this for years now . " Irtiza Hasan , a pilgrim from the United States , said all went well at the ceremony . "  The only incident I saw was that there were some handicapped women who were turned away in fears that they get hurt . " But Mohammadi said , "  There are 10 vans on the second floor especially designated to serve the elderly and handicapped . Each van can take up to 14 pilgrims . " As a measure to alleviate harm , according to Muslim traditions , the elderly and the handicapped can appoint someone else to stone for them . The five-story Jamarat bridge is air-conditioned at 19 degrees Centigrade , or 66 Fahrenheit , throughout the day and backed by water sprinklers that can reduce the temperature to about 29 degrees C , or 84 F . The bridge is designed to allow the addition of seven more levels to hold as many as 5 million pilgrims in the future if the need arises . According to authorities , the bridge is 950 meters  1,039 yards  long and 80 meters  87 yards  wide . Each floor is 12 meters  13 yards  high with three tunnels and 12 entrances and 12 exits in six directions . It has a helicopter pad for emergencies . According to Mohammadi , the project has 509 advanced closed-circuit television cameras monitoring pilgrims ' movements . Those cameras feed into the main operations room , which oversees the Jamarat Bridge and the surrounding areas -- all screened by dozens of security officers on 72 monitors at the operation room . The stoning ritual is done over at least two days , where pilgrims stone three pillars at Mina -- believed to be where the Prophet Abraham stoned the devil when he tried to dissuade him from obeying God 's orders to slaughter his son . According to tradition , the event was a test from God , who gave Abraham a ram to slaughter instead . The last ritual that marks the end of Hajj is when pilgrims go from Mina to Mecca to make a last visit to al-Masjid al-Haram , Islam 's holiest site , before going back home . The ritual is called Tawaf al-Wada ' a -- or farewell circumambulation in the holy mosque . It 's where pilgrims go around the black cube seven times counter-clockwise asking that their Lord accept their pilgrimage and grant them another visit to the holy city .	Goverment constructed three new massive pillars , five-story bridge for Hajj ritual Jamarat re-enacts Abraham 's stoning the devil , according to Muslim tradition Ritual was scene of deadly stampedes as pilgrims crammed through bottleneck The air-conditioned bridge is 950 meters long , 80 meters wide ; each floor is 12 meters high
CNN  -- The death toll from a cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to more than 330 , and officials believe Hurricane Tomas may worsen the situation as it approaches , a U.N. spokeswoman said Saturday . The number of confirmed cholera cases has climbed to 4,764 , with 337 deaths , said Imogen Wall , spokeswoman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Haiti , citing information provided by the Haitian government . Those numbers represent the people that were able to make it to the hospital , she said . Another 200 cases are suspected in the nation 's West Department , or province , she said . What is cholera ? Tracking maps show Hurricane Tomas nearing Haiti on Thursday as a Category 3 hurricane . U.N. peacekeepers said Thursday that preliminary tests on a suspected source of the cholera outbreak were negative . The U.N. mission in Haiti is testing waste and sewage water at the back of a Nepalese military base that is part of the U.N. operations . The first tests showed no signs of cholera , officials said earlier this week . The mission said it "  has taken very seriously the allegations that sewage water coming from latrines at the back of the Nepalese military base in Mirebalais could be the source of the cholera outbreak in Haiti . " Cholera cases up worldwide Suspicions about the Nepalese base arose from reports that water was collecting at the back of the base . It was believed to be overflow from the latrine or a septic tank . U.N. engineers examined the base and concluded that the standing water was not from the latrine of septic tank , but from a soak pit that receives water from the kitchen and the shower area , the U.N mission said . "  This soak pit is located three meters from the latrines , hence misleading passers-by into believing that the soaked ground close to latrines is caused by the overspill of human waste , " it said . All human waste from the camp is collected in seven septic tanks that are emptied out and discharged in a local landfill as authorized by the local government , the United Nations said . The agency also noted that all 710 Nepalese soldiers underwent medical tests , and tested negative for cholera , before deployment to Haiti earlier this month .	The death toll from a cholera outbreak is 337 Another 200 cases are suspected Tomas is expected to near Haiti on Thursday
CNN  Before you dismiss President Obama 's proposal of two years of free community college as frivolous government spending , let me toss a number out at you : 500 % . That 's roughly how much college costs have increased between 1985 and today . Compare that with wages , which have increased by about 140 % over the same time period and you begin to understand why Americans owe $ 1.4 trillion in student loan debt . Had the rise in college costs stayed in line with the inflation , the $ 10,000 to send your kid to school in 1985 would have been $ 21,947.12 today . Instead it 's over $ 50,000 . If college was still a luxury , like say a Mercedes-Benz , then sure , dismiss the high price as a personal problem . But it 's important to point out that while much of the 2012 presidential debate focused on the economy and job creation , employers were sitting on 3 million unfilled jobs because Americans did n't have the skills needed to fill them . By 2020 , one third of all new job openings will require some postsecondary education , according to a study conducted by Georgetown University . If you still think a proposal to make community college free is just a liberal handout , then you 're living in the past . The reality is bachelor degrees are the high school diplomas of the 21st century . And whether you like President Obama or not is irrelevant , because the skills gap that has been a drag on our economy is not go away after 2016 . Neither will the postsecondary sticker shock that discourages people from trying to get the skills necessary to be employable in any field beyond those found in the low-paying service industry . Any White House hopeful who talks about creating jobs at a campaign stop but fails to mention the cost of a college education is just a windbag looking for applause . President Obama 's domestic policy has n't been perfect , but he 's quietly pushed through a number of measures that have made college more affordable . For example , his administration doubled the money for Pell Grants , capped new loan payments at 10 % of income and expanded education tax credits , providing up to $ 10,000 for four years of college tuition . His latest proposal does not address the problem of runaway college costs . And it will take a degree of fiscal gymnastics to pay $ 3,800 in tuition for each of the 9 million students the administration is estimating would take advantage of the program . But it is a mistake to immediately shoot holes into the K-14 conversation and allow all the good it could do sink into the abyss of partisan gamesmanship . The administration compares the long-reaching impact of free community college with that of the compulsory laws , which made school attendance mandatory , and the progressive era , which made high school more accessible . These were seminal moments in this country 's workforce history . Shifting the thinking around postsecondary education from a luxury to an integral part of citizenship would not only provide financial relief -- especially for families who are too rich to receive traditional aid and too poor to pay out of pocket -- but would keep our workforce competitive . It would also help our economy . Despite the addition of 252,000 new jobs in December and an unemployment rate of 5.6 % , we know there are hundreds of thousands of people who have stopped looking for work because they do not believe there are jobs for them . We know there are millions who are working part time involuntarily . And we know there are 500,000 unfilled jobs in manufacturing alone -- good paying , full-time work waiting for workers with the right skills . It is unlikely the newly christened Republican Congress will debate , let alone pass what Obama is proposing if for no other reason than he 's the one proposing it . They will say if the President wants to create jobs he should green light the Keystone pipeline , as if the 35 permanent jobs projected to come from it will impact the unemployment rate . Such is life in Partisan America , I guess . If we 're lucky , this proposal would open the door to a substantive debate that will unfold as Hillary Clinton , Jeb Bush , Mitt Romney and other presidential hopefuls look for ways to differentiate themselves from the pack . Or maybe common sense would win out . By 2025 , 55 % of new jobs in Tennessee will require at least a two-year degree . Currently , only 32 % of state residents have one . In response , Gov. Bill Haslam introduced the "  Tennessee Promise " scholarships last year , becoming the first state to make community college free . All students need to do is prove they are state residents , maintain a 2.0 GPA and do eight hours of community service per semester . Haslam , a Republican , understood that for his state to be competitive with the rest of the country , he had to address the looming skills gap . This is the model the President hopes to replicate to keep the country competitive with the rest of the world . Paying for it will no doubt be a major sticking point for his critics . However , skirting this topic altogether will undoubtedly cost us all a lot more .	LZ Granderson : President Obama 's proposal of two years of free community college is smart Soaring college costs take a toll on Americans ' education and skills , as well as our job market
CNN  -- Whether you 're into fashion design , the culinary arts or watching famous pop stars make and break the dreams of hopeful singers , reality programming offers something for everyone . But if the multiple series dedicated to families with up to 19 kids  and counting  have taught us anything , it 's that we 're fresh out of original content . Marketed as "  the future of fashion design shows , " NBC 's "  Fashion Star " premiered Tuesday . And despite mixed reviews , the Elle Macpherson-hosted show manages an innovative feel by borrowing bits and pieces from existing series . In other words , if "  Project Runway " and "  Shark Tank " were one show , that show would be called "  Fashion Star . " "  In 2012 , there are so many channels and reality shows out there , it 's hard to come up with a concept where everything is completely new , " said Steve Carbone of RealitySteve.com . On the new NBC series , aspiring designers try to sell their fashions to retailers , just like entrepreneurs pitch their ideas to potential investors on ABC 's "  Shark Tank . " Similarly , the network 's other brainchild , "  The Voice , " found success by adding rotating chairs and teams to "  American Idol 's " winning formula .  The model originated in the Netherlands as "  The Voice of Holland " in 2010 . "  Let 's face it , " Carbone said , "  after the judges turn their chairs around , ` The Voice ' becomes ` The X Factor . ' Each judge has a team . Each team competes every week . Someone gets eliminated . ... It comes down to which personalities you like better . " Based on "  The X Factor 's " recent shake-up -- judges Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger and host Steve Jones all got the boot -- it 's clear audiences preferred the likes of "  Voice " mentors Christina Aguilera , Cee Lo Green , Adam Levine and Blake Shelton . Boasting mentors like Jessica Simpson , Nicole Richie and designer John Varvatos  in addition to featuring clothing buyers from retail giants like Macy 's , Saks Fifth Avenue and H&M  , "  Fashion Star 's " star power could be enough to attract viewers , said April Bernard , US Weekly 's senior TV editor . "  The show  does n't feel as fresh as it could , even though everyone is touting it as a fresh new idea , " Bernard said . While Hank Stuever of The Washington Post said the show deserves a shot for it its "  originality and conceptual pizzazz , " the Los Angeles Times ' Mary McNamara wrote : " ` Fashion Star is NBC 's attempt to refurbish ` Project Runway . ' ... It gets old really fast . As in , halfway through the pilot . " "  Fashion Star " joins past and present fashion programs like "  24 Hour Catwalk , " "  Launch My Line , " "  The Fashion Show " and CBS 's short-lived "  The Cut . " But Lifetime 's "  Project Runway , " which aired on Bravo for the first five of its nine seasons , remains a juggernaut in the fashion arena . "  Knock-off shows that are lame imitations usually do n't work , while innovation does , " Realityblurred.com 's Andy Dehnart wrote in an e-mail . This could be why the many "  Bachelor " copycats , from "  Joe Millionaire " to "  More to Love , " have n't experienced the same success as ABC 's long-running franchise , which now includes "  The Bachelorette " and "  Bachelor Pad . " "  As stupid and silly as the show is , it 's absolutely the gold standard for reality dating shows , " said Carbone . None of the copycats found success , unless you include VH1 dating shows like "  Flavor of Love " and "  I Love New York , " Carbone added . "  VH1 's version  of ` The Bachelor '  is just a lot trashier . " "  The best kind of knockoff show just uses an existing idea as a jumping-off point , " Dehnart said . " ` The Voice ' succeeded and ' X Factor ' failed because , while ` The Voice ' borrowed from ` American Idol , ' its format was new , different and interesting . And ' X Factor ' was far too similar to what we already saw and grew tired of . " It seems , of late , there have been more green-lighted singing competition copycats than anything else . The CW and ABC 's forthcoming singing competitions , "  The Star Next Door " and "  Duets , " respectively , are certainly variations of existing shows like "  American Idol , " "  The X Factor , " "  The Voice " and "  The Sing-Off . " But do n't count the impending singing shows out just yet , Dehnart warns . "  Success has less to do with whether a show is a knock-off than how compelling it is by itself , " Dehnart said . "  On some level , ` American Idol ' was a knockoff of the shows that preceded it , like ` Star Search . ' Do n't forget , "  The Real World " featured seven or eight strangers living under the same roof for 17 years before "  Jersey Shore " came along . "  Copycat shows are n't unique to reality TV , " Dehnart said . "  Back before ` Survivor , ' networks were churning out ` Friends ' clones . " As long as new shows continue to add unique elements to existing reality programs , it seems they 'll have a shot at ratings gold . After all , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery .	Marketed as "  the future of fashion design shows , " "  Fashion Star " premiered Tuesday If "  Project Runway " and "  Shark Tank " were one show , it would be called "  Fashion Star " Source : There are so many shows , it 's hard to come up with a completely new concept
The United States has contacted authorities in Hong Kong to seek the extradition of Edward Snowden , the man who admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S. surveillance programs , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday . Federal prosecutors charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property , according to a criminal complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court in Virginia on Friday . The United States already asked Hong Kong , where Snowden is believed to be in hiding , to detain the former National Security Agency contract analyst on a provisional arrest warrant , The Washington Post reported , citing unnamed U.S. officials . "  If Hong Kong does n't act soon , it will complicate our bilateral relations and raise questions about Hong Kong 's commitment to the rule of law , " the administration official said . The complaint charges Snowden with theft of government property , unauthorized communication of national defense information and willful communication of classified communications intelligence to an unauthorized person . The latter two allegations amount to espionage under the federal Espionage Act . Snowden , 30 , has admitted in interviews he was the source behind the leak of classified documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs . Those leaks were the basis of reports in Britain 's Guardian newspaper and The Washington Post this month . The Guardian revealed Snowden 's identify at his request . The documents revealed the existence of top-secret surveillance programs that collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and monitor the Internet activity of overseas residents . The revelation rocked the Obama administration and U.S. intelligence community , raising questions about secret operations of the NSA and whether the agency was infringing on American civil liberties . Obama , top legislators and national security officials defend the surveillance programs as necessary to combat terrorism and argue that some privacy must be sacrificed in a balanced approach . They say the law allows collection of metadata , such as the time and numbers of phone calls , and that a special federal court must approve accessing the content -- listening to the call itself . In interviews earlier this month , Snowden said he fled with the classified documents after taking a leave of absence from his job as an intelligence analyst for NSA contractor Booz Allen Hamiliton . The company has since fired him . A series of blog posts this week purportedly by Snowden said he leaked classified details about U.S. surveillance programs because President Barack Obama worsened "  abusive " practices , instead of curtailing them as he promised as a candidate . However , Obama "  closed the door on investigating systemic violations of law , deepened and expanded several abusive programs , and refused to spend the political capital to end the kind of human rights violations like we see in Guantanamo , where men still sit without charge , " a blog post said . The Guardian newspaper and website identified the author as Snowden . Snowden said that he had to get out of the United States before the leaks were published by the Guardian and The Washington Post to avoid being targeted by the government . In the interview with the South China Morning Post , he said he plans to stay in Hong Kong to fight any attempt to force him to return to the United States because he has "  faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " The complaint against him was filed under seal on June 14 in U.S. District Court in Alexandria , Virginia , but it was unclear from the document whether the United States has asked or will be asking Hong Kong to detain Snowden . There have been "  some preliminary " discussions with Hong Kong authorities , a U.S. official with knowledge of the process told CNN . The U.S. signed an extradition treaty with Hong Kong in 1996 , just seven months before the then British colony was handed back to Beijing . Hong Kong 's extradition laws had previously been governed by the United States-United Kingdom extradition treaty . This new treaty established an agreement under Hong Kong 's "  one country , two systems " that allows Hong Kong autonomy from Beijing in all matters apart from defense and foreign policy .	U.S. contacts Hong Kong to seek Snowden 's extradition Criminal complaint against Edward Snowden was filed under seal on June 14 Snowden has said he plan to fight any extradition attempt
CNN  At least 59 people were killed late Saturday in a fiery collision between a bus and an oil tanker near the southern port city of Karachi in Pakistan . The bus , which was overcrowded , was reportedly hit head-on by the tanker . The driver of the tanker , which police say was traveling in the wrong direction on a dilapidated stretch of highway , reportedly fled the scene . Police are investigating whether the tanker was solely at fault , or whether the bus driver also bore some responsibility . Shoaib Siddiqui , Commissioner of Karachi , told CNN that initial investigations suggest that the road condition was bad , and the oil tanker was traveling the wrong way on the national highway . Most of the bus passengers died in the incident . Some passengers traveling on the roof of the vehicle managed to jump to safety , but those inside were trapped . Along with the deaths , several people suffered serious burns . Gul Hassan said he was at work when the news came in . Nine members of his family perished in the accident , including the family 's 80-year-old patriarch and two children . "  I am not able to recognize a single person as my family member -- that is how badly the bodies are burnt , " he told CNN . Karachi 's Jinnah Hospital has received 57 bodies , Semi Jamali , a doctor at the hospital , told CNN . All are burnt beyond recognition , she said , suggesting that authorities would have to resort to DNA testing to ascertain the victims ' identities . Traffic accidents are a major cause of death in Pakistan , with WHO data from 2013 suggesting that the death rate from road accidents was 17.4 per 100,000 of population . The incident bore a striking resemblance to a previous bus crash in southeastern Pakistan last year , which killed a similar number of passengers . Journalist Adeel Raja contributed reporting from Islamabad , Pakistan	A bus crash near Karachi results in at least 59 deaths Bus reportedly collided head-on with an oil tanker Blaze killed most of the passengers on board
Washington  CNN  -- Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu 's campaign paid for more than 12 years of wrongfully taxpayer-funded travel , her office announced on Friday . Landrieu 's campaign reimbursed the federal government $ 33,727 for chartered flights that were wrongly charged to her Senate office . The payment comes a month after the Louisiana Democrat ordered her attorney to audit her office 's travel spending to root out incorrectly-billed campaign travel . Landrieu said the "  mistakes , " which go back to 2002 , stemmed from "  sloppy book keeping . " "  I take full responsibility . They should have never happened , and I apologize for this , " Landrieu said in the Friday statement . CNN first reported in August that Landrieu used government dollars to pay for a chartered flight that took her to a campaign fundraiser last November . Landrieu 's campaign spokesmen said then that the charter company mistakenly billed Landrieu 's Senate office instead of her campaign and that mistake had already been rectified . The next day , Landrieu 's office announced she would refund the Senate for a separate $ 5,700 charter flight after CNN questioned the expense . It was shortly after that report that Landrieu ordered a full review of her travel expenses . Landrieu said her office now has a new system successfully used by other Senate offices to prevent future mistakes . The reimbursed funds accounted for about 11 % of her Senate office 's travel costs over the last 12 years . Marc Elias , Landrieu 's attorney who conducted the review , also wrote in a letter to the Senate Ethics Committee that future taxpayer-funded charter flights would be "  cleared in advance by counsel . " Rep. Bill Cassidy , a Republican challenging Landrieu for her Senate seat , slammed Landrieu for only disclosing her travel records since 2002 , when the Federal Elections Commission changed the rules on payment for campaign-related travel . "  No matter how Sen. Landrieu spins it , she billed taxpayers for dozens of private jet flights since the turn of the century , " he said . Cassidy called on Landrieu to release her nearly 18 years of travel records as a senator . "  Prior to that  rule change  , it was also illegal to bill taxpayers for private flights . Given Senator Landrieu 's own admission of faulty oversight , how do taxpayers know that problems did not exist prior to 2002 ? " Cassidy said in the statement . Landrieu 's flight troubles first came in late July when USA Today listed Landrieu as one of the Senate 's most frequent flyers after she billed the federal government more than $ 47,000 in chartered flights in 2013 alone .	Louisiana Sen. Landrieu blames "  mistakes " on "  sloppy book keeping " She had ordered audit to root out incorrectly-billed campaign travel "  I take full responsibility . They should have never happened , " she says GOP opponent slams Landrieu for only disclosing travel records since 2002
CNN  -- Tennis star Maria Sharapova has been handed the honor of becoming the first woman to carry Russia 's flag at the opening ceremony of an Olympic Games . The 25-year-old will be competing in her first Olympics at London 2012 , where she will play in the women 's singles tournament . "  I was n't aware that I am the first woman but what a personal honor to be representing Russia , " she told CNN . "  I am grateful for the sincere support from my family , friends and fans from home and across the globe . I 'm truly proud and humbled to represent a country that is full of hopes and dreams . " Sharapova has battled her way back to the top of women 's tennis after two years of shoulder problems , returning to No. 1 in the world rankings after completing a career grand slam by winning last month 's French Open . She lost top spot to Victoria Azarenka of Belarus this week after a surprise defeat in the fourth round at Wimbledon dropped her to No. 3 , but has the chance to make amends as the Olympic event will also be held at the famous grass-court venue . "  This year 's upcoming Olympics in London holds special meaning to me as this will be my first foray into the Games , " Sharapova said . "  It 's a remarkable opportunity to not only compete in such a historically prestigious sporting moment , but I am looking forward to sharing this Olympic experience with fellow athletes around the world . " Sharapova , who will reportedly marry basketball star Sasha Vujacic in November after the end of the tennis season , has been based in the United States for most of her life . She has played three times for Russia 's Fed Cup team , all in quarterfinal ties , winning three of her four singles rubbers . Sharapova did not qualify for the 2004 Olympics in Beijing , despite winning her first grand slam title at Wimbledon as a 17-year-old . She missed out in Beijing in 2008 due to injury , and compatriot Elena Dementieva -- who has since retired -- won the women 's gold . Russia first took part at the Summer Olympics in 1912 , but did not appear again until 1952 as the Soviet Union . Since then the honor of carrying the flag has usually gone to male gold medal-winners . This year , Serbia and Spain will also have a tennis star as flag-bearer as men 's world No. 2 Novak Djokovic and Beijing champion Rafael Nadal have been given the role by their respective countries .	Maria Sharapova named as Russia 's first woman flag-bearer at Olympics French Open champion will be taking part for first time at London 2012 She is Russia 's top-ranked player despite losing No. 1 spot this week Sharapova is based in Florida but says she is proud to represent her country
Washington  CNN  -- An internal government review released Friday found no "  widespread " misconduct or inappropriate behavior among U.S. Secret Service employees , after concerns were raised in Congress about the agency 's disciplinary controls following a prostitution scandal . The 145-page report from the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general noted isolated cases of unethical conduct among Secret Service workers , on or off duty , that raised broader security concerns . It recommended 14 guidelines to deal with future problems . The agency whose mission includes protecting the President and visiting world leaders came under embarrassing scrutiny after revelations last year that some of its employees allegedly consorted with prostitutes before President Barack Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena , Colombia . "  Disciplinary and security clearance cases show that , while not widespread , USSS should continue to monitor and address excessive alcohol consumption and personal conduct within its workforce , " said the report . "  USSS is planning to identify and address trends in misconduct through the new position of Chief Integrity Officer . " More than 24 people were eventually linked to the scandal , from both the Secret Service and the military . Nine of the Secret Service members resigned or were being forced out , and three others were cleared of serious misconduct . They were part of a contingent of hundreds of American security personnel who arrived early to prepare for the April 2012 summit . Secret Service officials later testified the behavior was isolated and did not reflect an inherent culture of recklessness or lack of supervision . The inspector general 's report concluded the same . "  We did not find any evidence that USSS leadership has fostered an environment that tolerates inappropriate behavior . " Parts of the report were blacked out , including complete details of an apparently newly revealed incident from 2010 , similar to the one in Colombia . Investigators said allegations against an agent were not thoroughly investigated . "  We identified one case that highlights how the combination of managerial discretion and weak internal controls affected multiple areas of the misconduct adjudication process . In this case , USSS did not adequately investigate an allegation of employee misconduct , despite the incident raising security concerns . " That agent was working in an unidentified foreign country in preparation for a presidential visit , and while off-duty was alleged to have consorted with prostitutes and showed up late to work , smelling of alcohol . Secret Service employees who had gone to town with the agent , the report says , "  consumed alcohol ; interacted with FFNs  female foreign nationals  ; and were untruthful when initially questioned by managers . Both incidents required managers to divert their attention to address potential misconduct . " One leading member of Congress said he would press the agency to follow through on all the recommendations in the report . "  This report exposes long-standing problems with Secret Service management , " said Rep. Bennie G. Thompson  D-Mississippi  , the ranking member of the House Committee on Homeland Security . "  The Inspector General has revealed what we already knew -- that the Secret Service does not have standardized practices in place for handling employee misconduct and discipline . The lack of consistent policy has led to an agency culture dominated by personalities instead of rules . " Another alleged incident revealed last month has prompted further internal scrutiny . Two Secret Service supervisors on President Obama 's protective detail are being investigated for alleged misconduct , a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the internal agency investigation told CNN 's John King . The details were first reported in the Washington Post . The investigation began after an incident at the posh Hay-Adams hotel near the White House in May . As first reported by the Post , one Secret Service agent allegedly removed ammunition from his service weapon and left a bullet in the room of a female guest , whom he had met in the hotel bar . The agent tried to regain entry to the room when he realized the bullet was left behind , the Post said . Hotel staff notified the White House after he identified himself as a Secret Service agent and demanded to be let in to the room . No police report was filed and no complaint was filed with the Secret Service by any of the parties involved , a government source told CNN 's Joe Johns . "  The Secret Service takes allegations of improper behavior seriously and works diligently to investigate and resolve issues . Any misconduct is regrettable , but when it is identified , appropriate action is always taken based on established rules and regulations , " Edwin Donovan , deputy assistant director of the Secret Service , said in a statement at the time . 2 Secret Service supervisors under investigation in misconduct probe	The report noted isolated cases of unethical conduct among Secret Service workers The agency came under scrutiny amid a prostitution scandal from a Cartagena , Colombia , trip It should "  address excessive alcohol consumption and personal conduct , " report says
Police have arrested a suspect in Marseille , France , in connection with the shooting deaths of three people May 24 at the Jewish Museum in Brussels , Belgium , Belgian federal magistrate Wenke Roggen said Sunday . The suspect is identified as Mehdi Nemmouche , a 29-year-old Frenchman from Roubaix in the Pas-de-Calais region of northern France . Nemmouche recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , the chief prosecutor of Paris said at a news conference Sunday . Francois Molins said Nemmouche , who has a criminal history that included a five-year prison stint , was detained at the St. Charles Train Station on Friday after returning to France by bus from Brussels by way of Amsterdam . Molins said customs police detained Nemmouche after discovering a Kalashnikov assault rifle in his luggage and a revolver in a black bag he was carrying . Nemmouche , who has remained silent during his detention , was influenced by Islamist teachings while in prison and left for Syria three weeks after being released in September 2012 , Molins said . French officials lost contact with him when he left the country . In addition to the rifle , prosecutors said , the suspect 's luggage contained ammunition for the Kalashnikov and a white cloth with Arabic writing on it . Bullets and cameras In the black bag Nemmouche was carrying when he was detained , along with a .38 special , police discovered 57 rounds of ammunition for the revolver , more than 270 cartridges for the Kalashnikov , gun parts , a portable GoPro camera , a digital Nikon camera , a black hood and gloves , a Nike cap , a gas mask , and a blue nylon jacket , all objects matching the description of the Brussels shooter . Investigators also made another discovery during the examination of the items in Nemmouche 's bags , prosecutors said . They found a hidden file on the Nikon camera containing a 40-second video that showed the two weapons that were seized , the clothing worn by the shooter , and the GoPro camera . Although the suspect does not appear on the film , prosecutors said there is an audio commentary . They believe it is Nemmouche 's voice heard commenting on the images on screen and explaining that the video was made because the recording of the shooting at the Jewish Museum with the GoPro camera did not work . Two of the victims who died in the attack were an Israeli couple in their 50 's from Tel Aviv , Israel 's Foreign Ministry has said . The third victim was a French woman . A fourth person , a Belgian national who works at the museum , was shot and injured . Caught on camera Images from the museum in Brussels showed the gunman behind last week 's deadly attack approaching the building , opening fire , and walking away . He used an AK-47 assault rifle to carry out the shooting , police have said . Photographs and video released by Belgian police showed the man wearing a cap and blue shirt , carrying two bags over his shoulder . The images do not show his face clearly . The shooter left on foot after the attack and headed toward a different part of downtown Brussels before he disappeared , according to police .	French prosecutor says Mehdi Nemmouche was radicalized by Islamist teachings while in prison Suspect was detained with bag full of items related to the killings , prosecutor says An Israeli couple from Tel Aviv and a French woman died in May 24 shooting The shooter also wounded a museum worker
CNN  What does 17-time Grand Slam winner Roger Federer have to talk about with World No. 4 Andy Murray ? Hairstyles , apparently . Federer crashed the Scot 's Q&A Twitter session on Thursday to tease Murray about his lustrous locks , asking "  how do you get your hair to be so curly ? " with the hashtag "  helpabrotherout . " Murray joked back : "  I do n't take as good care of mine as you ! I saw you checking your hair out during the photo shoot yesterday #silkysmooth , " before posting an image of himself from 2008 with a curly mane , adding "  let me know if you ever want to go down this route . . Think it would be good for your image . " Earlier this month , Federer suffered some embarrassment of his own when a small boy played a point against the 33-year-old -- outmaneuvering the Swiss legend with a perfect lob at an exhibition match in New York . Both Federer and Murray are competing in the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells this week . Four-time winner Federer is aiming for his 50th match win at the Californian tournament while Murray is looking to improve on his runner-up finish in 2009 .	Tennis legend Roger Federer exchanges hairstyle tips with Andy Murray The men discuss curls , smoothness and "  being worth it " over Twitter The sport is no stranger to funky hairstyles over the years
CNN  -- An evangelical preacher killed his wife several years ago and stuffed her body in a freezer after she caught him abusing their daughter , according to police and court documents . Anthony Hopkins appeared in court Thursday to face murder , rape and incest charges . Anthony Hopkins , 37 , was arrested Monday night at the Inspirational Tabernacle Church of God in Christ in Jackson , Alabama , just after he had delivered a sermon to a congregation that included his seven other children , officials said . He faces charges including murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest . Hopkins was denied bail Thursday when he appeared before Mobile County District Judge George Hardesty . The case is set for arraignment next week , Hardesty 's clerk said . The case began Monday , when the daughter , now 19 , went to the Mobile Police Department 's Child Advocacy Center and reported that she had been sexually abused by Hopkins since she was 11 years old , according to an affidavit filed in support of a search warrant of the preacher 's home in Mobile . The affidavit related the daughter 's story as follows : Her mother , Arletha Hopkins , 36 , caught her father abusing her in a bathroom in November 2004 . Afterward , her parents argued , and her mother locked her father out of the house . The father came to the daughter 's window and asked her to let him in , and she did so . The next morning , her father asked her to help him hide her mother 's body in the freezer in the laundry room of the home . The girl said she moved out of the home about two weeks ago and was living with a neighbor . She told police that her mother 's body was still in the freezer . When authorities went to the home , no one was there , as Hopkins and the other children were at the church . A body was found in the freezer , the affidavit says . Although police think the body is that of Arletha Hopkins , an identification is not expected until early next week , Mobile Police spokesman Officer Eric Gallichant said Thursday . Watch Nancy Grace 's report " Mobile Police Chief Phillip Garrett had said that an identification and autopsy results would take a few days : "  obviously , the body was in a freezer . " He said he was not sure of the body 's condition or whether it was intact , as upon seeing the body , authorities immediately sealed the chest-type freezer . The body had been covered in the unit , he said , and the entire appliance was taken to the state Department of Forensic Science . At the Inspirational Tabernacle Church of God in Christ , Hopkins was preaching at a revival , pastor Beverly Jackson told CNN affiliate WKRG . His message , she said , was about forgiveness and not passing judgment -- and at one point , he turned to his seven children and asked them to forgive him his past , present and future . Police allowed Hopkins to finish his sermon before arresting him , Jackson said . She said she asked police why they were arresting him and was told , "  he murdered his wife . " She said Hopkins had told her his wife died four years ago while giving birth to their youngest son . Attempts to reach Jackson on Thursday were unsuccessful . Authorities moved quickly on the daughter 's accusations to make sure the children still in the household were OK , Garrett said . They were placed in the custody of child welfare authorities . The next-oldest child is a 17-year-old female , he said . All eight were the children of Arletha Hopkins , and Anthony Hopkins fathered six of them , he said . An investigation has not found any record of Arletha Hopkins ' existence since 2004 , according to the affidavit . Asked how long police think the body had been in the freezer , Garrett said , "  I 'm thinking that she 's probably been there for a number of years . " He said Anthony Hopkins did not have a regular church but apparently preached in various areas around the South . "  Part of the mystery here is that , apparently , none of these children were in school " but were being home-schooled , Mobile County District Attorney John Tyson said . "  Home schooling , under this situation , removes almost any chances of us catching up with these kinds of things until there is a catastrophe . " Pastor Jerry Porter said he used to preach with Hopkins at his church , the Williams Street Holiness Church , and knew the family . Arletha Hopkins "  was very quiet , " he told Mobile television station and CNN affiliate WPMI . "  She was kind of secluded . She 'd talk , but not much . " Anthony Hopkins , he said , made statements that led him to believe all was not well at home . "  He always used to tell me ... ` You 're blessed in the fact that you have a wife that supports you and what you 're trying to do for God , ' " Porter said . He said Arletha Hopkins disappeared shortly after the couple 's youngest child was born . As rumors swirled , Porter said , he confronted Hopkins and asked whether his wife was dead . Hopkins "  would n't give me an answer , " he said . After that , Porter said , he banned him from the church but remained on good terms with him . He said he visited the family a few years ago , and their home was clean and well-kept . "  It was the ideal family . I mean , the children were so respectful , just so easygoing , " Porter said . "  Did n't seem to be no stress at all . Never got that impression , never . " The children , he said , "  loved their dad . They were very close to him . " Of Hopkins ' preaching ability , Porter said , "  he was a bulls-eye prophet . If he told you something , you could pretty much bank on it . "	NEW : Anthony Hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance Preacher is charged with murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest He was arrested after delivering sermon at his Alabama church Case began when daughter told police she 'd been sexually abused
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Wednesday he is cutting all ties with Colombia as long as Alvaro Uribe remains its president . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe withdrew his support for the Venezuelan leader 's mediation efforts with the FARC . "  I say before the world , while President Uribe is president of Colombia , I will not have any type of relation with him or with the government of Colombia , " Chavez said in an address broadcast on national television . "  I ca n't , I ca n't , I ca n't . " Chavez noted that Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group Armed Revolutionary Front of Colombia  FARC  and the National Liberation Army  ELN  . "  I went with my heart in my hand , and I was ready , " Chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of Tachira . "  I was prepared to go to the most dangerous forest in the country to help . " But last Thursday , Uribe ended Chavez 's participation , citing his direct communication with Uribe 's top general , a move that Uribe said broke protocol . "  When we were at the point of succeeding , Uribe comes and , without telling me anything , he did n't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary , just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission , " Chavez said . "  That was a kick . " Without being specific , Chavez accused Uribe of having lied . "  That 's real ugly , " he said . Chavez also accused Uribe of having bowed to pressure from Washington "  to get rid of Chavez . " But the firebrand Venezuelan president , who has called U.S. President George W. Bush "  the devil , " said his arms are open to the Colombian people . E-mail to a friend	Chavez says Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hostages Uribe cited Chavez 's direct communication with Uribe 's top general as breach Chavez accuses Uribe of lying Chavez says his arms are open to the Colombian people
CNN  -- The image makers were in overdrive at the Republican National Convention this week . They finally had their candidate but now they had a problem : The guy was n't likable . And nowhere was that problem more acute than with women voters . Concerns about Mitt Romney 's slash-and-burn economic approach at Bain Capital , coupled with displays on the campaign trail of his stunning lack of empathy had shaken confidence among women voters . Add in the wound reopened when Senate candidate Todd Akin spoke aloud the GOP 's twisted ideas about women and rape and pregnancy , and the mandate to the handlers was infinitely clear : Make every night Ladies ' Night at the Mirage in Tampa . The show kicked off with Ann Romney headlining the first night . Her speech overflowed with love for her husband and family , and she deftly attempted to transfer those warm and fuzzy feelings to the women viewers . "  I love you women ! I hear your voices , " she shouted at us as her husband 's proxy . Throughout the week , prominent women , such as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez , headlined high profile events . Vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan regaled us with tales of his truly amazing mom . And as Romney prepared to take the stage on the final night , a soft-focus video brought the love between Ann and Mitt into full technicolor , while walk-ons from women of lesser stature were scattered throughout at a reassuring pace . By prime time , we could n't miss the marquee message : Mitt loves women , so keep calm and carry on . Mitt 's largely biographical speech was light on substance and long on references to the ladies who had shaped him and supported his career , including those in senior leadership of his governor 's cabinet . His shout out to South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley and New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , who had appeared that week on the dais , gave him an opportunity to invoke his mother 's posthumous approval of how far women have come . Opinion : Did Romney gain ground ? Then , in a deluge of red , white and blue balloons , the pretty show ended and the workers began to dismantle the Mirage , leaving the harsh sunlight of the day-after to reveal the intractable reality of what a Romney-Ryan presidency would mean for American women . Women voters care most about the economy and jobs . But with a critical caveat : nine out of 10 women say that a candidate must "  understand women . " To do that requires an acknowledgment of two things : that women 's economic security -- by almost every measure -- still lags behind that of male counterparts and that their economic security is inextricably tied to their ability to control their health , including reproductive choices . And on those points , no illusions and tradesman 's tricks can obscure the fact that the GOP agenda fails the test . A July National Women 's Law Center report showed that the 2007 Bush recession cost nearly 7.5 million jobs and recovery has been slow to reach women workers . Public sector job loss drives this disparity . While Romney 's jobs plan is still notoriously vague , with little to offer other than a regressive nod to trickle-down economics , Paul Ryan has been frighteningly clear that his top priority is essentially dismantling our government -- a fixation projected to result in a whopping 4.1 million lost jobs over two years . Even the lucky few women who hold or get jobs under a Romney-Ryan administration are likely to be paid far less for equal work . In the aggregate , women are paid on average 77 cents on the dollar to men , but Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act . Opinion : Is that the best Mitt Romney can do ? What of the women who ca n't get jobs ? They can look forward to victimization and vilification . The 24 million women who live in poverty in America span all ethnic groups , with single moms twice as likely to be poor as single dads . Still , Ryan has proposed cutting nutrition assistance to these households , often the only thing that stands between them and malnutrition . Romney has not disagreed . Meanwhile , in a cynical race play , the Romney campaign 's deceptive ad campaign attacking welfare recipients has denigrated these women instead of offering solutions . Adding insult to injury , Romney 's Republican platform includes an extremist anti-abortion amendment that removes exemptions even for rape and incest victims . A party that eliminates a woman 's right to choose while at the same time cutting pay , jobs , and access to health care and food security exposes a bizarre and dangerous lack of understanding of the challenges facing American women . No matter how much love bounced around the walls of the Tampa Mirage , in real life , lip service and speeches -- even by women -- do n't feed the family . What women need is a sober assessment of how economic challenges uniquely affect us and solutions that reflect that understanding . And despite their best efforts over the last week , that 's one promise that a Romney-Ryan presidency ca n't deliver . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue says the GOP tried hard at convention to show they are on women 's side She says a look at Romney-Ryan positions and GOP platform show otherwise She says both would prevent abortion even in rape or incest , would cut nutrition aid Hogue : Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act .
CNN  -- A daughter of Ariel Castro , the primary suspect in the abduction of three women found alive this week , is serving a 25-year sentence in an Indiana prison for the attempted murder of her baby six years ago . Emily Castro was sentenced to 30 years with five years suspended . A judge found Castro guilty but mentally ill of cutting her 11-month-old daughter four times on the neck in April 2007 . An appeal , filed in late 2008 , was denied by an Indiana court . Legal documents state that on April 4 , 2007 , Castro , 19 at the time , was upset that her boyfriend -- the baby 's father -- had moved out of the family 's home in Fort Wayne . She took the baby into a garage and cut her neck four times with a knife . Castro also cut her own neck and wrists . Inside the Cleveland house Police were summoned to the house by a passerby who came upon Castro 's mother carrying the baby and running from the home . Officers found Castro covered in mud , water and blood . Castro told paramedics she had tried to drown herself in a creek , according to an appeals court decision document . The baby survived . According to the Fort Wayne Journal Gazette , the defense argued at trial that Castro had suffered from mental depression and became paranoid , thinking her family was trying to kill her and the baby . The judge found that Castro still had the ability to know right from wrong . She and her brother Anthony spoke at her sentencing hearing , the Journal Gazette reported . "  I do n't know how this happened , " said Castro . "  I want you to know I am a very good mom . " Anthony Castro said his sister was not an animal . The family had dealt with his sister 's illness every day , he added .	Emily Castro was 19 when she took her baby into a garage and cut her throat , court records say She admitted to cutting her own neck and wrists and trying to drown herself Her brother told a court that family had dealt with her mental illness for years Judge decided she was still aware of right and wrong
CNN  More African-Americans diagnosed with HIV are living . A report released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found an 18 % drop in the number of deaths among African-Americans infected with HIV from 2008 to 2012 . That is a consistent and promising decline , and yet it still means 8,165 African-American HIV patients lost their lives in 2012 , a marked disparity that accounts for nearly half of the 17,166 teens and adults with HIV who died in total that year . Most black HIV patients who died were men who contracted the virus through sexual contact with other men . "  We can not drop our guard , " Dr. Eugene McCray , director of the CDC 's division of HIV/AIDS prevention , said in a statement . "  HIV is still a serious crisis in our communities . Even though we represent only 12 % of the population , more than a third of people living with HIV in the United States are black . And new infections among young , gay black men are increasing at an alarming rate . " Opinion : Time to close HIV 's racial disparities While HIV testing is increasing among African-Americans , new infections are still diagnosed less frequently in blacks compared with whites , the CDC said . The agency also said black HIV patients are less likely to be linked to medical care than any other race . McCray said providing that care and treatment could do more than anything else to keep HIV patients alive and prevent new infections . The report comes just two days before National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day , on February 7 , which aims to reduce new infections by encouraging HIV testing . Are we on the road to an HIV vaccine ?	A report released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention covers the years 2008 to 2012 Though the decline is encouraging , 8,165 African-American HIV patients died in 2012 The report comes just two days before National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
CNN  -- There has been a lot of chatter in the media lately about Hillary Clinton 's record as secretary of state . And aside from what Karl Rove says , the right wing 's talking point du jour has been that she did n't have one "  signature " accomplishment . But that could n't be further from the truth . While she achieved a great deal as our nation 's top diplomat , one accomplishment stands out : She restored America 's standing in the world . Believe me , this was no small feat . Think back to 2009 when Secretary Clinton took office : The United States was engaged in two lengthy , expensive , deadly wars ; the previous administration 's unilateral foreign policy had alienated our strongest allies ; our respect around the world was extremely low ; and Osama bin Laden -- the most wanted man in the world -- was still on the run . We were n't just in a rut ; we were in what seemed like a bottomless pit . And we were in desperate need of a strong leader to dig us out . Rove criticized for Clinton ` brain injury ' suggestion That leader was Secretary Clinton . On Day One , Clinton began the long , arduous task of shedding the black cloud that had hovered over U.S. foreign policy for nearly a decade . She embarked on a world tour with the goal of repairing diplomatic ties with leaders , restoring America 's stature on the global stage , and reinvigorating longstanding friendships . Hillary Clinton knew that there was "  a lot of damage to repair : " "  There 's a great exhalation of breath going on around the world as people express their appreciation for the new direction that 's being set , " she said . As Michael Hirsh explained in Foreign Affairs , "  Because of her worldwide popularity and tireless travel -- she set a new record for a secretary of state by visiting 112 countries -- Clinton helped undo the damage that the habitual unilateralism of the George W. Bush administration had done to the global image of the United States . " Secretary Clinton was perfectly clear that this was a top priority : " -LSB- I -RSB- inherited such a range of problems and deficits across the world that it would be a luxury to say , ` I 'm going to focus on this and this alone . ' ... My big-picture commitment is to restore American leadership , and I think that 's about as big a job as you can get . And everything I 've done is in furtherance of that . " And there is no doubt that she was successful . A Pew Research poll found that the opinion of countries all over the world toward the United States has improved dramatically since the tenure of Clinton 's predecessor . But restoring America 's standing in the world not only required repairing relationships with global leaders , it required tackling two colossal tasks left behind from the previous administration -- winding down two wars and bringing Osama bin Laden to justice . Secretary Clinton took office eight years after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on America , yet Osama bin Laden -- the mastermind of those attacks and leader of the world 's most infamous terrorist organization -- had still not been found . Clinton supported the raid that finally brought our nation 's greatest enemy to justice . Secretary Clinton 's work to restore America 's standing in the world paved the way for many of her other major accomplishments and helped bring forward a new era in American diplomacy . Clinton : No need for new Benghazi committee , but GOP ` calls the shots ' in the House The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is one of the most deeply rooted , complex issues of global politics . Dealing with this conflict has been high on the agenda of nearly every secretary of state for decades . In November 2012 , Clinton helped avert an all-out war in Gaza by negotiating a cease-fire between Israel and Palestine . After eight days of violence , as Politico noted , "  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton got a Gaza cease-fire right at the moment hope seemed dead for a rapid end to the violence . " In today 's complex world , where we are not always dealing with predictable actors , one of the single most important thing we can do to protect our great nation -- and our allies -- is to ensure that there are fewer nuclear weapons . As secretary of state , Clinton made great strides in countering the proliferation of nuclear weapons around the world . She played a pivotal role in the passage and enactment of the New START Treaty , which will reduce key nuclear arsenals to their lowest levels in 50 years . Concerned with Iran 's expanding nuclear program , Secretary Clinton focused her efforts on building a multinational coalition to impose unprecedented sanctions designed to press Iran to comply with its international obligations . Through aggressive diplomacy she persuaded countries around the world , including the EU , Japan , South Korea , Canada , and Australia to impose sanctions of their own , multiplying the power of our sanctions and the pressure on Iran . These sanctions decreased Iran 's oil exports by more than a million barrels a day -- costing Iran nearly $ 3 billion a month . These are all impressive feats , but Hillary Clinton 's accomplishments do n't end there . From establishing the first-ever ambassador for Global Women 's Issues to breaking new ground on human rights matters like protecting girls from violence , Secretary Clinton consistently worked to promote the work of women in the United States and globally . The fact is : Clinton 's record as secretary of state speaks for itself . And it speaks loud and clear that she was exactly the kind of skilled leader our country needed . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Joe Crowley credits Hillary Clinton for turnaround of America 's global standing Clinton became one of the most traveled secretary of states by visiting 112 countries He contends that Clinton reversed the "  habitual unilateralism " of Bush era
CNN  -- It 's going to take two to three weeks for thoroughbred California Chrome to heal from a nasty injury to his hoof , his trainer Art Sherman said Sunday . "  He 's got a lot of talent , " Sherman said of the colt that was the favorite for the Belmont Stakes but was denied his shot at becoming the first Triple Crown in 36 years . Tonalist was victorious Saturday at the storied race in Elmont , New York . California Chrome finished in a dead heat for fourth with Wicked Strong . Sherman said the colt 's injury occurred during "  the first jump . " "  He just needs a little time off , " Sherman said , explaining that the injury is "  superficial " and not "  deep . " Sherman assured that California Chrome will not be in any pain as his injury is treated in part with a special bandage , and his recuperation will involve some "  pasture time . " As to what went wrong for a horse who many thought would win Saturday , Sherman alluded to the amount of racing California Chrome did leading up to the Belmont Stakes . The colt , which brought in $ 3.5 million this year , ran his third Triple Crown race in five weeks . Eleven horses competed in the Belmont Stakes . Sherman suggested Sunday that , as with any athlete , rest is just as pivotal as racing and training . "  I think you need a little more time between races , " he said . Jockey Victor Espinoza seemed optimistic that Chrome would recover . "  Thank you to everyone for your support on this journey , you are awesome ! I hope California Chrome gets better soon , " he tweeted Saturday evening . California Chrome 's owner Steve Coburn was incensed Saturday that none of the top three finishers had raced in both the Derby and Preakness , the two prerequisites to the Triple Crown . Those horse owners took "  the coward 's way out , " Coburn blasted . Coburn did n't ease off his comments Sunday . On ABC , he was asked whether he regretted his rant . "  Not only no , but hell no , " Coburn answered . "  I do not regret it one bit . It 's the truth . " He was asked if he thought the rules should change so that horses should have to participate in the other two races to run at Belmont . "  Yes I do , I mean think of it this way . OK , it says Triple Crown . You nominate your horse for the Triple Crown -- that means three . The Triple Crown trophy has three points on it . So when you earn enough points to be in the Kentucky Derby , those 20 horses that start in the Kentucky Derby should be the only 20 allowed to run in the Preakness and the Belmont , for the Triple Crown . " At a news conference , Sherman was asked what he thought of Coburn 's comments at the race . Coburn was in "  the heat of the moment , " he said . "  Sometimes your emotions get in front of you . " CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Trainer says California Chrome wo n't be in any pain while his injury gets treated Injury is not "  deep , " trainer Art Sherman says Owner continues to blast rules of the Belmont Stakes
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- The United States faces a Zimbabwe-style economic collapse if it keeps "  spending a bunch of money we do n't have , " South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford said Wednesday . South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford says he does not want to spend money that his state does n't have . Sanford , a Republican , has been an outspoken critic of the Obama administration 's $ 800 billion stimulus plan . He said he 'll turn down about a quarter of his state 's $ 2.8 billion share unless Washington lets him use that money to pay down debt . "  What you 're doing is buying into the notion that if we just print some more money that we do n't have and send it to different states , we 'll create jobs , " he said . "  If that 's the case , why is n't Zimbabwe a rich place ? " Zimbabwe has been in the throes of an economic meltdown ever since the southern African nation embarked on a chaotic land reform program . Its official inflation rate topped 11 million percent in 2008 , with its treasury printing banknotes in the trillion-dollar range to keep up with the plummeting value of its currency . But with South Carolina 's unemployment rate now the second-highest in the country , state lawmakers will attempt to override Sanford and take the $ 700 million if he turns it down , Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer said . "  They will use the total economic stimulus to stimulate the economy , jump-start it , so we can get out of the ditch we are in as a state and as a nation , " Bauer , a fellow Republican , said in a written statement Wednesday . Labor Department figures released Wednesday showed South Carolina 's January unemployment rate hit 10.4 percent , second only to Michigan 's 11.6 percent . Sanford is one of several Republican governors who have criticized the nearly $ 800 billion stimulus package , which passed with minimal GOP support in the Senate and none in the House of Representatives . Other governors , such as California Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger or Michigan Democrat Jennifer Granholm , have said they would take any money Republican-led states reject . But Sanford told reporters that taking the money now would leave the state in the lurch in two years , "  when those funds dry up . " "  Fundamentally , if you boil down what the stimulus means for South Carolina , it means we would go through the process of spending a bunch of money we do n't have , " he said . The stimulus measure allows state legislatures to override governors and take the money -- a provision championed by South Carolina congressman James Clyburn , the No. 3 Democrat in the House . Clyburn said Sanford is unlikely to get any waiver from the administration , and he called the governor 's announcement "  100 percent political posturing . " "  This recovery package is designed to stabilize communities , to save and create jobs , and help our economy get back in a growth mode , " he told reporters . "  And you do n't do that by paying down debt that 's been incurred over a long period of time . " And Bauer said that if South Carolina turns down the money , "  South Carolina taxpayers will be taking on the debt for economic stimulus money sent elsewhere . " Sanford has been called a potential GOP presidential contender in 2012 , but he told CNN that the next election is "  not where I 'm focused . " "  I do n't rule anything in , I do n't rule anything out , " he said , adding , "  If anything came along like that , it would be an incredibly long shot . "	South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford has vowed to refuse some of his state 's share Sanford casts stimulus as exercise in printing money that does n't exist to create jobs The governor compares it to Zimbabwe 's 11 million percent inflation rate State legislatures can override governors and take stimulus money anyway
CNN  -- Japan winger Shinji Kagawa was on target for Borussia Dortmund in a 1-0 win over Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday to keep the reigning champions at the top of the Bundesliga . The Japanese winger fired home from a tight angle on the stroke of halftime to bag his fourth goal in as many games . The win sees Dortmund maintain their two-point lead over Bayern Munich who enjoyed a comfortable 2-0 victory over Kaiserslautern thanks to goals from Mario Gomez in the sixth minute and Thomas Meuller after 30 minutes . Mid-table Stuttgart thrashed 10-man Hertha Berlin 5-0 . Austria striker Martin Harnik scored a first half brace after Vedad Ibisevic had given Stuttgart the lead , with Shinji Okazaki also on target in the first half . The half also saw Hertha 's Andreas Ottl sent off for a foul on Hungary midfielder Tamas Hajnal . Georgian defender Leven Kobiashvili compounded 15th-placed Hertha 's miserable afternoon with an own goal in the 59th minute . Hoffenheim 's new coach Markus Babbel , who replaced recently sacked Holger Stanislawski , picked up his first point with a 1-1 draw at Werder Bremen . Bremen 's Austria striker Marko Arnautovic denied Hoffenheim victory with an injury time equalizer after Danish defender Jannik Vestergaard had given the visitors a fourth-minute lead . Hannover salvaged a point in their game at Mainz thanks to an injury-time goal from but Polish striker Artur Sobiech after Mohamed Zidan had put the home side ahead in the seventh minute of the game .	Borussia Dortmund maintain two-point lead with a 1-0 win against Bayer Leverkusen Bayern Munich keep up the pressure with a 2-0 victory over Kaiserslautern
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- A court clerk at the trial of Steven Hayes , who was convicted of capital murder in a 2007 Connecticut home invasion , read Tuesday from writings of Hayes ' alleged accomplice describing the incident in graphic detail . "  I swung again , and then again ... a look of stunned shock in his eyes , " wrote Joshua Komisarjevsky about the nighttime attack with a bat on Dr. William Petit , who was sleeping on the porch when the attack began that July night , and proved to be the lone survivor . Prosecutors allege Hayes and Komisarjevsky invaded the Petit home , beat Hawke-Petit 's husband bloody , strangled Hawke-Petit , set the house afire and tried to flee . The crime shocked the well-to-do New Haven suburb of Cheshire and drew national attention . The writings , read aloud to the jury by a court clerk during Tuesday 's penalty phase of Hayes ' trial , were selected from a 40-page letter Komisarjevsky wrote to author Brian McDonald in 2008 . They describe the men moving on to the bedrooms where Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit , lay sleeping . "  All were compliant , " he wrote . "  This time I took a risk , pulled the trigger , and the chamber was loaded . ... The Petit family passed through their fears and into terror . ... It was captivating , validating that this pain in me was real . ... I was looking right at my personal demon , reflected back in their eyes . ... Hayley is a fighter ; she tried time and time again to free herself . ... Mr. Petit is a coward ; he ran away when he thought his life was threatened , and ran away to leave his wife and children to madmen . ... I was cheated of my retribution , and so was Steve . ... I am what I am ; I make no excuses . ... I 'm a criminal with a criminal mind . " Police testified that , after finding evidence of a bank account containing $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 , the two forced Hawke-Petit to go to a bank in the morning and withdraw money from the account . Prosecutors said Hayes took her to the bank while Komisarjevsky stayed behind . When Hayes and Hawke-Petit returned with the money , the two men allegedly set the home afire and fled . Inside the home , authorities said , Hawke-Petit , 48 , was found raped and strangled . Her two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , died of smoke inhalation . Petit , the sole survivor , escaped to a neighbor 's home . Komisarjevsky added in his writings , "  I 'm ultimately responsible for my own actions . ... Had Mr. Petit fought back in the very beginning , I would have been forced to retreat . ... You 're the first line of defense for your family , not law enforcement . " Petit , who was in the courtroom , showed no visible reaction as these passages were read . Afterward , outside the courthouse , he told reporters , "  I really do n't want to dignify the ravings of a sociopath who appears to be a pathological liar as well . " Referring to the 11-year-old , Komisarjevsky continued , "  I tasted her fear . " After she was dead , he wrote , he took "  blackmail pictures " of her body that he "  intended to use against Mr. and Mrs. Petit . ... What I was not prepared for was my demons getting the better of me . " The reading continued : "  How could I have gone oh so far , far wrong ? ... Michaela , angel of my nightmares , my pain to yours does not compare . ... You call me from beyond the grave . ... If only I could simply lie here and will myself to die . ... Michaela , Hayley , and Jennifer , forgive me ; I am damned . ... I ca n't believe I lost control ; I hate myself/I love myself . ... I stand condemned . " Komisarjevsky added , "  My forthcoming death sentence will be an action of mercy . " Prosecutors had objected to the defense 's plan to read excerpts of Komisarjevsky 's letters and journal , calling the writings "  fiction and fantasy . " "  It 's kind of like ` The World According to Josh , ' " prosecutor Michael Dearington told Judge Jon Blue . But Hayes ' attorney , Tom Ullmann , said the writings show that Komisarjevsky -- who is to be tried separately -- "  is the mastermind here ... and Mr. Hayes ' culpability is less . " Blue denied the prosecutors ' motion to bar the writings , saying , "  Mr. Hayes is fighting for his life at this stage , and he 's allowed great latitude . " Hayes , 47 , was convicted earlier this month of 16 of the 17 charges against him -- including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping -- in the deaths of Hawke-Petit and her two daughters . After hearing testimony in the penalty phase , the same jurors who convicted Hayes must decide if he should be executed . Earlier in the day , the writings read like a how-to manual on breaking into homes . "  My fundamental trademark is cat-type burglaries , " Komisarjevsky wrote . "  I 'm a burglar ; everybody knows I 'm a burglar . ... You 'd be surprised what people contract me to steal . " "  As my skill progressed over the years , I 've reached the point where I can get into a house without any tools , only night vision , " Komisarjevsky wrote . When he believes a home 's occupants are sleeping heavily , "  I make my way to the breaker room and start shutting down the electricity . ... I have night vision ; they have darkness . " Four journals were found in Komisarjevsky 's cell , testified Rafael Medina , a detective with the Connecticut State Police major crimes unit . In the journals , which were seized by authorities , Komisarjevsky discusses the Cheshire case , he said . Medina testified that what he read in the journals led him to believe Komisarjevsky was communicating with McDonald , whom Medina described as "  a book author . " Visitor logs showed that McDonald had visited Komisarjevsky once , he testified . In the penalty phase , jurors are allowed to consider evidence they heard during the guilt phase of the trial . They can also consider new testimony or evidence that attorneys introduce , which might include the defendant 's long history of prior convictions and anything that casts Hayes in a positive light . Hayes himself could testify . The defense offered testimony Monday from witnesses who had interacted with Hayes through work , from his apartment complex or because of his drug addiction . That testimony continued Tuesday with Philip Theeb , a building contractor who said he knew Hayes through his girlfriend and gave him work as a painter . Theeb described Hayes as a hard worker and said he loaned Hayes his truck on the weekend the attack took place , but "  on Monday morning he failed to show up . " He told jurors he had met Komisarjevsky before , and tried to call him after Hayes did not show up . When he first heard from the police , he said , he thought Hayes "  had done something stupid . " When he heard what Hayes was accused of , Theeb said , he was "  shocked . ... I could n't believe it . " William Petit has said he will not offer a victim impact statement during Hayes ' penalty phase , saying in a statement he "  regretfully " decided against doing so because Connecticut 's law on victim impact statements is unclear and could provide convicts with grounds to appeal their sentences . After Wednesday , when just one witness is scheduled to testify , no testimony will occur as the judge and attorneys work on jury instructions . Testimony is to resume Monday .	NEW : "  I swung again , and then again " Portions of letter from Joshua Komisarjevsky read in court Defense : Komisarjevsky , who is to be tried separately , was "  the mastermind " Hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasion
CNN  -- A militant Islamist group associated with al Qaeda has for the first time threatened to attack Israel , far from its normal base of operations in Somalia . Al-Shabab , which is fighting to control the east African country , accused Israel of "  starting to destroy " the Al Aqsa mosque , where standoffs have taken place recently between Israeli police and Palestinians . The mosque is part of the complex that Jews call the Temple Mount and Muslims call Haram al-Sharif . "  The Jews started to destroy parts of the holy mosque of Al Aqsa and they routinely kill our Palestinian brothers , so we are committed to defend our Palestinian brothers , " said Mukhtar Robow Abu Mansur , a prominent Al-Shabab commander . His threat was part of a series of fiery sermons delivered after Friday prayers in Baidoa in southwest Somalia . Al-Shabab controls the region , which is part of a country that has been without an effective national government for nearly 20 years . Other leaders of the group also threatened Israel , the first time the group is known to have done so . "  We will transfer and expand our fighting in the Middle East so we can defend Al Aqsa mosque from the Israelis , " Al-Shabab commander Abdifatah Aweys Abu Hamza said in Mogadishu , the Somali capital . He is apparently the leader of a new Al-Shabab armed group calling themselves "  Mujahedin Al Aqsa , " or "  Al Aqsa Holy Warriors , " which they said is assigned to attack Israel . It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel . But Rashid Abdi of the International Crisis Group , speaking last week before al-Shabab issued its threats against Israel , warned that the group should be taken seriously . "  We should not underestimate the capacity of Al-Shabab , " he said . "  This is a deadly organization , a formidable foe . " Abdi said the group had been mutating from a nationalist group into a terrorist organization more like al Qaeda , which was behind the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States . "  If you look at the rhetoric and language and if you look at the Web sites , if you hear their preachers or their scholars speak , it is completely indistinguishable from al Qaeda leaders , " Abdi said . The group has also become more vicious in Somalia , a local human rights expert said . "  The most gruesome and gross violations of human rights are committed by Al-Shabab , " activist Hassan Shire Sheikh said . "  They have also instilled fear . They just shoot , they kill , they maim and they lash . " The group also threatened African neighbors on Friday , including Ethiopia , Djibouti , Kenya , Eritrea , Ghana , Sudan and Uganda . They have in the past threatened African nations that provide peacekeeping troops to the war-torn country . The U.S. State Department Country Reports on Terrorism from April lists Al-Shabab as a terrorist organization and blames it for shootings and suicide bombings inside Somalia . It does not list the group as having carried out violence outside Somalia , but says some members of the group have trained and fought alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan . Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . The transitional government has struggled to establish authority , challenged by Islamist groups like Al-Shabab that have seized control of Mogadishu and much of the south . CNN 's David McKenzie in Nairobi , Kenya , contributed to this report .	Al-Shabab accuses Israel of "  starting to destroy " the Al Aqsa mosque "  We are committed to defend our Palestinian brothers , " Al-Shabab commander says It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew its dictator
CNN  -- A coalition of civil rights organizations has filed a motion in federal court seeking to block an Arizona law that requires officers to make immigration checks while enforcing other laws if "  reasonable suspicion " of illegal immigration exists . The so called "  show me your papers " provision is perhaps the most controversial aspect of Arizona 's tough immigration law , SB 1070 . The U.S. Supreme Court last month , in response to a challenge by the Justice Department , struck down three provisions of SB 1070 , but upheld the police immigration checks . The civil rights groups asked the court to block implementation of the law while they make their case that the provision is unconstitutional . Even though the Supreme Court upheld the provision , the civil rights organizations say they are presenting new arguments and new evidence against it . In the motion , the organizations argue that the provision in question will result in extended detentions while statuses are being checked , violating the Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches . The motion also argues that the provision violates the Equal Protection Clause because "  racial or national origin discrimination was a motivating factor in its enactment . " It also calls for an injunction to another part of SB 1070 that makes it a state crime to harbor immigrants who are in the country illegally . "  In a state that 's more than 30 percent Latino , requiring police to act as immigration agents is an invitation to racial profiling on a massive scale , " Omar Jadwat , a senior staff attorney with the ACLU Immigrants ' Rights Project , said in a statement . "  Police chiefs and communities know these laws do n't work , and we hope that the courts will continue to block them from going forward . " According to the ACLU , the new evidence shows that lawmakers who supported SB 1070 used false statements and discriminatory language with the intention to impose a statewide practice of racial profiling . The motion was made on behalf of plaintiffs in Valle del Sol v. Whiting , et al. , a class action lawsuit challenging SB 1070 , filed in May 2010 . In addition to the ACLU , those presenting the motion include the National Immigration Law Center , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , and the National Day Laborer Organizing Network . Earlier this month , federal officials said they had not seen a change in the number of illegal immigration checks sought by local Arizona police as allowed by the partially upheld law . The Phoenix Police Department and at least two sheriffs in Arizona told CNN that the law wo n't result in great change for their departments . But Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor expressed concern in an interview after the ruling about whether his 950-officer agency has been dealt an "  impossible mandate . " The state law allows citizens to sue his department or others if they fail to enforce federal immigration laws , the chief said . "  Just for my agency , it will be a huge workload , just making the calls and waiting for a response on what to do , " the police chief of Arizona 's second-largest city said . "  I 'm not sure the federal government is capable of handling all the requests that they will be receiving , " Villasenor added . "  I do n't know what effect it will have on my agency . "	A coalition of civil rights groups wants to block parts of Arizona 's immigration law The Supreme Court has upheld a controversial provision , but the groups want it blocked There are new arguments and evidence that SB 1070 is unconstitutional , the motion says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is an unusual art auction where making money is n't a great concern . But that is the case this weekend when a series of paintings go on the block with the purpose of drawing attention to climate change . This picture by Andrew Bartolo , 15 , of Malta is one of 26 for sale in the UNEP 's "  Paint for the Planet " auction . This weekend , 26 paintings with the theme of climate change will be auctioned in New York City to raise money for children most adversely affected by global warming . The "  Paint for the Planet " auction is sponsored by the United Nations Environment Program  UNEP  and will spotlight the work of young artists across the globe . "  Half of the world 's population is today below 25 years of age , " said Achim Steiner , executive director of UNEP . "  The auction is a way of communicating their perspective and the auction and the money is in a sense a companion benefit . " Pre-bids have started and early indications suggest that all 26 paintings will be sold for at least the opening bid of $ 500 apiece . The paintings are the best of some 200,000 entries received during the past 17 years of the UNEP 's annual International Children 's Painting Competition . Entries came from as far afield as Burundi , Armenia , Thailand and Colombia . "  Some of these kids were only seven , eight nine or ten years old when they painted these things " , Steiner said . "  The imagination and imagery is stunning ... and the humor . There 's one of a polar bear taking off his costume and it 's a polar bear in a bikini . " Penguins also are featured prominently . Fifteen-year-old Andrew Bartolo from Malta secured third place with his picture of penguins frolicking on a beach . Some are tossing beach balls while others sit nearby in a fridge . Of his picture , Andrew says : "  I have painted a scene that , though slightly extreme , gives an insight into a possible future , one where animals lose their homes and are forced to migrate to unfamiliar territories ... Due to our wrong decisions , these creatures are suffering just as much as we are or more . Daniela Melendez , 14 , of Colombia strikes a more upbeat note with her painting showing the globe and people harnessing alternative forms of energy . "  With my painting I wanted to tell people that it 's easier and better when we work together ... we TOGETHER are doing it , together we can work it out , " says Daniela . It 's that kind of optimism about the future that the UNEP hopes to propagate through the promotion and sale of the 26 paintings . Another 26 paintings will join them in a traveling exhibit that will follow climate talks around the world until their climax in Copenhagen in December 2009 . The auction and exhibition are part of the new global campaign launched today ; "  UNite to Combat Climate Change " calls for a definitive agreement on climate change to be formed at those talks in Denmark . In conjunction with the campaign , the UNEP has released results of a survey it says highlights how concerned young people are about climate change . The vast majority of nearly 2,000 children surveyed in five countries decisively said that climate change was a top concern : Brazil  96 percent  , South Africa  91 percent  , India  85 percent  , the United States  82 percent  and Russia  70 percent  . The majority of those surveyed -- except those in India -- agreed that it was necessary to take major steps very soon : Brazil  88 percent  , South Africa  81 percent  , Russia  75 percent  , and the United States  61 percent  . In India , most thought it was necessary to take "  modest " steps over the coming years  53 percent  . "  Children have a way of questioning established wisdom and that is part of opening up new ways of thinking and acting , " Steiner said . "  So I think we need to mobilize the energy and the enthusiasm and the commitment and the faith of young people to get involved in these issues . " Live bidding for the paintings starts on Saturday at 8 p.m. ET at the Harvard Club in New York . Eager buyers outside the United States are being encourage to lodge pre-bids or to participate online through eBay .	Collection of children 's art to be auctioned by the UN on Saturday in New York The paintings share the common theme of climate change , pleas for action The artworks were chosen from 200,000 sent to the UN over the past 17 years Pre-bids indicate all 26 paintings will be sold for at least $ 500 a piece
CNN  Japanese officials want to talk to ISIS . But can they get in touch with the militant group ? And if they do , can they do anything to save the lives of two Japanese men being held hostage ? Time is running out : ISIS put out a video Tuesday giving the Japanese government 72 hours to pay $ 200 million , or else Kenji Goto and Haruna Yukawa -- like other ISIS captives before them -- will be killed . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Wednesday that his government estimates the deadline will come at 2:50 p.m. Friday , Tokyo time  12:50 a.m. ET  . Until then , he said , Japanese officials are trying to save them . Suga said his government will do its utmost to communicate with ISIS on the fate of Goto and Yukawa through a third party , such as another nation 's government or a local tribe . He did n't say whether Japan would be willing to pay any ransom . Absent such a private back-and-forth , the Japanese official voiced his government 's stance publicly , including its defense of a proposed aid package , also tabbed at $ 200 million , to help those who are "  contending " with ISIS , according to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Abe has defended the aid package as needed to build up "  human capacities , infrastructure and so on , " yet ISIS denounced it anyway in its recent video . "  Japan 's measures are absolutely not intending to kill Muslim people , unlike what the hostage takers claim , " Suga said Wednesday . "  We strongly urge them not to harm the two Japanese nationals and immediately release them . " Q&A : Harsh realities of ransom , kidnappings Goto and Yukawa were last seen months ago , disappearing in the same part of the world . While they had different professions , the two knew and talked to each other , said Yukawa 's friend Nobuo Kimoto . It was January 2014 when Kimoto met Yukawa , who told him about his dream of providing security for Japanese ships in dangerous areas , such as waters off Somalia sometimes plagued by pirates . Three months later , Yukawa headed off to Syria to gain combat and survival experience , Kimoto said . There , Yukawa met the man ISIS refers to as Kenji Goto Jogo  who goes by Kenji Goto on Twitter and in a photograph accredited to him  . Goto is a freelance journalist who has worked for various Japanese news organizations , including reporting about the northern Syrian battleground city of Kobani , which for weeks has been under siege by ISIS , and other areas . Goto gave Yukawa insights on how to survive there , Kimoto said . He also introduced him to rebel fighters -- distinct from ISIS , even though both were fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces -- some of whom talked about their need for ambulances to shuttle the injured . That plea spurred Yukawa to start raising money for this cause after returning to Japan , according to his friend Kimoto . "  I felt a chill when he said , after returning home ,  that  he felt in Syria he was really living a life , " Kimoto said . "  He seems to have felt satisfaction being there and living together with the locals . " He went back to Syria in July -- a trip that Kimoto said he did n't know about at the time . Kimoto said he had advised Yukawa to focus on building up his Private Military Company , which provided armed security services and posted videos online of his activities in Iraq and Syria . Yukawa , 42 , went missing and was captured sometime after that . Goto met the same fate . While it 's not known exactly when he became a hostage , his last Twitter post was on October 23 . Alaaeddin Al Zaim worked as a fixer for Goto . Speaking to CNN in Turkey , he said the journalist had reached out to him about going into ISIS-controlled territory . "  I am not American , I am not British . I 'm Japanese . I can go , " Goto told the fixer . Fixers help reporters travel and connect with local contacts . Al Zaim refused , believing the trip was too dangerous . Another fixer agreed to take Goto to ISIS , Al Zaim said . Before he left , Goto made a short video -- which CNN saw -- in which he explained his decision to travel was his , and his alone . Goto gave Al Zaim his phones , and a list of numbers . "  He gave me this and asked me to call Japanese wife , his wife in Japan , his friends in Japan . After one week , if I do n't hear any news of them or any connection , I have to call them , " said Al Zaim , who remembers seeing Goto for the last time on October 25 . After a week , he said , he had n't heard from Goto and so he made the call to his wife . Al Zaim , who described Goto as his brother , praised his reporting work . "  He is the best journalist I met him , and I work with him because he  does n't  like military stories . He covered , every time , civilian and kids stories in Syria . "  And also he is very strong . Anytime he want to do his job very well ... Sometimes we are going to danger  ous  places , he  is n't  afraid . He tell  s  me : ` This is my job . I am journalist . I have to do that . ' " CNN could not immediately confirm the details of what Al Zaim said . What happens next for both men is up to ISIS . Unfortunately , it does n't have a record of showing much mercy . The Islamist militant group has been behind mass killings and kidnappings during its years-long campaign to take over vast swaths of Iraq and Syria , attempting to justify its actions -- like enslaving and having sex with young girls -- as somehow consistent with its extreme , conservative faith . Taking hostages from outside countries has been part of its playbook . Not only has ISIS beheaded many of them , but it 's made a show of it by recording their deaths and showing them online as propaganda , something that began in August with the killing of U.S. journalist James Foley . Those beheaded hostages were American and British , both from countries involved in a military campaign against ISIS . Japan is allies with both , though it is not participating in any airstrikes or the training or outfitting of those fighting the militant group . Tokyo 's stance on the conflict , including the $ 200 million pledge that Abe made Sunday , was apparently enough to draw the ire of the group that calls itself the Islamic State . "  Although you are more than 8,500 kilometers away from the Islamic State , you willingly volunteered to take part in this crusade , " said the masked man who stood over Goto and Yukawa in Tuesday 's video , addressing his comments to Abe . Who is ` Jihadi John ' ? Abe has responded by defending the proposed aid and blasting ISIS ' threat against two of his nation 's citizens as "  unacceptable . " "  I feel angry about it , " he said Tuesday . "  I strongly urge them to immediately release the hostages without harming them . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Will Ripley , Gul Tuysuz , Jethro Mullen and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Japanese official says Japan is trying to talk to ISIS through a third party He does n't say whether Japan would pay a $ 200 million ransom demanded for release Hostages were shown in an ISIS video , with a masked man standing over them
WHEATON , Illinois  AP  -- A gunman who took a dozen hostages in a suburban Chicago bank after wresting a gun from a police officer Friday died after shooting himself in the head , police said . Hostages were released Friday after a gunman killed himself in suburban Chicago , police say . The standoff began around 1:30 p.m. , after a Wheaton police officer responded to a call of a hit-and-run accident near the bank . When the officer arrived , the suspect grabbed the officer from behind , held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun , Deputy Chief Thomas Meloni said . During an ensuing struggle , the officer was cut on a forearm and the suspect was able to take the gun and run the lobby of the Wheaton Bank & Trust , where he ordered everyone to the floor , Meloni said . Police in Wheaton , about 20 miles west of Chicago , did not immediately release the gunman 's identity . As officers evacuated nearby businesses and homes and shut down streets and rail service , hostage negotiators talked to the gunman by phone . They were able to persuade him to release 10 hostages , leaving two behind , Meloni said . "  At one point the suspect began to close the blinds from inside the bank and he disconnected the phone contact with the hostage negotiators , " Meloni said . Shortly afterward , about 4:15 p.m. , officers heard a single gunshot and they rushed in , Meloni said . He said the man was dead of a single gunshot wound to the head . A spokeswoman for Central DuPage Hospital , Amy Steinbruecker , said the hospital treated and released the police officer who scuffled with the suspect for minor injuries . Television footage showed dozens of people running from the four-story bank building , which includes other businesses , with their hands above their heads . "  We locked our office door , turned off the lights , drew the blinds , " said Donna Price , 52 , of McHenry , who works in the office building . "  Then we heard a knock on the door and it was a SWAT guy . He told us to get out right now . "  I said , ` Let me get my purse . ' He said , ` No , now . " ' Price said police held people in a stairwell of the building before ordering them out . "  We all had to put our hands up on the back of our heads and run , " Price said from a convenience store across the street where more than 100 people were crowded .	Gunman took a dozen hostages in a suburban Chicago bank Friday Police : Suspect held knife to officer 's throat and demanded his gun Suspect was found with a bullet wound to his head , officials said
CNN  -- Tablets , laptops , e-readers , smartphones . They keep us plugged in everywhere we go , except when we 're on a plane . Many travelers do n't believe there is anything wrong with leaving their personal electronic devices on while in flight , but it 's a no-no during takeoffs and landings . In August , the Federal Aviation Administration announced plans for a working group that would study the issue of portable electronics on flights and make suggestions for changes . The committee is due to report its findings this summer . Advocates say it 's time for a change . "  It certainly appears that using an electronic device to read a magazine , to read a newspaper is not a safety factor , " said John Walls , vice president of public affairs for CTIA-The Wireless Association . Harlem shake reaches new heights ; FAA not amused Using personal electronic devices below 10,000 feet is banned on most airlines . Electronic health devices such as hearing aids and pacemakers are allowed at all times . Anyone who flies could tell you how often the rule is ignored , but it 's announced before every flight . While many airlines now offer Wi-Fi access via portable electronic devices from laptops to smartphones , cellular voice and data services on domestic airlines fall under that Federal Communications Commission ban . There has n't been any conclusive proof that devices such as tablets and e-readers are a danger , but a study released in 2011 found 75 instances of interference that may have been related to personal electronic devices , However , it is difficult to verify pilots ' suspicions because of the difficulty replicating incidents . The FAA has said it does not know of any aviation accidents linked to interference from personal electronic devices . Flight attendants say it 's a matter of getting your attention during the most sensitive parts of the flight . "  If someone is listening to their music or they 're watching a video , and they 've got their beats on or their noise-canceling headphones , we want to make sure that , if there is a situation that passengers need to hear and understand , that they will be able to do so , " said Veda Shook , president of the Association of Flight Attendants . The National Association of Airline Passengers agrees that unplugging for a few minutes is a small price to pay for safety . "  So we do not as passengers want to do anything that will interfere or distract the pilots at this critical time of the flight , " said Douglas Kidd , the organization 's executive director . The pressure is to bring the rules up to date with the proliferation of electronic devices . Even the FCC recommended the increased use of some electronic devices . "  I write to urge the FAA to enable greater use of tablets , e-readers , and other portable electronic devices during flight , consistent with public safety , " FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said in an August letter . Delta Air Lines is also on record urging the FAA to expand the use of electronic devices in flight but to limit cell phone calls to the ground only . There is congressional pressure for change as well . Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri says the restrictions threaten to undermine public confidence in the FAA . The agency already allows pilots to use electronic tablets in the cockpit . The group will not discuss cell phone use in the air , which is banned by the FCC because of the potential for interference with wireless networks on the ground . The ban has been in place for more than 20 years . Who 's in the tower ? At some regional airports , possibly nobody CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	FAA formed group in August to study issue , make suggestions Use of electronic devices is banned when planes are landing , taking off Advocates say they do n't present safety issues Flight attendants , others say the flight crew needs your attention at certain times
CNN Student News  -- March 29 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Japan : Disaster-affected Areas  Cuba  Qatar Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : An airport 's recovery , a former president 's return to Cuba , and a plan to block out the sun ! All of it 's on the schedule for today 's show . I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News ! First Up : Sign of Hope AZUZ : We 're starting today in Japan at the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . Engineers are trying to figure out just how much the recent earthquake and tsunami damaged the plant 's nuclear reactors , and what that might mean for the area around those reactors . Yesterday , a government official said one of the reactors might be leaking radioactive material . Tests on seawater showed some signs of contamination as well , about 360 miles out into the Pacific Ocean . And tests have shown small amounts of plutonium in the soil at different spots around the power plant , though the company that owns the plant says the plutonium is not a harmful amount . Parts of Japan were shaken by another earthquake , though ; this one hit on Monday . Was n't nearly as strong as the quake from two weeks ago . But it did happen in the same general area as the March 11th quake , near the city of Sendai on Japan 's east coast . That 's where Martin Savidge is now for us . He 's at Sendai 's airport , looking at how its recovery is a sign of hope for the victims of these disasters . BEGIN VIDEO MARTIN SAVIDGE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : If you remember some of the most amazing images that came out in the first hours after the tsunami , one of them would have to be the airport in Sendai . It was just so amazing to see this massive airport overrun with water and debris . Now , we 're going back to see how it looks today . But first , we have to avoid Japan 's ongoing nuclear disaster . COLONEL ROB TOFT , USAF SPECIAL OPS : This is the Fukushima reactor , the 25-mile restricted area . This is our airplane here . SAVIDGE : Colonel Rob Toft was aboard the first plane to land at Sendai after the tsunami . TOFT : I think anything that you see on TV , well , Hollywood with their greatest special effects ca n't put into perspective the amount of destruction that was down there on the airfield the day that we arrived . SAVIDGE : Sweeping in for landing ourselves , we see none of that . You can probably see that , for the most part , behind us it looks great . It really does . The transition is amazing given what happened here the day of the disaster . But get away from the runway and you see the reminders , which a literal army of 240 U.S. airmen , soldiers and Marines , alongside Japanese civilians , frantically worked to clear . By just dumb luck , there were no large passenger planes here when the wave hit , but hundreds of smaller , mostly private aircraft were n't so lucky . They look as though they fell from the sky . Even ones in the hangers were n't spared . This is the main entrance here at Sendai . It 's like any normal American airport , only it 's not so normal now . Sendai 's an international hub . Think Logan Airport or Dulles . Japanese officials had written the place off . Did you think it would be able to be reopened ? COLONEL MAKOTO KASAMATSU , JAPAN SELF-DEFENSE FORCES : To be honest , the answer is no . SAVIDGE : But it is open . It now serves as a center for humanitarian aid distribution . And guiding those planes from the same roof on which so many sought shelter , now stand American Air Force air traffic controllers , who saw a tragedy and were able to help . MASTER SGT. MICHAEL CHARVAT , U.S. AIR FORCE COMBAT CONTROLLER : You feel kind of sad . Then you know you 're here for a job and hopefully you can bring some relief to the Japanese people . SAVIDGE : Once an iconic image of a disaster , Sendai Airport has now been transformed into an early sign of hope . Martin Savidge , CNN , Sendai , Japan . END VIDEO Crisis in Libya AZUZ : President Obama says the U.S. role in Libya will get smaller as NATO takes control of the coalition operation . But U.S. forces will still be involved . The question a lot of people are asking is why did the U.S. get involved in the first place ? Democrats and Republicans have been criticizing the president . They 're asking about the purpose of the mission in Libya , the cost , and what it might mean for America 's relationship with the Arab world . President Obama was scheduled to give a speech last night to address some of those concerns . It happened after we produced this show . We 're gon na have more details on that speech for you tomorrow . Unrest in Syria AZUZ : In the Middle Eastern nation of Syria , a law that 's been on the books for nearly 50 years could soon be removed . It 's called the "  emergency law . " What it does is allow the Syrian government to make preventive arrests , meaning it can arrest people before they commit a crime . The decision to lift the law comes after protests against the country 's government . Dozens of people have been killed in the fighting between protesters and Syrian security forces . A lot of this violence has been happening in a couple cities in Syria . The government blamed the violence in one of those cities , the one you see in these photos , on "  armed gangs " who got a hold of police weapons . I.D. ME STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an island nation located in the Caribbean Sea . Communist forces took over my government in 1959 . I 'm less than 100 miles away from the United States , but I 've had a tense relationship with America for decades . I 'm Cuba , and my capital city is Havana . Pres. Carter in Cuba AZUZ : And that 's where former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is right now . He 's in the middle of a three-day visit to the communist nation of Cuba . President Carter arrived on Monday . He was invited by Cuban President Raul Castro , whom he 's scheduled to meet with today . Yesterday , Carter met with religious leaders and U.S. officials . It 's not the former U.S. president 's first trip to Cuba . Shasta Darlington looks at what 's on the agenda for former President Carter and how this trip will be different from his last visit to the island nation . BEGIN VIDEO SHASTA DARLINGTON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , HAVANA : When Jimmy Carter arrived on his last visit to Cuba , Fidel Castro himself was on the tarmac to greet the former U.S. president . He 's the only American leader , in or out of office , to visit the island since Castro 's 1959 revolution . Carter will be back on a private mission to talk about ways to improve U.S.-Cuba relations with the new president , Raul Castro . In some ways , the time is ripe . Castro has introduced sweeping changes to the Soviet-style economy . Cuba freed the last of 75 dissidents jailed in a 2003 crackdown on the opposition that prompted worldwide condemnation . Oscar Elias Biscet was sentenced to 25 years in prison for counter-revolutionary activities , but freed this month . OSCAR ELIAS BISCET , CUBAN DISSIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I want to continue my work in the defense of human rights , " he says . "  We want a democratic and free society . " DARLINGTON : Raul Castro agreed to release the prisoners last year as part of a deal brokered by the Catholic Church and Spain , removing one of the major obstacles to improved relations with the United States . But you would n't know it from President Barack Obama 's speech . He talked about changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba that he 's made , and the need for reciprocal action . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Cuban authorities must take some meaningful actions to respect the basic rights of their own people , not because the United States insists upon it , but because the people of Cuba deserve it . DARLINGTON : Part of the reason for the impasse between the nations is Alan Gross , a USAID contractor who was arrested in Havana in 2009 . This month , Gross was sentenced to 15 years in jail for his work on what Cuba saw as a "  subversive " program hooking dissidents up to the internet . The U.S. said he was merely helping the Jewish community . No doubt , expectations will run high that Carter will try to secure the early release for Gross . But at least officially , it 's not even on the three-day agenda for the former president . Shasta Darlington , CNN . Havana . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Soccer 's World Cup is played every two years . Nope ! Not true ! The FIFA World Cup occurs once every four years . Robotic Cloud ? AZUZ : In the summer of 2022 , the Persian Gulf nation of Qatar will host the World Cup . This is a country where the temperatures in the Summer are normally triple digits , so engineers are working on ways for fans and players to beat the heat . This is one idea . It 's a robotic cloud made out of carbon fibers . Officials are planning to put together a prototype this year , and this animation shows you how it might work . Engines would help the robo-cloud get off the ground . And officials would plan to use remote controls to position the cloud between the stadium and the sun . Will it work ? Engineers have 11 years to find out for sure . Before We Go AZUZ : Finally , in a cross-state battle , someone 's about to get their just desserts . And it looks like it 's going to be Maine , thanks to the world 's biggest whoopie pie . This is basically a giant cookie sandwich with fluffy filling in the middle . Delicious ! Maine and Pennsylvania were jawing over which state could claim it as their dessert . Pennsylvania 's largest : more than 200 pounds . This one in Maine : more than a thousand ! Goodbye AZUZ : No matter how you slice it , that victory is sweet . I 'm sure it took a while to bake something so big . But if you ask the chefs , they 'd probably say it was easy as pie . We 've eaten up all our time for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear how a Japanese airport 's recovery could offer signs of hope Find out why former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is returning to Cuba Learn about a robotic proposal to help soccer fans beat the heat Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- New Hampshire Republicans will not watch Monday night 's presidential debate in the same way as typical voters across the country . Any good politician knows this . The state 's traditional blend of fiscal conservatism and social tolerance poses a tricky challenge for the seven GOP candidates onstage at St. Anselm College . Answers that win applause in Iowa living rooms might not work as well in the Granite State . Discussions of faith , now common in presidential debates , are important to most Republican voters in other early primary and caucus states . But religion is not as central to life in New Hampshire , where social conservatives hold limited sway . A quarter of Granite Staters go to church on a typical Sunday , far below the national average . This state is one of the few where same-sex marriage is legal . In 2009 , when a Democratic Legislature and governor replaced civil unions with same-sex marriage , many local Republicans were angry . Despite a sharp turn to the right in both the state House and Senate in the 2010 elections , quick reversal of the new law has not become a top GOP priority . According to a University of New Hampshire poll in February , 37 % of Republicans strongly support repeal . Ending same-sex marriage is extremely important to just 5 % of the state 's voters . As a result , questions asked Monday night about divisive social topics may get more attention along Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , than on Hampton Beach . Other issues are more important here . New Hampshire 's reputation as a conservative Republican stronghold is well-deserved . The state 's most influential modern governor , Meldrim Thomson , left a tight-fisted legacy of small government that endures more than three decades later . His populist slogan , "  Ax the Tax , " ensured that the sales and income taxes accepted in most states would remain political poison here for decades . In November , a new populist wave arrived . Tea Party insurgents won scores of state legislative seats . The activists then overwhelmed the GOP establishment , electing allies as House speaker and state party chairman . In this new political climate , issues that matter to libertarians , strict constitutionalists and fiscal conservatives are moving to center stage . Past attempts to weaken unions went nowhere . But labor now has few Republican friends in New Hampshire . A controversial right-to-work bill , which would make most union membership voluntary , may be passed over Democratic Gov. John Lynch 's veto . Limitations on government are important to many of these new activists . Many embrace the 10th Amendment , which they see as essential protection against a too-powerful federal government . They have no use for "  compassionate conservativism , " which they see as nothing but big , intrusive bureaucracy . Eminent domain is another government power distrusted by many of these new conservative activists . A controversial power line proposal that depended on state confiscation of rural land already faced broad opposition , but the new activists ' votes may prove decisive in blocking the project . Questions that touch on some of these issues may seem unusual elsewhere , but not here . The answers will have real impact as New Hampshire 's Republicans and independents begin studying the field . To avoid stumbling here , candidates must remember that the Granite State is changing but it remains unique . Treating its voters like Iowans would be as foolish as confusing ethanol with maple syrup .	Answers that win applause in Iowa living rooms might not work as well in New Hampshire Religion is n't as central to life in New Hampshire , where social conservatives hold limited sway Limitations on government are important to many new activists in the Granite State
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British bank Lloyds TSB has agreed to forfeit $ 350 million dollars to U.S. and New York authorities for criminally hiding information about prohibited dealings with Iranian and Sudanese customers . Prosecutors said that the bank 's misconduct took place between 1995 and 2007 . Under a settlement reached in a federal court in Washington late Friday , Lloyds acknowledged criminal conduct and forfeited $ 175 million to U.S. authorities and an equal amount to New York authorities . Court documents say for more than a decade Lloyds had been falsifying data which moved through U.S. institutions by "  stripping out " of wire transfers any references to business deals involving customers in the two countries . Lloyds officials acknowledged they feared if the U.S. had been aware of the deals they would likely have been blocked because of restrictions on commercial deals with Iran and Sudan . "  For more than 12 years Lloyd 's facilitated the anonymous movement of hundreds of millions of dollars from U.S.-sanctioned nations through our financial system , " said Acting Assistant Attorney General Matthew Friedrich . "  Lloyds stripped identifying information from international wire transfers that would have raised a red flag at U.S. financial institutions and caused such payments to be scrutinized , " he said . Although the money must be forfeited , under terms of the deal Lloyds will not presently be prosecuted because it accepted responsibility and has vowed to abide by the U.S. laws . After two years the U.S. will forego prosecution and formally drop the criminal charge . In a statement , the bank said : "  We committed substantial resources to a thorough internal investigation , the results of which were shared with U.S. investigators and regulators . "  We are committed to running our business with the highest levels of integrity and regulatory compliance across all of our operations and have undertaken a range of significant steps to further enhance our compliance programs . " In October , the British government agreed a deal with Lloyds TSB , HBOS and Royal Bank of Scotland to make a multi-billion investment in the three to help them through what Prime Minister Gordon Brown described as the "  first financial crisis of the global age . "	Bank accused of helping customers in Sudan and Iran avoid U.S. sanctions Violations took place between 1995 and 2007 U.S. Justice Department : Lloyds TSB acknowledged "  criminal conduct " It said Lloyds agreed to forfeit the funds in return for an end to its investigation
Virgin Galactic , the space tourism company founded by British billionaire Richard Branson , has barred Chinese nationals from applying for spots on its first commercial flights . Cashed-up People 's Republic of China passport holders have reportedly been willing to pay the $ 260,000 fare for a spot on the inaugural Virgin Galactic space flight scheduled for later this year , but have been turned down in order to comply with United States anti-espionage laws , the South China Morning Post reports . Rocket engines on the Virgin Galactic craft -- named SpaceShip Two and WhiteKnight Two -- are reportedly considered military grade technology under Cold War U.S. arms trafficking laws . The legislation was designed to prevent foreign powers , such as China , from getting hold of U.S. military tech secrets . "  Both SpaceShipTwo and WhiteKnight Two are U.S. technology and are therefore subject to U.S. regulations , " said Winnie Chan , a spokesperson for a Virgin Galactic accredited partner in Asia . Chinese nationals with multiple passports or U.S. residency might be considered for a place on the space trips , Virgin Galactic said . Short -- but sweet ? Virgin Galactic has already accrued almost $ 70 million in deposits for spots on its space flights , according to the SCMP , the first of which is due to take place later this year . A ticket gets you a 110-kilometer trip into the atmosphere and six minutes of weightlessness before returning to Earth . The cost of the tickets has been criticized as excessive for such relatively brief excursions . Virgin Galactic will be headquartered and launching its flights from Spaceport America , a planned epicenter of space tourism near the New Mexico town of Truth or Consequences . "  Come visit us ! " says the Spaceport America website . No mention of nationality . CNN first learned of the story on Twitter . 20 most annoying things people do on planes	U.S. anti-espionage laws bar Chinese nationals from Virgin space flights Chinese offers to buy $ 260,000 tickets "  rejected " Multiple passport holders may be allowed Trips criticized as too short and too expensive
The Supreme Court was the scene of an unusual disturbance during its public session on Wednesday , when a man interrupted an oral argument . The incident occurred near the end of debate between the nine justices on the bench and counsel , in a case over attorney fees in patent disputes . A man in a suit and dark tie rose from near the back of the marbled courtroom , and began loudly talking . Witnesses said he spoke about the need to keep campaign finance reform laws in place to regulate election spending and contributions . "  Money is not speech , " he reportedly said . "  Overturn ` Citizens United ! ' " referring to a 2010 high court decision loosening a century of federal restrictions on corporate spending by "  independent " groups like businesses and unions . He was only able say a few words before police escorted him from the courtroom , and did not resist . Supreme Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg identified the man as Noah Newkirk of Los Angeles . Newkirk has been charged with violating federal law that makes it a crime to "  harangue " or utter "  loud threatening or abusive language in the Supreme Court Building . " The justices ignored the incident . The court 's official written transcript of the argument made no mention of the remarks . Such outbursts are rare . Court officials say the last time it happened was eight years ago , during an oral argument over a federal law restricting a certain type of later-term abortion procedure . A similar interruption occurred about two decades ago . The courtroom has about 330 seats available to the public . Court security instructs spectators before each public session to remain seated , not to speak , or demonstrate . Signs also are not allowed , nor are any electronics or cameras . Protester loses appeal in military protest case	Man seated in courtroom began talking loudly about campaign finance reform Spectator outbursts are rare at Supreme Court The justices ignored the incident , and the man was led out by security
CNN  -- Bomb squads Tuesday dismantled an unspecified number of devices at a high school near Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , after a student opened fire at a school police officer , authorities said . Officers neutralized devices found at Socastee High School , said Sgt. Robert Kegler of the Horry County Police Department . Kegler did not indicate the number or nature of the devices . The school was evacuated during the incident . The devices were found several hours after the shooting , police said . The unidentified male student was in the office of Officer Erik Karney about 2 p.m. and opened fire with a handgun , police told CNN affiliate WMBF . Kegler did not know what the two were discussing at the time . Karney suffered minor injuries when the bullet struck a wall and shrapnel hit his face . The officer , who was later released from medical care , was able to detain the student , Kegler said . The student , whose age was not released , was detained by Horry County Police in connection with the incident . Kegler confirmed that investigators are also looking into a Twitter account containing suspicious posts . The campus and surrounding area were searched by bomb-detecting robots and a K-9 team Tuesday evening . The school will reopen Wednesday . Teal Britton , spokeswoman for Horry County Schools , confirmed to WMBF that metal detectors were not used on students entering the school Tuesday morning . That will change Wednesday morning , she said , adding that there will be at least two metal detectors at each entrance to the school . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report	School police officer hit by shrapnel Several devices found in South Carolina school after shooting Male student detained by police
CNN  -- A car bomb exploded outside a British army base in Northern Ireland early Monday , injuring one person . The blast went off about 12:30 a.m.  7:30 p.m. Sunday ET  outside the Palace Barracks in the Belfast neighborhood of Holywood where Britain 's MI5 intelligence service has its regional headquarters . The incident occurred just 30 minutes after police powers were transferred from London to Belfast . According to a statement from the Police Service of Northern Ireland , the bomb was placed in a stolen taxi which had been hijacked late Sunday in North Belfast . The taxi driver was held by three males for almost two hours before being told to drive his silver Skoda to the base . Police added that security staff at the facility were made aware of the abandoned vehicle just before midnight and commenced evacuation procedures . One elderly male , who was walking past the barracks at the time of the explosion , sustained minor injuries after the bomb detonated . There was no immediate report of a claim of responsibility for the blast , though the BBC reported that the Real IRA , a republican splinter group , admitted being behind the attack . "  Clearly the people responsible for this showed absolutely no regard for human life , " said local police commander , Chief Superintendent Nigel Grimshaw . "  There is no question in my mind , this was designed for one thing and one thing only -- to kill or cause serious injury to people and that 's exactly what it would have done were it not for the actions of my officers and military colleagues in the Barracks and the community themselves working together . "  Thankfully we were able to evacuate people from the immediate area of the explosion . "  The people responsible for this cowardly attack refuse to accept that Northern Ireland is moving on and that peace is working here . They are callous criminals who simply want to drag everyone back to the past to suit their misguided objectives . " Recent attacks in Northern Ireland have been blamed on dissident Irish republicans who reject the 1998 Good Friday accords , which sharply reduced violence in the British-ruled province . Northern Ireland was wracked for decades by violence between pro-British unionists and republicans who wanted Northern Ireland to join the rest of Ireland . About 3,000 people died in the "  Troubles , " as the violence was known , before the tenuous peace agreement was hammered out . There has been sporadic violence since then . A booby-trapped car exploded on January 8 , severely injuring Constable Peadar Heffron . A car bomb partly exploded outside the headquarters of the Policing Board of Northern Ireland on November 21 , and another under-car booby trap exploded on October 22 in east Belfast , injuring a woman , the PSNI said .	Bomb goes off in Belfast neighborhood No immediate claim of responsibility Other recent attacks blamed on dissident Irish republicans Occured just 30 minutes after police powers transferred from London to Belfast
CNN  -- I lived through 9/11 . Now I live two blocks from ground zero . This Sunday , I walked over to view two competing rallies - pro and con - over the Islamic cultural center  with mosque  that is to be built on Park Place , near the site of the former World Trade Center . The rally against the center was predictably more crowded . Perhaps 2,000 people clustered on West Broadway -- off-duty firefighters , construction workers and family members of the fallen from 9/11 -- all watched over by New York City 's finest . The cranes of ground zero were visible in the background . Looking at the signs and talking with the people , it soon became clear that the battle over the center has become a proxy war for other issues . It is a powerful magnet for passionate feeling in a combustible political environment . Many signs warned about sharia law , as if the center represents a first step toward the unconstitutional imposition of Islam 's religious principles on Americans . At the side of the speaker 's stage , two mock missiles had slogans painted on their side referring to Iran 's pursuit of a nuclear weapon . Beneath one of the "  missiles " was written "  Obama : With a middle name is Hussain  sic  . We understand . Bloomberg : What is your excuse ? "  Mayor Michael Bloomberg has strongly supported the building of the Islamic center . And there were flashes of wing-nuttery . A man in a Confederate flag shirt and a cowboy hat held a sign that read "  I 'm afraid the Mosquerade has ended . " A man in a plastic Obama mask with devil 's horns affixed to its side held a sign saying "  Evil Mosque . " For some folks , the Islamic center near ground zero has become a metaphor for what they fear Obama wants to do to the nation . This helps to explain the troubling rise in the number of people who believe fear-mongering emails that claim that the president is Muslim or not born in the nation . But the vast majority of the signs I saw were sobering : "  It 's Not About Freedom of Religion , its about Respect for the  3000  Dead ; " "  The mosque is salt in the wound of 9/11 ; " "  It 's my first amendment right to protest this travesty ... just because you have the right does n't mean you should . " These are not signs of so-called "  Islamophobia , " let alone hatred of all Muslims , as the wife of the Imam , Daisy Kahn , sweepingly asserted this week . They are instead common sense and easily anticipated concerns in a community that lost so many lives to Islamist  not Islamic  terrorism less than a decade ago . If the goal of the center is really to promote healing , the reaction so far is evidence of failure . A genuinely inter-faith center on that site would better accomplish those aims . The counter protest was pitifully small by comparison ; a few dozen people , no stage set or amplifiers , signs with earnest slogans like "  grief is no excuse for bigotry or war " or self-righteous non-sequiturs like "  America , when did it become O.K to be a bigot and a racist again . " Conflict between the two protests was kept to a minimum by the police , but there were angry debates and heated exchanges . One man walked by the center protestors and said "  die peacefully . " He said his name was Al. . I asked Al what he meant by that . He backed away and said that he hoped the protestors would find peace before the hereafter . "  This has nothing to do with the mosque . They are just racist haters . That 's not the America we know . I 've been living here 40 years . " He pointed to a 10-year old boy in a red baseball cap , who I assumed was his grandson . "  His father is a United States Marine . Where are we going to go ? This is our country ... They have opinions , that 's fine . But do n't hate Islam . Those who did wrong , they should be punished . But the same thing is true for the group in the White House that killed 1.5 million Iraqis . They should be punished . " "  Are you comparing President Bush to terrorists ? , " I asked . "  Oh , absolutely , " he said . "  Look at what happened in Abu Ghraib . You think Muslims are going to forget that ? " The truth is rarely pure and never simple . Attempts to paint all opponents of the center 's location as bigots are wrong . Attacks on the center 's organizers as a fifth column flank for Osama bin Laden are ignorant . The majority of people I spoke to seemed clear on the constitutional right to build an Islamic cultural center/mosque , as President Obama asserted . The real issue is what the president later called "  the wisdom " of the site 's selection . The fact of this debate -- however messy -- is evidence of America 's freedom and pluralism . We are debating whether or not we should override our own sensitivities in an attempt to teach the world a larger lesson , or whether our openness is being exploited by people who would undo it . The stakes are heightened because we are engaged in a non-optional war against Islamist terrorism . But as President Bush and President Obama have repeatedly emphasized , our enemy is most assuredly not Islam as a whole . People who are trying to exploit this debate for political gain are playing a dangerous game . America is great because we are good , and the example of our magnificent pluralism is the ultimate repudiation of the intolerance of extremists and fundamentalists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon went to protests over Islamic center , says it 's become proxy for other issues Protesters held inflammatory signs , he says , some from right-wing extreme But some protesters earnestly opposed , others just conflicted , he says Avlon : Islam as a whole is not the enemy ; exploiting issue for political gain is dangerous
CNN  -- The 2011 Rugby World Cup is nearly upon us , with millions of fans worldwide eager for the tournament in New Zealand to get under way . But while rugby union is hugely popular in the British Isles , parts of continental Europe and areas of the southern hemisphere , it remains a mystery to many global sports fans . So if you do n't know a try from a conversion , a lineout out from a scrum , or a ruck from a maul , check out our bluffer 's guide and enjoy the six-week long festival of rugby in the comfort of your new knowledge .	The 2011 Rugby World Cup will begin on Friday in New Zealand The opening match will see the hosts take on Tonga Held every four years , the tournament will run from September 9 to October 23
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- A bill that places new restrictions on abortion passed the Texas Senate on Friday after days of debate that galvanized activists nationwide . It was the second attempt by the measure 's supporters to pass the bill in the Senate -- it originally failed to gain approval because of a filibuster by Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis . The Senate voted 19 to 11 to approve the restrictions . Republican Gov. Rick Perry , who supports the new abortion laws , called the state Legislature back into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill , which passed the Texas House on Wednesday . The measure bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates abortion clinics become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . Opinion : It 's the real Texans who count Critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas -- denying access to many in rural communities -- and force women to seek dangerous back-alley abortions . The Republican legislators who support it say the bill is n't about banning abortions , but rather about protecting women 's health . The special session was marked by loud protests and high-profile voices from both sides of the abortion debate . Taking a swipe at former Republican Sen. Rick Santorum , who came to Austin to support the bill , Democratic Sen. Kirk Watson made a final appeal to the Republicans to vote no , asking them to : "  Take this chance to stop , take this chance to think , take this chance to stop listening to the partisans and failed presidential candidates . " Cowboy Rick Perry will ride again - in 2016 However , for supporters of the bill such as Sen. Jane Nelson , the bill 's measures are long overdue . "  There is a clear choice in this vote tonight , " she said . "  Do we keep the lax standards , do we forgo safeguards , do we ignore the evidence that at 20 weeks we have a child who can feel ? Or do we choose life ? " The roars of the crowd in the rotunda were audible throughout the Senate debate and at one point , abortion rights protesters disrupted the proceedings in the Senate gallery . One protester , singing quietly to the chamber , chained herself to a railing in the gallery and brought the session to a brief halt . The bill makes its way to Perry , who will sign it into law . "  Today the Texas Legislature took its final step in our historic effort to protect life , " Perry said after the bill 's passage . "  This legislation builds on the strong and unwavering commitment we have made to defend life and protect women 's health . I am proud of our lawmakers and citizens who tirelessly defended our smallest and most vulnerable Texans and future Texans . " Planned Parenthood , a leading reproductive health provider , decried the passage and called on voters to throw out the politicians who voted for it . "  If you are angry about what happened in Texas tonight -- and what 's happening in other states all around the country -- there is something you can do about it , " spokeswoman Dawn Laguens said . "  Register to vote , and vote for candidates who will protect women 's access to health care . " Read more : North Carolina House passes restrictive abortion bill CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	NEW : Planned Parenthood decries vote in Texas and similar votes in other states It originally failed to gain approval because of a filibuster by Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis Republican Gov. Rick Perry is expected to sign the bill Critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas
Editor 's note : Gene Seymour has written about movies , music and culture for The New York Times , Newsday , Entertainment Weekly and The Washington Post . He lives in Brooklyn , New York . Gene Seymour says we want to relive Michael Jackson 's youth , not the sad and bizarre aspects of his later life . CNN  -- Seconds after the news first hit the airwaves , your own shock merged with everyone else 's in the immediate vicinity . And you could feel it rolling through the rest of the planet like a runaway diesel . As with most things you neither expected nor wanted to hear , you thought that there had to be more to it than what was being said . Especially because it was Michael Jackson , who seemed too dominant , too other-worldly and , more than anything , too complex to be brought down by anything as simple as cardiac arrest . And also because most of what we 'd been hearing about Jackson 's personal life over the last decade and a half had been bizarre , sordid and sad . It was to those aspects -- the deepening isolation , the child molestation trials , the financial woes , the "  Wacko Jacko " moments like that 2002 interlude on the balcony with the baby -- that the talking heads on TV devoted tentative attention within minutes of the official announcement . The commentariat presumed it had a responsibility to poke those embers for clues of something beyond the single , dreadful fact of Jackson 's death . Even if we did n't care for this conversation , we had been conditioned by the most recent events to wonder , deep down , if there was something stranger or more unpleasant attached to his passing . But acceptance came easier -- and sooner -- than any of us expected last night . And when it did , we wanted the talking heads to go away and leave us with our memories ... and nothing but the good ones , thank you very much . We wanted the loop of performances and hit singles . Retrieve for us , please , the electricity of the 10-year-old wunderkind who literally leapt into our consciousness in that shattering year of 1968 with "  I Want You Back " and "  ABC . " Let us see that transfiguring moment 15 years later at the Motown Anniversary TV special when Jackson seized dominion over the pop firmament with his shattering , moon-walking recital of "  Billie Jean . " We wanted the videos -- "  Beat It , " "  Bad , " "  Thriller , " "  Black and White " and all that incredible , unearthly dancing . That was all we needed to see and hear . Save the armchair psychoanalysis for later . Maybe , much later . No one would have understood or indulged such yearnings as quickly or as intuitively as Michael Jackson . As surely as he was the King of Pop , Jackson was also a high priest of wish fulfillment . His performances as both precocious child and child-like adult made growing up or growing old the only unimaginable things in the known world . This Peter Pan mystique even became part of the Jackson brand to the point of naming his combination of retreat and theme park the Neverland Ranch . The promise of eternal youth was embedded in pop music way before Jackson and his four brothers emerged from the grit of Gary , Indiana , to jump-start Motown 's winning streak . But it 's when that promise expands to shatter boundaries and expand possibilities beyond Top-40 parameters that pop music becomes pop phenomena . And Michael Jackson , in the early 1980s , was a pop phenomenon powerful enough to pool together previously polarized audiences -- heavy metal , disco , funk -- and get them all on the same bandwagon . Only twice before -- with Elvis Presley and the Beatles -- had the cultural landscape been changed as decisively by a pop star . It has n't happened since -- and may never happen again . Certainly , "  Thriller , " the best-selling LP of all time , wo n't be surpassed because LPs have been superseded twice over by discs and downloads . Jackson 's off-stage public diffidence gave the impression that his transformations of both self and society were all happening by off-hand magic . But his wispy speaking voice belied a steely resolve to control his image , his artistry and his product . The energy he devoted to keep what he considered "  negativity " at bay was meant to nurture his audience 's dreams of release -- and to maintain his primacy in the pop marketplace . Even the eccentricities , at the peak of his influence , seemed calculated to promote , if not perpetuate , his product . But time  by far , Jackson 's worst and most formidable enemy  could n't stop even his most devoted admirers from wondering what drove him to change his appearance so drastically over the years . Or why he wanted to both save the world and hide from it with the same ferocious intensity . If he 'd been able to stop the clock at 1985 or even 1987  the year of "  Bad "  , life would have been so much easier . The magic faded . Setbacks and embarrassments were occasionally offset by a tour or show that transported us back to the better , happier times when we were willing to overlook real life for our most elemental dreams of release . We seek those dreams even more urgently now that we know , for certain , that we 'll never again see him on stage -- the one place where he was happiest and most assured . But perhaps the hardest dream to give up -- and the reason so many people in so many countries were almost physically leveled by yesterday 's news -- is of finding common ground and sharing common awe in a song or a dance or a single act of outreaching , transcendent audacity . However divided  or worse  we may have felt about Michael Jackson at the end , we cherish how he brought out the best in us at the beginning . Whatever the days ahead , that will be more than enough for now , forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : We want to relive the promise of Jackson 's eternal youth He says the final years of his life were bizarre and sad Seymour : Jackson pooled heavy metal , disco and funk audiences Jackson 's "  Thriller " LP will never be surpassed , he says
Beijing  CNN  -- Jobs and money , national identity and political stability . These are some of the contentious issues driving the presidential election in Taiwan this weekend . Seeking another four-year term is the incumbent president Ma Ying Jeou of the ruling Kuomintang Party , pitted against Tsai Ing-wen , leader of the Democratic Progressive Party  DPP  . Who wins the election will influence Taiwan 's relations with mainland China and impact business , geopolitics and security in the region , including China-U.S. ties . For many Taiwanese electorates , political observers say , the main issues are jobs , economics and Taiwanese identity . For the policy-makers in Beijing , however , the overriding question is whether the next Taiwan president will stick to the status quo . That means abiding by the "  1992 Consensus , " a tacit and ambiguous agreement reached 20 years ago between Beijing and Taipei under which both sides agreed on the principle of "  one China " without agreeing on how it is to be defined or interpreted . Despite the ambiguity , the 1992 Consensus has served as the basis for cross-strait dialogue that has led in recent years to the unprecedented blossoming of economic and people-to-people ties across the Taiwan Strait . In Beijing 's view , "  zuguo tongyi , " or reunification of the motherland , is a matter of national pride and iron-clad policy . Beijing says it prefers to do so peacefully but refuses to rule out the use of force to keep Taiwan from declaring itself a separate state . China keeps hundreds of missiles aimed at Taiwan , an ominous threat to the island to stay in the fold . War in the Taiwan Strait would prompt a China-U.S. standoff . In 1954 , the U.S. and Taiwan signed a mutual defense treaty . Even now , Washington sells Taiwan advanced jet fighters and other military hardware . America is also bound by the Taiwan Relations Act , U.S. legislation passed in 1979 , to consider an attack on the island as "  a threat to the peace and security " of the region and "  of grave concern to the U.S. " But all these years , Washington has avoided spelling out what it would do in case military clash erupts in the Taiwan Strait . Some observers say such ambiguity serves as a deterrent . Others worry it could lead to miscalculations . That delicate balance lurks at the heart of this weekend 's election . Incumbent president Ma Ying Jeou advocates maintaining the status quo . "  Ma Ying Jeou will continue the 1992 Consensus , " says Tsinghua University professor Yan Xuetong . "  If he does that we can maintain the current relationship across the Strait . " If Ma wins , says Wang Jianmin , a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences  CASS  in Beijing , "  we can hopefully keep the ` peaceful development ' scenario with the mutual trust based on the 1992 Consensus . " Beijing 's policy-makers are wary of Tsai Ing-wen , suspecting her of pushing a pro-independence agenda . Tsai for one rejects the 1992 Consensus and instead calls for a yet undefined "  Taiwan Consensus . " Jia Qingling , a top communist party official who oversees Taiwan affairs , recently warned : "  If we deny the status quo there is no way to carry on any further negotiations , and what we have achieved so far would be in vain . We would go back to the days of chaos and uncertainty . " But Wang believes relations between Beijing and Taipei will see a drastic change if DPP gets elected . "  There is no way China will keep the current level of talks if Taiwan claims itself to be a country , " he says . "  If so , Taiwan 's economy will certainly decline if the life blood from the mainland gets cut off . " But Tsinghua 's Yan Xuetong downplays any worst-case scenarios . "  Even if Tsai Ing Wen wins the election , she will adopt a moderate policy to mainland China , " he opines . There are good reasons not to rock the boat , mostly money . Closer ties between Taiwan and the mainland , observers say , have brought significant "  peace dividends " to both sides -- robust business and trade , tourism , academic and people-to-people exchanges and family reunions . Two-way trade last year topped U.S. $ 160 billion , according to estimates by China 's customs bureau . Over the years , Taiwanese investors , big and small , have pumped billions of dollars of investment into China . Last year alone , they invested over U.S. $ 12 billion in 520 projects on the mainland , according to a report by the state-run Xinhua new agency . Mainland companies , on the other hand , invested U.S. $ 174 million into over 200 projects in Taiwan in the short time since Taiwan allowed mainland investments in June 2009 , Xinhua said . Since Taiwan opened its borders to mainland tourists three-and-a-half years ago , says Shao Qiwei , head of China 's tourism agency , over three million mainlanders have visited the island . Last year alone , 1.8 million joined tours or went as individual travelers , Shao added . In contrast , about five million Taiwanese tourists visited the mainland last year , according to National Tourism Administration . But for the Communist leadership in Beijing closer ties also poses a downside : they bring a democratic contagion to the mainland . On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , Linghutian writes : "  No matter who wins , it 's the victory of Taiwan 's voters and the democracy they 've been practicing . We mainlanders should just stay calm and learn something , since we now ca n't really do much . " While the Taiwanese electorate is able to directly elect their president and other leaders this weekend , China 's political elite is still struggling behind closed doors to reach a consensus on who among them will take top positions ahead of the major political transition later this year . In the autumn , Vice President Xi Jinping , 58 , is expected to replace 69-year-old Hu Jintao as party chief when the Communist Party holds its national congress -- an event that takes place every five years . Xi is expected to formally ascend as state president when China 's legislature convenes in the spring of 2013 .	Incumbent president Ma Ying Jeou of the ruling Kuomintang Party seeking another four-year term Tsai Ing-wen , leader of the Democratic Progressive Party  DPP  , would be the first female president China keeps hundreds of missiles aimed at Taiwan , an ominous threat to the island to stay in the fold Beijing wary of Tsai Ing-wen , suspecting her of pushing a pro-independence agenda
CNN  -- Kyrgyzstan 's president signed a bill Friday to close an air base that the U.S. military uses as a route for troops and supplies heading into Afghanistan , the president announced on his Web site . Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan serves as a U.S. supply route for troops and supplies into Afghanistan . The news came as two other central Asian nations -- Tajikistan and Uzbekistan -- reportedly agreed to let U.S. cargo pass through their countries on the way to Afghanistan . Such deals , if confirmed , could help fill the void left by the closing of the Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan . The Kyrgyz order became effective on Friday when President Kurmanbek Bakiyev reportedly signed legislation that the parliament in Bishkek backed on Thursday , the Pentagon said . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry on Friday officially notified the U.S. Embassy in Bishkek that a 180-day withdrawal process is under way . Embassy spokeswoman Michelle Yerkin told CNN the United States hopes to retain the base . Officials in Washington and Bishkek signed a deal three years ago allowing the United States to renew the arrangement annually through July 2011 . "  We do remain in contact with the government of Kyrgyzstan , " Yerkin said . "  The Manas Air Base continues to operate under existing agreements , as per the coalition 's efforts in Afghanistan . " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Friday the United States will continue to work with Kyrgyzstan on keeping the base open . Watch why Kyrgyzstan wants to close the base " "  I continue to believe that this is not a closed issue and that there remains the potential at least to reopen this issue with the Kyrgyz and perhaps reach a new agreement , " Gates said at a NATO meeting in Krakow , Poland . "  If we are unable to do that on reasonable terms then , as I have suggested , we are developing alternative methods to get resupply and people into Afghanistan . " The Manas Air Base outside Bishkek is the only U.S. base in Central Asia and is a major resupply hub for the war in Afghanistan . Its closing could deal a significant blow to the U.S. military effort there , especially following President Barack Obama 's announcement of additional troops to halt a resurgence of the country 's former Taliban rulers . The United States pays $ 17.4 million a year to use Manas , a major logistical and refueling center that supports troops in Afghanistan , the Pentagon said . About 15,000 troops and 500 tons of cargo reportedly move through Manas monthly , it said . The air base currently employs more than 1,000 servicemen , 95 percent of whom are Americans , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . "  This is an important facility , it has been an important facility , but it 's not irreplaceable and , if necessary , we will find other options , " Whitman said . How far is Manas from Afghanistan ? View our map " Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , two other Central Asian nations that border Afghanistan , have agreed to allow U.S. cargo to be transported to Afghanistan through their countries , the Russian news agency Interfax reported Friday . The agency said Rear Adm. Mark Harnitchek , U.S. transportation command director for strategy , policy , programs and logistics , held a meeting with Tajik Foreign Minister Kharokhon Zarifi , after which he said he had also secured Uzbekistan 's consent . A Tajik government statement said only that the two sides discussed the issue , but a spokesman for the Tajik foreign ministry told CNN that "  practically all issues " to allow U.S. cargo transit through the country have been resolved . If confirmed , success would still depend on how much access the United States would have to those countries for flights and cargo , and even then , it may not totally replace the capacity lost in Kyrgyzstan . U.S. General David Petraeus , who oversees the war in Afghanistan , was in Uzbekistan this week for talks on Afghanistan and other regional issues . A Pentagon spokesman told CNN that his discussions included the regional supply network into Afghanistan . The U.S. military leased a base in Uzbekistan after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . But after Uzbek troops were accused of killing at least 150 people during a demonstration in 2005 , the autocratic government of President Islam Karimov came under criticism from Washington and severed most of its military ties with the United States .	Tajikistan , Uzbekistan may allow U.S. military supplies heading to Afhanistan Kyrgyzstan president completes next step towards closure of U.S. base The U.S. says it 's still working with the country to keep the operation open The Manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into Afghanistan
NEWPORT NEWS , Virginia  CNN  -- Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick will go to work for a construction company in Newport News , Virginia , after he leaves federal prison for bankrolling a dogfighting operation , his lawyer said Thursday . Football player Michael Vick listens as his lawyers make the case for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . The details emerged in a Chapter 11 confirmation hearing in Virginia Eastern Bankruptcy Court to determine how Vick , 28 , will work his way out of bankruptcy . Vick 's lawyer , Michael Blumenthal , told the court that the embattled footballer will take the stand first thing Friday and explain how he intends to turn over a new leaf after spending nearly two years in prison on a federal conspiracy charge . Vick 's 23-month sentence ends in July , but he is expected to be released from the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth , Kansas , in May and serve the remainder of his sentence in home confinement , most likely in Virginia . He is a native of Newport News . The sports agent who landed Vick 's landmark 10-year , $ 140 million contract with the Atlanta Falcons also testified that he expects Vick will be back in the game as soon as September -- if the NFL reinstates him . Vick is in great shape and could once again command millions of dollars if he returns to football , Joel Segal told the court . The decision to reinstate Vick rests with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , with whom Segal said he had consulted . Vick was suspended from the NFL after his conviction but remains under contract with the Falcons , Segal said , though he does not expect the Falcons to retain Vick 's rights if he is reinstated . Vick and many of his creditors are depending on a return to football as his main source of income . But Segal admitted that he has no way of knowing whether Vick will be reinstated , because the decision lies with Goodell . In the meantime , Vick is ready to "  get back in the community in a positive light " and demonstrate remorse for his actions , Segal said . He has agreed to participate in a documentary about him that will net him $ 600,000 , Segal said . He will also work 40 hours a week for W.M. Jordan , a construction company based in Newport News . The employment is not part of the official 61-page agreement tentatively worked out between 's Vick 's lawyers and numerous creditors . The parties involved in the hearing will continue to present evidence and testimony in an effort to convince the judge that Vick qualifies for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . Attorneys and representatives from the creditors , including Bank of America , the Atlanta Falcons and the City of Newport News , to name a few , packed the courtroom Thursday as the hearing got under way . Vick 's mother sat in the gallery with his fiance , who blew him a kiss during one break in the proceedings . Among the terms included in Vick 's plan of reorganization :  Vick will retain the first $ 750,000 of his income .  A percentage of his income above $ 750,000 will go to a trust fund . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	NEW : Agent Joe Segal expects Vick to return to football as soon as September NEW : Vick is ready to return to community in "  positive light , " show remorse Suspended player is seeking Chapter 11 confirmation from Virginia judge Vick will work 40 hours a week for Virginia-based W.M. Jordan , lawyer says
Presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin notes that one of the things that 's so special about the State of the Union address is the spectacle of the entire government -- the heads of all three branches -- gathering in one room at the same time . "  There is something about that ritual and the hunger we all have for that oneness that makes it really unique , " Goodwin tells CNN . "  And there is a sense in which the ceremony -- the excitement of seeing the Supreme Court justices , seeing the Congress , seeing the president -- reminds us of some of the pageantry that we all look for in our government . " Here are eight State of the Union address moments that Goodwin finds particularly memorable : 2010 : Obama and Alito clash over campaign finance When President Barack Obama criticized the Supreme Court decision in Citizens United , the camera showed Justice Samuel Alito shaking his head and suggesting what Obama was saying was not true . It became a big thing . Some people thought it was rude of the president to say that . Others wondered whether Alito 's reaction had to do with the fact that Obama had been a leader against his nomination . Before television , obviously you did n't have to worry if you looked bored or if you were shaking your head or whether you looked like you were disdainful . But now , especially after that moment , everybody realized , "  I 'd better watch my face , as well as what I 'm saying , because the camera is there and the audio is there . " By the numbers : State of the Union addresses 2002 : "  Axis of evil " In the aftermath of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush went before the Congress and defined the "  axis of evil , " meaning Iran , Iraq and North Korea . In a sense , "  axis " was such a loaded term , because the Axis powers of Italy , Germany and Japan aligned against the U.S. and its allies in World War II . So the idea that the world was now divided into "  axis " powers and "  allied " powers seemed to suggest a war coming on , which indeed was the truth . 1996 : Clinton declares an end to big government When Bill Clinton said the era of big government is over , he was referring to the Democrats ' big midterm congressional losses in 1994 , blamed in part on the failure of the big government health care bill that he sponsored . What he was signaling : "  I 'm moving to the center ,  and  the Democratic Party is moving to the center . " He then went on that year to pass welfare reform , a Republican-sponsored idea . That made some liberals mad but ensuring in some ways his re-election . To go or not to go : Supreme Court at the address 1986 : A delay caused by tragedy The 1986 State of the Union , delivered by Ronald Reagan , was the first one to be postponed as the Space Shuttle Challenger blew up shortly after lift-off on the day for which the speech was scheduled . Reagan had such a good sense of timing that he realized it was more important was to directly address the Challenger problem than to deliver the State of the Union . He gave a masterful , emotional and classy speech from the Oval Office that allowed him to become healer-in-chief , yet another role for the president of the United States . 1982 : Lenny Skutnik steals the show When Ronald Reagan turned to the House Gallery and recognized Lenny Skutnik as a hero for jumping into the waters of the Potomac River to help rescue the survivors of an airplane crash , it began a tradition that continues to this day . The first lady 's box is now regularly peopled by ordinary citizens who have done extraordinary things . Sometimes the presidents use it as a human touch on their policies or sometimes as an emotional moment that makes the House and the Senate come together . These people are generally not partisan and are somebody that people can look up to at the same time . CNN 's John King : Little will change in D.C. after speech 1974 : Defiant Nixon Here was Nixon 's approval rating at only 26 % , and the House was already considering impeaching him for Watergate , and his voice was trembling . At one point , he meant to say that "  we must replace the discredited welfare system , " but instead says that "  we must replace the discredited president . " Then he declares one year of Watergate is enough . Some people said at the time that what was so incredible about that State of the Union address was that it was less about the state of the union and more about the state of the president -- here he is facing down the people who are beginning to think about his impeachment , and he has to stand before them in that assembly . State of the Union firsts 1964 : LBJ declares war on poverty In Lyndon B. Johnson 's first State of the Union , only two months after the assassination of JFK , he called for an unconditional war on poverty , a whole set of interrelated programs involving health care , urban centers Appalachia and more . What he said at the time was that he wanted something to be his own program , something that had n't been started by any other president . Poverty was the thing that hit him emotionally , that he always wanted to do something about , so this became his signature program . It 's incredible that within such short time of JFK 's assassination , he came up with a vision or a whole series of legislative programs that would eventually become fact . Highlights from past addresses 1941 : FDR 's Four Freedoms One of the best remembered moments is the declaration of the "  Four Freedoms " in Franklin Roosevelt 's 1941 State of the Union -- the freedom from want , the freedom from fear , the freedom of speech and the freedom of worship . It became memorialized in Norman Rockwell 's famous paintings and offered a standard by which other countries would be judged . It still provides hope for those countries where those freedoms are not assured . Another important note from that State of the Union is that FDR called for the Lend-Lease act for Britain , which was then at war with Germany . At a time when our country was still isolationist , eventually Lend-Lease passed , proving that we had educated the country to the need to do something even before Pearl Harbor brought us into the war . Eleanor Roosevelt , in a very rare lapse of judgment , was upset that during the discussion of the Four Freedoms and Lend-Lease , the Republicans did not clap and sat on their hands . She said she felt that they were just little kids , saying , "  I do n't want to play in your yard . I do n't love you anymore . " She then got roundly criticized -- and rightly so -- by Republicans , who said , "  What does she think she is , the queen ? And he is the king ? And we are not allowed to criticize them ? " Photos : Past presidential guests at State of the Union	Justice Alito caused a stir when he shook his head at Obama line on campaign finance ruling George W. Bush 's term "  axis of evil " suggested to American people that was was coming Clinton almost reassured re-election when he signaled a shift to the center in 1996 address Nixon was defiant even as some in Congress were considering impeachment
CNN  -- The managing director of the Abu Dhabi Investment Fund is missing after his glider plane crashed into a lake in Morocco , the state news agency of the United Arab Emirates reported Friday . Authorities were searching for Sheikh Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , who is a brother of the ruler of Abu Dhabi and president of the UAE , Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Sheikh Ahmed is also chairman of the board of trustees of the Zayed Foundation for Charity and Humanitarian Works , said WAM , the news agency . The plane went down in the northwestern city of Skhirat , according to Morocco 's official news agency , MAP . Forbes ' 2009 rankings of "  The World 's Most Powerful People " rated the missing sheikh at No. 27 . The pilot was rescued in good condition , WAM said . A spokesman for the fund did not immediately return a call seeking comment . The sovereign-wealth fund , which was established in 1976 , is owned by the government of Abu Dhabi . In an interview in January with Germany 's business daily newspaper Handelsblatt , Sheikh Ahmed said he preferred not to use the sovereign-wealth fund label to describe the investment fund . "  We prefer to be seen simply as a globally diversified investment institution , with the difference being that our owner is the government of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , " he said . "  ADIA 's sole mission , which has not changed in over 30 years , is to secure and maintain the current and future welfare of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi . " Asked about news reports that ADIA 's global assets range between $ 300 billion and $ 800 billion , Sheikh Ahmed hewed to the secretive style that has marked the fund . "  As a matter of policy , ADIA does not disclose its assets under management , " he said . But he noted that his brother , the president , who is also ADIA 's chairman , "  has stated publicly that some of the highest estimates seen in the media have been exaggerated . "	Search under way for Abu Dhabi executive Sheikh Ahmed after Morocco plane crash Sheikh Ahmed is brother of ruler of Abu Dhabi , UAE president Sheikh Ahmed ranked No. 27 on Forbes ' "  Most Powerful People " list
CNN  -- Bayern Munich eliminated fellow European powerhouses Juventus from this season 's Champions League with a superb 4-1 win in Turin on Tuesday night . David Trezeguet put Juventus in front after just 19 minutes , but Bayern goalkeeper Hans Jorg Butt equalized with an impudent penalty just before halftime with Croatian Ivica Olic scoring the second on 51 minutes . Mario Gomez and substitute Anatoliy Tymoshchuk rounded off a brilliant display from Louis van Gaal 's men with two late clinching goals . The victory sees the German giants qualify in Group A behind Bordeaux , who beat Maccabi Haifa 1-0 in the night 's other match with Brazilian forward Jussie scoring the only goal of the game . Juventus went into the game at the Stade Communale with a point advantage over Bayern and looked set for the last 16 as French international Trezeguet ut them ahead with a volleyed goal . But Butt , who is proviing an expert from the spot , sent Gianluigi Buffon the wrong way after Martin Caceres fouled Olic . The second half saw Bayern continue to make the better chances and Olic gave them a deserved lead as Olic fired home from close range . The late goals were the icing on the cake and defeat piles the pressure on Juve coach Ciro Ferrara . In Group B , a makeshift Manchester United , who were playing with only one recognized defender , clinched top spot with a 3-1 win at VfL Wolsburg as Michael Owen grabbed an opportunist hat-trick . Owen put United ahead just before halftime with a glancing header from a Nani cross after a fine team move . Wolfsburg were more threatening after the break with the prolific Edin Dzeko equalizing with a fine strike to enhance his growing reputation ahead of the January transfer window . But Owen showed his predatory instincts with an 83rd minute second after a brilliant run and cross by substitute Gabriel Obertan . Wolfsburg defender Sascha Riether missed a cast-iron chance to equalize and put his side into the knockout stage , but United broke away and Owen completed his hat-trick . "  My scoring a hat-trick will probably make the headllines , but it was a great team display , " Owen told Sky Sports after enhancing his claims for an England recall with clinical finishing . CSKA Moscow took second in the group behind United with a 2-1 win against Besiktas in Istanbul as Yevgeny Aldonin scored the winning goal in the fifth minute of injury time . But the Russians are facing a UEFA disciplinary investigation after two of their players , defenders Aleksei Berezutski and Sergei Ignashevich , failed a doping test for a banned stimulant after the 3-3 draw with Manchester United in an earlier group game . UEFA said on its official Web site that it would rule on the situation on December 17 , but could take action against CSKA because more than one player was involved , giving Wolfsburg hope they could yet go through .	Bayern Munich beat Juventus 4-1 in Turin to qualify in second from Group A behind Bordeaux Juventus went into Tuesday 's game in second place in the group but are eliminated Manchester United top Group B as Michael Owen scores hat-trick in 3-1 win at Wolfsburg CSKA second in the group but facing UEFA ban after positive dope test on two players
CNN  -- Barack Obama ran for president in 2008 on the "  audacity of hope , " but "  audacious " is hardly the first word that comes to mind in describing American politics these days . Paralysis ? Check . Polarization ? Check . Small ball ? Check . In a column after a trip to Singapore in November , Thomas Friedman wrote : "  T  he country that showed the world how to pull together to put a man on the moon and defeat Nazism and Communism , today broadcasts a politics dominated by three phrases : ` You ca n't do that , ' ` It 's off the table ' and ` The president did n't know . ' " In my view , at least , the further we fall the higher the potential for rising again . We can not continue to muddle through , because muddling through now means falling further and further behind . Our greatest strength as a nation has been our capacity for perpetual renewal . As Doris Kearns Goodwin shows in her splendid book "  The Bully Pulpit , " we faced similar challenges of corrupt government , excessive concentration of power and a denial of equal opportunity to the majority of our citizens at the end of the 19th century . The progressive movement , born initially out of the Republican Party but ultimately drawing supporters from both parties , rose to the occasion . That change was fueled by a vibrant press and an entire set of new ideas that accompanied new technologies . Big ideas about how to organize our government and ourselves , how to structure our economy , how to reform our educational system and our working conditions . We need a similar set of ideas today . That 's why the think tank and civic enterprise I lead , New America , is trying to shift the national conversation toward a set of big ideas as blueprints for change . Two big ideas strike at the heart of who we are as a nation and what we offer our citizens . Rachel Black , Reid Cramer and Aleta Sprague call on America to "  restore the second-chance economy . " The American dream has always been one not only of upward mobility , but of the ability to fall and rise again . Millions of Americans came to this country to reinvent themselves ; in the 19th and early 20th centuries , they could escape the stigma of bankruptcy or even a criminal conviction by heading out to the frontier . Yet while "  fail early and often " is a recipe for success in Silicon Valley , it is a death sentence , sometimes literally , for the majority of Americans . Credit histories and criminal records now follow citizens everywhere and forever , always accessible online . We need to end institutional practices that currently double down on disadvantage , while at the same time helping our citizens build assets and provide social insurance that will cushion them through the inevitable ups and downs of life . The idea of a second-chance economy should be built into the social contract between Americans and their government . In return for paying taxes , participating in elections and obeying the law , citizens should expect the government to invest in an infrastructure of both competition and care that enables them to reach their full potential as workers and human beings . In the 21st century , that should start with providing every citizen with universal high-speed Internet -- as Alan Davidson and Danielle Kehl put it -- "  for everyone . Everywhere . Really . " Big ideas for a new America expand well beyond government policy , however . Consider the future of American manufacturing , which Michael Lind and Joshua Freedman argue lies in "  servitization , " the transformation of goods into packages of physical products attached to a stream of services . A John Deere tractor , for instance , comes with an onboard computer that can steer itself , adjust levels of fertilizer , seed and water , and , most importantly , send a continual flow of data back to a 24-hour service line that will in turn tell farmers how to increase productivity and when they need preventive maintenance . That service line , in turn , is staffed by information and analysis service providers , a huge and expanding category of jobs that will process data coming from virtually every "  product " we use in our lives and work , all now connected to each other in the Internet of things . At the same time , technology should n't become an impediment to the American birthright of the pursuit of happiness . We can increase productivity and at the same time , increase leisure . Other big ideas worth considering include a smart plan to fix our political system : The answer for elections dominated by big donors is to make everyone a political donor . Mark Schmitt and Zephyr Teachout outline the basic logic of this approach : "  If politicians have a broad base of support , they will be far less dependent on the 0.01 percent , even if the big spenders still exist . " If the remedy for bad speech is more speech , our classic defense of the First Amendment , then the remedy for distorted democracy is more democracy . Finally , consider the state of American education . Amid all the justified hand-wringing over our schools , a revolution is about to take place in higher education . Physical campuses will transform or combine with virtual platforms that provide lifelong learning from multiple sources with measurable outcomes . The key to this transformation , as New America 's Amy Laitinen points out , is to start measuring education in terms of learning rather than time . The idea involves the redefinition or even abolition of "  the credit hour . " We currently award degrees based on how many "  credits " a student receives for a course , which in turn measures how much time he or she has sat in a classroom every week , whether that time was spent listening to the professor or surfing the Web . But students today , many of whom can expect to live to 100 or more , will learn what they need and want to know over a lifetime , in physical school , their workplaces , online and in the school of life . They will be able to prove that they have in fact gained the knowledge they need through a variety of certification measures , all of which will replace "  credits " as we know them . It is so easy to be cynical , to think that talk is cheap and ideas are easy to promote but impossible to implement . I have a different view . Inspiration can not take flight without ideas to power it . With inspiration , by contrast , comes a vision of genuine change and the energy , faith , commitment , determination and persistence to make it happen . If our politics are small , it is because our imagination is impoverished , strangled by the belief that nothing big can happen . If we start with ideas -- not just speeches , but real ideas -- the politics will follow .	Anne-Marie Slaughter : U.S. politics paralyzed , polarized and in "  small-ball " mode She says that should n't prevent us from pushing ahead with big new ideas Economy needs to give Americans a "  second chance " to thrive , she says Slaughter : Education , manufacturing , campaign finance all need rethinking
CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has made his proverbial bed . And , oh , is he lying in it now . The ugly comments about blacks and Latinos attributed to him have hit struck another nerve -- this time with players , fans and most decent-thinking Americans . NBA players protest racist talk attributed to L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling The tape released a few days ago reportedly shows that the person identified as Sterling can profess his own kind of love for a woman who 's black and Latina but refuses to "  allow " her to befriend her own kind : blacks and Latinos . Sterling allegedly says his girlfriend  whom he at one point on the tape calls "  stupid "  can meet with blacks and sleep with blacks but not take pictures with them  in this case former Lakers star turned entrepreneur Earvin "  Magic " Johnson  or bring them to Clippers games . Like some slave owners who kept their mixed-race female slaves in better living conditions and bestowed privileges upon them , Sterling can allegedly be heard telling a woman identified as V. Stiviano that he does n't have a problem with her or her race but that she should n't fraternize with blacks and Latinos because it disturbs him . He selected her . So that makes her "  special . " She 's not really black . It sounds like Sterling , who has been married for nearly 50 years , shared a rarely heard perspective that his lover/girlfriend/mistress can mitigate the "  inferiority "  my term  of her racial mixture by spending more time with him . Oh , yeah , Sterling is white . The man on the recording appears to admonish and belittle her for posting photos on Instagram and calling attention to her willingness to interact with blacks -- and he holds particular distaste for Johnson , a man who is seen as a true "  good guy " by many Angelenos . Sterling and his reported racist thoughts are not unique . What is unusual is that the sentiments were made public . Sterling is the lead news story now , just days after another big news story focused on conservative hero rancher Cliven Bundy , who pondered whether blacks should have remained slaves . "  And I 've often wondered , " Bundy said , "  are they better off as slaves , picking cotton and having a family life and doing things , or are they better off under government subsidy ? " How many times and in how many ways do we see the impact of this kind of racist thinking by people holding powerful positions in our country 's institutions and businesses ? How many times do we have to hear proclaim "  I 'm not a racist " and think they can get away with it ? I 'd love to hear their reaction to the Clippers ' decision to wear their warmup shirts inside-out and toss their warmups in a pile at center court just before Sunday 's Game 4 . Would they ask , "  how dare they ? " Reaction : ` Disturbing and offensive ' So thank goodness for the tape . California is a two-party consent recording state , meaning you can not record a person 's comments -- on the phone or in person -- without his/her permission . However , Sterling seems to have consented to being recorded . A TMZ report alleges that his girlfriend routinely recorded their calls at his request because he sometimes forgot what he 'd said to her , and she even played this recording back to him after he denied to her he made the racist statements . Now , I do n't understand what that 's about , but I pray for a public outcry should Stiviano face any charges for recording Sterling 's racist remarks . As for what punishment Sterling might face , if the authentication process identifies the speaker as Sterling , there can be only one outcome : loss of his team ownership . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is a decent man . I know him from my days as majority owner of the WNBA L.A. Sparks . Silver is measured and thorough , and I , like most of the basketball world , eagerly await his decision on Sterling 's discipline . As a matter of course , a person , even a person with immense wealth , ca n't decide to own a team and then just buy one . NBA lawyers and financial folks pore through your background , including the source of your funds , your tax status , your character and community standing , etc. . Then the Board of Governors has to vote you in as a member/owner . And if , in the league 's estimation , your status becomes a negative , the same Board of Governors can vote you out as a member/owner . It will be Silver 's decision to take it to the board , but any board member can initiate a motion to terminate an owner 's right to own the franchise . So I await two things : verification that Donald Sterling is the person on the tape and the NBA 's termination of his ownership of the L.A. Clippers . Let 's not let history repeat itself , again . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Paula Madison , former WNBA owner , outraged by comments linked to Donald Sterling NBA owner allegedly told girlfriend he does n't want her associating with blacks at games Sterling 's remarks could lead to severe punishment or even removal , says Madison
CNN  Walking through the 400-acre Moerenuma Park on the outskirts of Sapporo can be a curious experience . Two perfectly geometric hills rise from the pancake-flat landscape , trees planted in rows form a circular copse , while a glass and steel pyramid looms nearby and three huge stainless steel columns point out of the ground like the antenna of a giant subterranean satellite dish . Seen from above the layout is less recognizable as a park and more akin to the ancient line drawings in the Peruvian Nazca desert . And all this built on top of a former sewage works . As far as municipal parks go , it might be one of the world 's most understated yet intriguing -- a fusion of classic Japanese principles of quiet , natural beauty with 20th-century modernist art . It was the final act of Japanese-American sculptor Isuma Noguchi whose career spanned seven decades -- much of it spent fusing art , architecture and public spaces . But Noguchi did not live to see the park built . More than sculpture Noguchi drew up plans for the park in November 1988 , but died , aged 84 , just one month later . It then took 17 years to complete his final project . "  It was thrilling to finally see all the ideas that had n't been realized during his life , " says Jenny Dixon , curator of the Isamu Noguchi Museum in New York , who was at the park 's opening ceremony in 2005 . Some of the concepts used in the park go back to some of Noguchi 's ideas from the 1930s . Noguchi 's training with celebrated Romanian sculptor Constantin Brancusi in the 1920s helped fix his desire to be a sculptor , but it was n't until the 1940s that he found critical acclaim and larger commissions . Far from being solely an abstract sculptor , Noguchi designed playgrounds and gardens , turned his hand to industrial design  creating what 's now regarded as a classic table top and lamp  and even designed sets and costumes for celebrated 20th-century dancer and choreographer Martha Graham . "  This was very much at a time when the canon was either you 're a painter or you 're a sculptor and only that . He very much wanted to prove that wrong , " says Dixon . As well as moving across media he straddled two cultures . With an Irish-American mother and Japanese father , he spent much of his life promoting artist exchange between the two countries , often at times when relations between them were tense or downright hostile . Wartime disruptions When Japanese-Americans were sent to internment camps in the United States during the Second World War , he volunteered to live in one in Arizona . Showing solidarity with those forcibly moved there , he tried to design camp equipment to make them better places to live . However it proved easier getting in than out , and after seven months he moved back to New York . After the war he was one of the first American artists to visit and engage with Japanese architects and artists , which led to an invitation to design the railings for the Peace Bridges in Hiroshima in 1951 . Later he went on to collaborate with Kenzo Tange , the architect who left a huge impression on the skylines of Japanese cities in the 1960s and 70s . ' I do not hide ' Like other planned Japanese gardens , Moerenuma Park changes with the seasons . In winter it 's buried under deep Hokkaido snow , where skiers hurtle down 62-meter-tall Mount Moere or ski cross-country throughout the grounds . Cherry trees blossom in spring and in summer the whitewashed concrete "  music shell " provide a stage for concerts and organized events . Another example of Noguchi 's emphasis on fusing the natural world with the manufactured lies inside the pyramid with a summertime cooling system that uses snow stored underground during the winter months . On his respect for nature and his own modern ethos Noguchi said : "  The art of stone in a Japanese garden is that of placement . Its ideal does not deviate from that of nature ... But I am also a sculptor of the West . I place my mark and do not hide . " Despite his work appearing in 17 cities across the United States and around the world , Dixon believes Noguchi is appreciated more in Japan than in the United States , citing hundreds of thousands of visitors to an exhibition of his work just 10 years ago in Yokohama . "  I think in Japan he 's seen much more as a hero , " she says . Moerenuma Park , Moerenuma-koen 1-1 , Higashi-ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan ; daily 7 a.m.-10 p.m.  entrance closed at 9 p.m.	Moerenuma Park on the outskirts of Sapporo was the final act of Japanese-American sculptor Isuma Noguchi Fusing art , nature and industrial design , Noguchi 's park took 17 years to complete He volunteered to live in an internment camp during WWII to design better equipment for the people in the camp
CNN  -- Standing 6 feet 3 inches  1.9 meters  tall and with a shaved head , fashion designer Ozwald Boateng often cuts a dash as much as his tailored suits . Boateng 's eponymous fashion lable has been worn by Hollywood 's A-list celebrities . He 's married to a former model and his suits have been worn by Hollywood A-listers on Oscars night . Yet he remains in touch with his North London roots where he grew up , and to Ghana , his parents ' homeland . "  They taught me the value systems , " Boateng told CNN . "  We have a very strong culture , people tend to like to intellectualize about everything , so we have a lot of red tape , we talk a lot but not a lot gets done . I 'd like to see a lot more get done , but most importantly the people are good people . " In 1997 Boateng became the youngest tailor and the first black designer to have a shop on London 's exclusive men 's tailoring street , Savile Row . In 2003 he was made creative director of men 's wear for Givenchy . While he deals in a world with high-end clients and celebrities , he is committed to setting a good example to young people on how to be a successful business person and to improving the lives of people in Africa . Using his business acumen and passion for Africa , he set up the Made in Africa Trust in 2006 to help promote self-sufficiency and new businesses in countries across the continent . "  It 's not easy because you 're still dealing with infrastructure and sometimes governments are not that ready for new ways of thinking . But the thing is , it is changing and what you have to bear in mind is there are 53 countries in Africa so you know , we 're not saying you 've got all 53 right  on the  first hit , but I think you could probably get 20 right , " he said . His love of designing will always remain , he says , as will helping people across Africa to tailor their own lives for the better . "  This is what I love , designing clothes and creating , that is just me . The whole mission for Africa is out of frustration and need . It is just not moving enough . I 'm frustrated getting off a plane . I do n't want to see open drains , I do n't want to see a road that takes 10 years to build , I want to be able to go there and open one of my stores . " Watch Ozwald Boateng on CNN International on Saturday , August 22 , 12.30 , 21.30 GMT and Sunday , August 23 , 18.00 GMT .	British designer was youngest to have shop on London 's exclusive Savile Row Ghanaian parents instilled appreciation of African culture Set up Made in Africa Trust to encourage wealth creation across Africa
CNN  -- Toyota must start again , "  from the bottom up , " new president Akio Toyoda said Thursday . New Toyota boss Akio Toyoda says he will cut his salary by 30 percent . Speaking at a news conference in Tokyo , the grandson of Toyota Motors ' founder said the company will focus on tailoring its product lines to customer demand in each region . Toward that end , Toyoda named an executive vice president to head each region . The company was not wrong to expand its business earlier this decade , Toyoda said , but he acknowledged that it might have overextended . Moving forward , the company 's focus will be on products , rather than profits , he said . Taking responsibility for the company 's $ 4.4 billion net loss in the most recent fiscal year , Toyoda said he would cut his salary by 30 percent . There are no current plans to close factories , a company executive said . Analysts say Toyoda must drastically cut costs , but he offered no hints as to how or even whether that would be done at his first news conference as president . The company board formally approved Toyoda , 53 , for the job on Tuesday . He has been with Toyota for 24 years . His grandfather slightly altered the family name when christening the company "  Toyota , " which has eight brush strokes in Japanese -- a fortuitous number .	Akio Toyoda is the grandson of company founder Kiichiro Toyoda Toyoda has been with the firm 24 years , says will cut his salary by 30 percent . Analysts say Toyoda must drastically cut costs -- he offers no hints as to how
CNN  -- Facebook may be more populous , but Google + is better-liked . That 's the message from a new set of data released Tuesday by the American Customer Satisfaction Index . Google + , the 1-year-old social network that pundits declared dead last year , ties Wikipedia at the top of the list of social media sites , with a score of 78 out of 100 . Facebook is the least-liked social network on the list , with a score of 61 on the group 's ranking of e-businesses . That 's down nearly 8 % from Facebook 's previous ranking , indicating a drop in popularity of the social network that is by far the world 's most populous , with more than 900 million active users . By contrast , Google + has about 150 million monthly active users . "  If Facebook does n't feel the pressure to improve customer satisfaction now , that may soon change , " ForeSee 's CEO , Larry Freed , said in a news release . ForeSee is an analytics firm that partnered with ACSI to create the report . This was the first year Google + was included in the ranking , which is based on interviews with consumers . ACSI , which releases monthly reports in a variety of business categories , says it interviews 70,000 people a year . With a rating of 63 , LinkedIn , another popular network , barely scored higher than Facebook in terms of customer satisfaction in Tuesday 's report . YouTube , which is owned by Google , received a 73 ; Pinterest a 73 ; and Twitter a 64 .  MySpace , in case you 're wondering , is n't part of the list anymore  . Some people who use Google + were n't surprised by the ranking . "  Makes sense , " one user wrote in response to a CNN question about the news . "  I 'm sure a lot of people use Facebook because they genuinely love it , but a huge number are also using it because they feel forced to -- because everyone else they know is using it , or they think they need to have a business presence there . So there are many people using Facebook on a regular basis who do n't actually like it and have plenty to complain about . Whereas the majority of people using Google + regularly only bother to do so because they really prefer it over other sites like Facebook . " ACSI says Google + is strong in areas where Facebook is weak . "  According to the report , Google + 's strong showing is a result of an absence of traditional advertising and what is seen as a superior mobile product , " the group says in its news release . "  Google + 's strengths may be Facebook 's weaknesses , as users complain about ads and privacy concerns . However , the most frequent complaints about Facebook are changes to its user interface , most recently the introduction of the Timeline feature . " The index was founded at the University of Michigan and gets support from ForeSee for its e-commerce and e-business rankings . Are you surprised to see Google + ranked above Facebook ? Let us know what you think in the comments section .	New survey ranks Google + as the most-liked social network Google + scored 78 of 100 , while Facebook scored 61 The data come from the American Customer Satisfaction Index
Taksim Square is Istanbul 's equivalent to Cairo 's Tahrir Square or London 's Trafalgar Square and it is now the epicenter of demonstrations triggered by construction plans for a shopping center in one of the city 's few remaining green spaces . What was initially a small sit-in has morphed into a major series of protests due to -- in the words of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- "  excessive force " by the police . LATEST : Thousands of protesters tear-gassed in Ankara These protests reflect , in part , the deep ideological polarization between secular , liberal-minded Turks , and the more religious Turks , representing a quarter and two-thirds of the population respectively based on the 2011 general election results . Many secular Turks complainthat the Islamist-rooted government is intolerant of criticism and the diversity of lifestyles . So far , Erdogan 's robust and muscular stance vis--vis the demonstrators has reinforced those perceptions . A typical example cited by detractors is the government 's recent enactment of tight restrictions on the sale and promotion of alcohol even though the Turkish government 's Household Budget Surveys estimates that only 6 percent of Turkish households are alcohol drinkers . Less than 1.5 percent of car accidents in 2012 were alcohol-related according to Turkish economist Emre Deliveli . Despite economic boom , Erdogan targeted by protests At the same time , critics are unhappy at the rapid pace of urbanization in Turkey 's metropolitan cities . Erdogan is planning to build a third airport , a third Bosphorus bridge and a canal linking the Black Sea with the Sea of Marmara , which are likely to destroy millions of trees and a delicate ecosystem in northern Istanbul . A staggering $ 4.7 billion was spent on ambitious construction projects last year in Istanbul alone . Given the litany of grievances and the confrontational nature of Turkish politics , the raging protests come as no surprise . They coincide with a rapidly slowing economy that is likely to witness moderate growth rates at best for the foreseeable future without increased structural reforms . Unfortunately , the Turkish government is not expected to undertake major reform initiatives anytime soon , especially since the campaigning for the local and presidential elections in 2014 and the parliamentary elections in 2015 are already underway . Despite the rising emotions sweeping Turkey , this is not equivalent to the "  Arab Spring " that led to the toppling of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Unlike Egypt and other Arab countries , Turkey is a functioning , albeit incomplete , democracy and has been since 1950 . Erdogan received a resounding mandate of almost half the vote in the last general elections in 2011 . He still remains the most popular politician in Turkey , while the opposition is widely seen by many Turks as weak and ineffective . Undoubtedly , the global media coverage of the riots and the disproportionate security response has dented the international image of Erdogan and the governing Justice and Development Party as a progressive force in Turkey 's political scene . Nevertheless , the ultimate determinant of Erdogan 's staying power will be the state of the Turkish economy rather than anti-government demonstrations . What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ?	Nationwide anti-government protests are largest in Turkey in decade Police crackdown on peaceful protests against plans to demolish park sparked riots Protests spread from Istanbul to 67 of 81 of Turkey 's provinces Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls crackdown ` excessive ' but says he 's not a dictator
CNN  -- I am , by no means , a regular patron of strip clubs . But because my show , "  This is Life , " explores different American subcultures without expressing opinion or judgment , I found myself in quite a few of them this year for the upcoming episode "  Road Strip , " a window into the world of traveling strippers . Stripping is hardly a new profession , but the Internet has allowed women who work in it to more easily access large groups of men congregating for leisure or for business : sporting events like the Super Bowl or Final Four championships , even political events like the Republican National Convention . But because of the nature of what they do -- taking their clothes off for money -- strippers have been and will likely continue to be some of the most stigmatized members of society . I have n't really known too many strippers throughout my lifetime , but I 've admittedly fallen into the trap of not feeling particularly respectful of women who use their bodies to earn a living . Perhaps it 's because of my perennial disdain for the objectification of women . But what happens when women themselves decide on their own to capitalize on their assets ? During the course of shooting this episode , I met many different kinds of women , but one thing was present in all of them : ambition . For some of the women , stripping allows them to make more money than other day jobs . Some dancers use the job to put themselves through school , like Antonia Crane , who earned her master 's degree in literature and creative writing . Others take advantage of the flexible schedule , like mothers who want to spend more time with their children . I do n't know any other job that allows for this kind of flexibility in schedule . If I want to spend more time with my child , I ca n't just choose when I work . Many dancers can . They dance when they need money , but no one determines their hours but themselves . At many clubs , they are independent contractors who pay a percentage to the clubs for allowing them to dance there , but the rest of what they make goes into their pockets . That 's not to say it 's an easy life . The money can be highly unpredictable . A couple of dancers told me that there have been many nights when they 've returned home with less money than they left with , because guys just were n't feeling very generous . Trying to remain upbeat and engaged is essential , even if you 're not having a great day . A good stripper is skilled in many art forms that go far beyond taking her clothes off . In many cases , she is a therapist or even a shoulder to cry on . Strip clubs have reputations for being havens for drugs and sex trafficking for a reason -- pimps have been known to force women to work as strippers . But the clubs I visited do not condone drug use or prostitution . The former manager of Thee DollHouse in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , told me that if he as much as suspects that a girl is being run by a pimp , he 'll throw them both out . So how did I feel in strip clubs ? Frankly , I was utterly mesmerized . There is an art to seduction , and even if you 've been married for decades or you 're a devoted churchgoer , every one of us harbors the desire to be able to seduce or excite -- even our long-term partner . The way these women 's bodies move , the manner in which they play with their patrons : They are veritable masters of seduction , which is something that seems to have unquestionable value . So , why should n't these women capitalize on it ? A couple of nights , I went back to my hotel room to see if I could mimic some of the things I 'd seen in the clubs . I have a long way to go . But it was fun . It felt -- sexy . In all relationships , we long to be able to maintain our partner 's attraction . Let 's be honest , it takes work , especially if the relationship has spanned years and multiple children . A club owner told me that often , men spend time in his establishments and report going home to much friskier interactions with their wives . Whether that is true or not , I know I was struck by how much sexier I felt . I wonder what would happen if we checked our opinions at the door ? If we 're lucky enough , we might run across someone like Antonia Crane and be able to discuss and debate whether Shakespeare 's "  Dark Lady " was , in fact , a woman of ill repute -- and be thoroughly excited and entertained while at it . Perhaps we could learn something . I know I did .	Lisa Ling goes inside the lives of four traveling strippers She admits she had reservations about "  women who use their bodies to earn a living " Filming the "  Road Strip " episode of her CNN show changed her viewpoint Watch "  This is Life with Lisa Ling : Road Strip " Sunday , November 2 , at 10 p.m.
CNN  -- An explosion at a restaurant in downtown Djibouti killed three people and injured several more , according to a Ministry of Health official and a doctor at a local hospital . The two sources , who do not want to be named , confirmed three people died and an unknown number of others were wounded . The sources do not believe it was a suicide bombing . The Ministry of Health official confirmed that the restaurant where the attack occurred is La Chaumiere , a popular restaurant among Westerners who visit the small Horn of Africa nation . Both sources confirmed that foreigners were among the dead , but they would not give specifics on nationalities . The U.S. Embassy is Djibouti issued an alert to Americans following the attack at the busy restaurant . The alert advises citizens to "  exercise heightened security measures . " It also recommends Americans to "  limit movements , avoid areas frequented by Westerners , implement additional personal security measures , and review personal crisis response plans . " CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report	Sources do not believe it was a suicide bombing A Ministry of Health official confirms foreigners are among the dead The U.S. Embassy in Djibouti issues a security alert
CNN  -- German football is riding the crest of a triumphant wave with two Bundesliga teams in the Champions League final and the national side one of the favorites for the 2014 World Cup . In contrast , no clubs from the English Premier League -- the world 's richest -- made it past the last 16 knockout stage and the English national side continues to under perform at the highest level . Owen Hargreaves , who played in both the Bundesliga and the English Premier League as well as starring for England at the 2006 World Cup , believes that the English game urgently needs to start investing in young talent , or risk falling even further behind . "  Young players need to play , end of , " he told CNN . "  There is a real lack of opportunities for young talent in the Premier League and it needs to be addressed . " Born in Canada , but with a Welsh mother and English father , Hargreaves nurtured his talents in the German system with the Bayern youth set-up . He went on to win four Bundesliga titles with the Bavarian giants as well as the Champions League in the 2000-2001 season . But Hargreaves admits that during that time German football , particularly at national level , was itself suffering from a lack of youngsters to replace aging stars . And he pays credit to the German national football association and Bundesliga clubs in coming up with a plan to address that problem . "  They put an emphasis on pushing young players through , " added Hargreaves . "  You can see the result , the Bundesliga improved , the national team improved and it 's a lesson for the English Premier League . " The Bayern Munich squad which so comprehensively demolished Barcelona 7-0 on aggregate in the Champions League is packed full of their youth academy protegees . Thomas Mueller , who headed the final goal of the tie , exciting 20-year-old David Alaba , rampaging full-back Philipp Lahm , midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger and Toni Kroos , all came through that route . Defender Holger Badstuber , injured earlier this year , is also a first-team regular who started his career in the academy . Borussia Dortmund , who stand between Bayern and a fifth Champions League crown , have also invested heavily in young players under the inspirational leadership of coach Juergen Klopp . "  He 's done an incredible job , " said Hargreaves . The two jewels in their crown are acknowledged to be midfielder Mario Goetze -- who will move to Bayern at the end of the season -- and forward Marco Reus , both products of their academy set-up and tipped for stardom at international level . Defender Mats Hummels ironically learned his trade with Bayern before switching to Dortmund to get regular first-team action . They have all played a prominent role in thrilling successive victories over Spanish clubs Malaga and then Real Madrid in the semifinal to reach the Wembley showpiece on May 25 . Hargreaves is full of admiration for the ethos of style of play of the two German finalists . "  They combine Germany efficiency now with flair , " he said . "  They are mirror images of each other and both thoroughly deserve to reach the final . " Hargreaves moved to Manchester United and was an integral part of the 2007-08 side which won the Premier League title and Champions League , but injuries blighted his career after that double triumph and he was forced to retire at the end of last season aged 32 . During his spell in the English Premier League , which ended at big money Manchester City , he saw at first hand the trend towards clubs using ever more foreign imports to supplement their ranks . He acknowledges that with the big money on offer , the stakes are high . "  Maybe clubs are frightened to give home grown talent a chance , " he said . England manager Roy Hodgson has also seen the danger signs as his side make hard work of qualifying for next year 's World Cup in Brazil . "  Quite a few of the games I go to do not have any English players , " he was quoted as telling the Daily Telegraph . "  So , one has to be very careful these days when talking about the Premier League and talking about the Englishness of it , because more than two thirds of the players in the league are not English . "  We have one of the lowest number of home-grown players to choose from in all the leagues , which , if you are national team manager , is not a great advantage , to be frank . " In the Bundesliga , the figures for German talent getting a regular game are the polar opposite to the English Premier League , with participation at well over 60 % and it 's the same percentage in Spain , the reigning World Cup and European champions . Barcelona 's famed La Masia academy nurtured the genius of Argentina 's Lionel Messi and midfield maestros Xavi and Andres Iniesta , who have been the corner stone of Spain 's international success . On the evidence of the 7-0 semifinal mauling by a rampant Bayern , Barca may need to replenish their ranks with younger talent , with Thiago Alcantara and Cristian Tello pushing to graduate to regular first team play . In England , there are signs that the principles Hargreaves and so many others espouse may finally be incorporated into the national game . The Premier League has introduced rules that mean eight of the 25-man squads must be "  home grown " talent , limiting the number of foreign players over 21 to a maximum of 17 . The Premier League also has high hopes for its Elite Player Performance Plan , which is designed to increase the number of home grown players playing football at the highest level . While this does not mean the English youngsters will get a starting place , it does broaden opportunity and the English Football Association  FA  has also built a new National Center of Excellence in St George 's Park in the Midlands . For Hargreaves it can not come a moment too soon and his former Manchester United teammate Gary Neville , now an assistant coach to Hodgson , has also seen the danger signs . "  There 's a tipping point and I think we 've gone beyond it in England . We 're maybe 20 per cent off . We need to give more chances to our own . We 're harming ourselves a little bit . " he was quoted recently . Prime target Ironically , the rising star of the Premier League is a Welshman , Gareth Bale , who won the young player and player of the year awards for his incredible performances this season for Tottenham Hotspur . Bale was developed by Southampton 's academy , which also produced Arsenal and England striker Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -- proof that young talent can thrive in Premier League if given a chance . Hodgson and Neville must be ruing the fact they can not pair former teammates Bale , Walcott and Oxlade-Chamberlain in the England line-up , while Tottenham will be anxious their star asset remains at White Hart Lane . After Barcelona and Real Madrid 's maulings at the hands of the all-conquering German sides they are rumored to be looking to supplement their own home grown Spanish stars with big money signings and Bale is reportedly a prime target . Bayern , with former Barca coach Pep Guardiola taking over from Jupp Heynckes next season , are also not adverse to using their financial muscle as well . Dortmund 's talisman Goetze is switching to the Allianz Arena next season -- making it even harder for sides from the EPL and other major European leagues to challenge a likely new era of German domination .	Owen Hargreaves says English football need to give young players opportunities Hargreaves highlights success of Bundesliga clubs and German national team Believes they can extend their domination in the near future Hargreaves played for Bayern Munich , Manchester United and England
West Virginia 's water crisis wo n't end any time soon , officials said Saturday . Testing must be completed to determine whether chemicals from a leak are still contaminating the water system in nine counties in the southwest section of the state , West Virginia American Water President Jeff McIntyre told reporters Saturday . That means the do-not-use order issued Thursday wo n't be lifted for days , he said . Some 300,000 West Virginia residents , in the meantime , still wo n't be able to use tap water to wash hands , brush teeth or take showers . They 're being urged to watch for symptoms of exposure to the chemical , such as skin irritation , nausea , vomiting and wheezing . Homeland Security is trucking in 16 tractor-trailer loads of bottled water to help . The water restrictions were imposed Thursday when it was discovered about 7,500 gallons of a chemical used to clean coal -- 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- had leaked out of a storage tank located a mile upriver from the water plant . The medical impact was hard to assess . "  We 've had a lot of worried-well calls , " said Dr. Rahul Gupta , of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department . He cited complaints of irritation of the skin , throat , chest and stomach that some residents have linked to possible exposure to the chemical . The unknowns make residents anxious . "  They do n't even know what the health risks are , " Stacy Kirk of Culloden told CNN affiliate WSAZ . "  We had bathed , cooked and everything right before the news came on yesterday . " "  I do n't know anything about the chemical to say too much good or bad about it , so we 're all up in the air , " said Arthur Taylor . "  We 're common folks -- we 're not chemists . " Anxiety about effects of chemical Water company spokeswoman Laura Jordan urged people to get medical attention "  if they are feeling something ... is n't right . " Many -- perhaps too many -- did just that . "  Our emergency rooms have been very busy with individuals unnecessarily concerned and presenting no symptoms , " said the Charleston Area Medical Center . Karen Bowling , secretary of the state 's Department of Health & Human Resources , said 73 people had reported to emergency departments , but that only two had been admitted to hospitals . "  That 's really a very small number of patients that have been impacted by this , " she said . Dr. Robert Maha , chief medical officer for MedExpress , a group of seven medical clinics in the area , said a large number of patients are seeking treatment for symptoms they worry are tied to the chemical exposure . He said the water crisis may contribute to the spread of flu , since people are having a difficult time finding clean water to wash their hands . "  That 's one of our biggest concerns for the community , " Maha said . Officials will know that the water is safe for more than firefighting and toilet flushing -- its only sanctioned uses now -- when tests find less than 1 ppm of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol in treated water , McIntyre said . Four laboratories have been set up to measure the levels in a uniform manner . "  The treatment plant must consistently produce samples at or below this level before the current do-not-use order is lifted , " McIntyre said . He said there was an inadequate number of sampling results to report current levels . Authorities planned to take 100 water samples on Saturday night and have them processed on Sunday , Maj. Gen. James Hoyer of the West Virginia National Guard said at a Saturday night press conference . Though the water woes since Thursday have led scores of businesses to close , Gupta said that some restaurants were reopening after devising alternative plans . The problem affected people of all ages . "  I 'm here to get some water for the baby because she has to make formula , " Deborah Williams , who was caring for a granddaughter in Culloden , told WSAZ . "  Right now , we 're in desperate need of washing baby bottles and filling them up . " 7,500 gallons leaked Mike Dorsey , chief of the Department of Environmental Protection 's homeland security and emergency response division , said officials estimate that 7,500 gallons -- the equivalent of about 10 hot tubs that can accommodate eight people each -- leaked through a one-inch hole in the tank 's stainless steel wall . "  It 's an old system , " he said about the physical plant , adding that the company had planned to upgrade it . Dorsey expressed confidence that the chemical , which smells of licorice , did not start leaking long before Thursday morning , when it was reported . "  We would have gotten odor complaints earlier than that if it had been going on longer , " he said . The chemical overflowed a containment area around the tank run by Freedom Industries , then migrated over land and through the soil into the river . The leak happened about a mile upriver from the West Virginia American Water Co. plant . After concluding late Thursday afternoon that the tap water was contaminated , a stop-use warning went out to customers in Boone , Cabell , Clay , Jackson , Kanawha , Lincoln , Logan , Putnam and Roane counties . Since then , the offending material has been hauled from the site , officials said . Some residents have directed their anger at the coal industry company from whose storage tank the chemical leaked . "  It 's caused us more problems than you could ever imagine , " said Danny Jones , the mayor of Charleston , the state 's capital and most populated city . "  It 's a prison from which we would like to be released . " Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper told CNN on Saturday that more than 100,000 customers were affected , bringing the number of people affected to about 300,000 . On Friday , residents were urged to donate items and drop them off at the state capitol complex . That happened , but hundreds of people showed up expecting to pick up water , reported WSAZ . Officials called in some National Guard trucks to bring water . "  It was scary because I went to brush my teeth this morning , and I went to turn the water on , and it was like , you ca n't turn your water on yet , " Evelyn Smith of Rand said . "  You have to change your mindset of how you do things right now . " An investigative team from the U.S. Chemical Safety Board on Saturday deployed to the scene of the spill . The CSB is an independent federal agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents . Freedom Industries President Gary Southern said two Freedom employees noticed material leaking from a storage tank into a dike around 10:30 a.m. Thursday . They contacted authorities and began the cleanup process -- including hauling away the chemical still in the tank and vacuuming up some from the nearby ground , he said . "  We have mitigated the risk , we believe , in terms of further material leaving this facility , " said the head of Freedom , which supplies products for the coal-mining industry . West Virginia American Water 's McIntyre had a different take , as evidenced by the company 's unprecedented stop-use warning : "  We do n't know that the water is not safe , but I ca n't say it is safe . "	Homeland Security delivering 16 tractor trailer trucks of bottled water to troubled counties State orders the company responsible for the leak to remove all chemicals from tanks The leak led authorities to urge people not to drink or bathe in tap water Charleston 's mayor calls the situation a "  prison , " says his patience is running thin
CNN  For the second year in a row Hollywood 's leading women let fly a clarion call , setting the industry to rights . Following Cate Blanchett 's remarks last year , in which the Best Actress winner excoriated the industry for its focus of male-centric filmmaking , Best Supporting Actress winner Patricia Arquette rounded on America 's attitude to gender inequality . Reading from a prepared speech Arquette dedicated her award to "  every woman who gave birth , to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation . We have fought for everybody else 's equal rights , it 's our time to have wage equality once and for all , and equal rights for women in the United States of America . " The actress ' comments received a rousing response ; three-time Oscar winner Meryl Streep burst into enthusiastic applause alongside Jennifer Lopez , whilst Arquette 's ` Boyhood ' co-star Ethan Hawke and director Richard Linklaker looked on with a mixture of pride and surprise . Social media immediately rallied behind Arquette 's call . Model Cara Delevingne took to Instagram while ` Girls ' creator Lena Dunham and documentary maker Michael Moore turned to Twitter . It was a night in which inequality was in tight focus . Host Neil Patrick Harris poked fun at the lack of diversity among the nominations , whilst rapper Common and R&B star John Legend brought tears to the eyes of audience members with their rendition of ` Selma 's civil rights inspired song ` Glory ' . But with much of the pre-ceremony disquiet focused on the lack of racial diversity , few expected women 's inequality would be brought to the fore . Wage inequality is still prevalent in America . Women earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn , the nation ranking 65th globally in a report last autumn by the World Economic Forum . Last year the top ten earning actors made a combined $ 419 million , whilst the top ten earning actresses only managed $ 226 million . Arquette 's comments come after reports repeatedly confirm that women in Hollywood are being underpaid and underrepresented compared to their male counterparts . A 2014 study from the Journal of Management Inquiry found Hollywood 's women commanded their highest wages at the average age of 34 , before rapidly declining . Meanwhile men peak at the considerably older age of 51 , remaining stable thereafter . It speaks to Hollywood 's obsession with women aging that much of the praise Arquette received for ` Boyhood ' revolved around her choice to age naturally on screen across the film 's long gestation period , from her peak of 33 through to 46 . At age 65 , Streep has rebuffed the terminal decline Hollywood imposes on many actresses ' careers , but the pedestal the industry places her upon testifies to how rare a case she is . A recent report from the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film has recorded a dearth of female-driven features , with actresses making up only 12 % of protagonists in 2014 's top-grossing films . This was despite such films earning a large share of total box office -- spearheaded by Jennifer Lawrence , ` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 ' was the top-grossing film in the U.S. last year with $ 334 million . But such leading parts are few and far between . In fact , data suggests the number of female starring roles is decreasing , falling 3 % since 2013 and down 4 % on 2002 . Author of the study , Dr Martha Lauzen , told Variety that "  there is a growing disconnect or gap between what we might perceive as being the current status of women in film and their actual status ... A few high-profile cases can skew our thinking . " Lead actresses are even missing out in films directed by women . Last year female protagonists starred in only 39 % of such films , whilst those directed by men registered at a meager 4 % . Among the 57 films nominated at this year 's Oscars , 15 had out-and-out female leads -- that being , a film told from the lead actress ' perspective . Representing 26 % of the total nominees , this percentage is far higher than Hollywood 's output last year . However , among those 15 films there were 11 foreign films , shorts , animations and documentaries , demonstrating how leading actresses are often left on the periphery when it comes to major Hollywood features . There were no female-driven stories among the eight films vying for Best Picture ; so too in both adapted and original screenplay categories . Speaking of the lack of female-driven films , Dr Lauzen pointed the finger of blame at those off-screen . "  We need to have greater diversity behind the scenes if this is going to change . " Read LZ Granderson on inequality at the Academy Awards Read more from CNN at the Academy Awards Read more from Leading Women	Arquette took to the stage and criticized the lack of gender equality in America Data shows women are both underrepresented and underpaid in Hollywood Women took only 12 % of leading roles in Hollywood last year Women also underrepresented in minor roles , with age demographics still skewed towards the young
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  A 17-year-old South Korean promised his mother that he would study hard for his exams in exchange for a trip to Turkey . That teenager , called "  Kim , " disappeared in a southern Turkish border city earlier this month , leading authorities to suspect that he may have slipped away to Syria to join ISIS . While police have not concluded that he joined the terror group , authorities found he had a keen interest in the Islamic militants . Using a Twitter profile picture of an ISIS flag , he frequently tweeted , "  I want join " and asked to meet "  brothers . " He followed pro-ISIS accounts and often retweeted the group 's propaganda . On his social media posts , he claimed he was from Chechnya , and lamented that "  male are being discriminated against . " "  I hate feminist , " he said , according to a post on his Twitter account on October 5 . "  So I like the isis . " He retweeted Arabic posts and tweeted in English , but never in Korean . His last tweet was sent on October 10 -- which was the same month he began asking his mother if he could go to Turkey , according to Seoul Metro Police Agency . Kim 's mother told police that she had not been aware of his interest in ISIS . CNN was unable to reach Kim 's parents . South Korea may not be a probable place for aspiring ISIS members -- with less than 0.3 % of the population identifying as Muslim . But ISIS has expanded its reach globally . The Islamic militant group has attracted disaffected youth from around the world -- including the United States , France , Europe and Australia . There have also been reports about recruits joining ISIS from Asia , triggering concerns in the region . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? Earlier last year , there was a report of a Chinese fighter caught in Iraq in September . It 's unclear how many Chinese nationals may be fighting with ISIS , but one former Chinese special envoy to the Middle East said there could be about 100 . It remains unclear if some of them are Uighur , a Muslim minority group in Xinjiang . Approximately 350 Southeast Asians were estimated to be in Iraq and Syria , said a Singapore official during a Security Council meeting in November . Currently , two Japanese hostages are held by ISIS with a demand for $ 200 million random . No word from ISIS on hostages South Korean police found about 517 searches for words affiliated with ISIS , as well as over 50 images of ISIS members toting guns and holding women in Kim 's computer , they said . In another social media account , Kim posted : "  I want leaving my country and families just want to get a new life . " Reza Aslan , a religious scholar and adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations described a profile of young people who seek to join ISIS as feeling "  dispossessed or marginalized . They feel somewhat they 're having a crisis of identity . " "  The assumption is that the religiously zealous are the ones joining ISIS , but that 's not proven out by the data we have so far . " Kim began liaising with an individual whom he met on Twitter over an encrypted messaging service , police said . On January 8 , he arrived in Turkey with a Korean guardian . Two days later , he disappeared from a hotel in Kilis , a city near the Syrian border . His guardian reported him missing to the South Korean embassy in Turkey on January 12 .	Teenager expressed interest in ISIS and disappeared in Turkey near Syria border South Korean police found information and images of ISIS on teen 's computer
CNN  -- It came closer ... closer ... and then it started heading away . But you may not have noticed at all . An asteroid passed relatively close to Earth around 2:24 p.m. ET Friday . As scientists had been predicting all week , it did not hit . An unrelated meteor entered the atmosphere over Russia on Friday , hours before the much larger asteroid 's fly-by , injuring about 1,000 people . Scientists say that incident was a pure coincidence . The larger asteroid , called 2012 DA14 , never got closer than 17,100 miles to our planet 's surface . Stargazers in Australia , Asia and Eastern Europe could see the asteroid with the aid of a telescope or binoculars . At the Gingin Observatory in Australia , the asteroid appeared as a bright white streak as viewers watched a live NASA video feed . Scientists are studying this asteroid so extensively that they can already predict its path for most of the 21st century , said Paul Chodas of NASA 's Near Earth Object team . But it is only one of thousands of objects that are destined to one day enter our neighborhood in space . "  There are lots of asteroids that we 're watching that we have n't yet ruled out an Earth impact  for  , but all of them have an impact probability that is very , very low , " Don Yeomans , manager of the Near-Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said at a press briefing . 5 things to know about meteors and asteroids The long and short of it The asteroid is thought to be 45 meters -- about half a football field -- long . Current estimates suggest that the Russian meteor -- which was a tiny asteroid before it hit the Earth 's atmosphere -- was only 15 meters wide , making it much harder to detect . An object the size of asteroid 2012 DA14 appears to hit Earth about once every 1,200 years , Yeomans said . "  There really has n't been a close approach that we know about for an object of this size , " he added . The Science Seat : Yeomans talks about his work On its close approach to Earth , it was predicted the asteroid would be traveling at 7.8 kilometers per second , roughly eight times the speed of a bullet from a high-speed rifle , he said . If it had hit our planet -- which was impossible -- it would have done so with the energy of 2.4 megatons of TNT , Yeomans said . This is comparable to the event in Tunguska , Russia , in 1908 . That asteroid entered the atmosphere and exploded , leveling trees over an area of 820 square miles -- about two-thirds the size of Rhode Island . Like that rock , 2012 DA14 would likely not have left a crater . What else is out there ? So , we knew that this particular asteroid was n't going to hit us , but how about all of those other giant rocks floating nearby beyond our atmosphere ? NASA says 9,697 objects have been classified as near-Earth objects , or NEOs , as of February 12 . Near-Earth objects are comets or asteroids in orbits that allow them to enter Earth 's neighborhood . There 's an important distinction between these two types of objects : Comets are mostly water , ice and dust , while asteroids are mostly rock or metal . Both comets and asteroids have hit Earth in the past . What would happen if the asteroid hit More than 1,300 near-Earth objects have been classified as potentially hazardous to Earth , meaning that someday they may come close or hit our home planet . NASA is monitoring these objects and updating their locations as new information comes in . Right now , scientists are n't warning of any imminent threats . Yeomans and colleagues are using telescopes on the ground and in space to nail down the precise orbit of objects that might threaten Earth and predict whether the planet could be hit . Observatories around the world send their findings to the NASA-funded Minor Planet Center , which keeps a database of all known asteroids and comets in our solar system . NASA also has a space probe tracking asteroids to learn more about them . The Dawn probe was launched in 2007 and has already sent back dramatic pictures from the giant asteroid Vesta . The spacecraft is now heading to the dwarf planet Ceres . Vesta and Ceres are the two most massive objects in the main asteroid belt . Although scientists know a lot about the path of 2012 DA14 , there are many undiscovered near-Earth objects still out there . It 's possible that a flash of light and shaking of the ground would be the first indications that something happened . With the Russian meteor , for example , there was no warning . Many teams of astronomers are using electronic cameras to find these near-Earth objects , but according to NASA , the entire effort consists of fewer than 100 people . New asteroid adventure in 2016 A mission that 's scheduled to launch in 2016 will teach scientists even more about asteroids . OSIRIS-REx will visit an asteroid called 1999 RQ36 , take a sample of at least 2.1 ounces and bring it back to Earth . "  This is going to be the largest sample of an extraterrestrial object returned to Earth since end of the Apollo missions over 40 years ago , " said Edward Beshore , deputy principal investigator for the mission , who is based at the University of Arizona , Tucson . The probe will arrive at the asteroid in 2018 , study it , and then bring back the sample in 2023 . 1999 RQ36 is made of materials "  almost identical to those that were present when the solar system was formed about 4.5 billion years ago , " Beshore said . That means studying this asteroid could yield greater understanding about the sources of organic molecules and water that gave rise to life . Because the asteroid is among those cataloged as a near-Earth object , the mission would further clarify the threat that this particular object poses , and better predict the orbits of other near-Earth asteroids , Beshore said . Scientists at the University of Arizona are collaborating with NASA and Lockheed Martin Space Systems on this mission . To better predict the orbits of hazardous objects , the group is looking at the Yarkovsky effect , a force created when the asteroid absorbs sunlight and re-radiates it as heat . The effect is , at first glance , quite small -- Beshore cited his colleague Steven Chesley 's comparison of this effect to the force a person feels when holding grapes in a hand . But over time , it 's an important consideration when trying to understand where an asteroid is headed . "  That force , applied over millions of years , can literally move mountains of rock around , " Beshore said . But -- and we ca n't say this enough : Do n't panic over it . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog CNN 's Amanda Barnett and Ben Brumfield contributed to this story	An asteroid flies by Earth in the closest recorded approach of an object of its size NASA : 9,697 objects have been classified as near-Earth objects The OSIRIS-REx mission will take a sample from a different asteroid and bring it back
CNN  -- The town of Dublin , Georgia , is putting saggy , baggy pants in the category of indecent exposure , with violators facing fines of up to $ 200 . Dublin Mayor Phil Best said he plans to sign this week an amendment to the municipality 's indecent exposure ordinance . The amendment , which Best plans to put into immediate effect at the City Council meeting , prohibits the wearing of pants or skirts "  more than three inches below the top of the hips exposing the skin or undergarments . " "  We 've gotten several complaints from citizens saying the folks with britches down below their buttocks was offensive , and was n't there something we could do about it , " Best said . The mayor said after about a year of fielding complaints , he put the city attorney to work researching how other localities have dealt with the derriere dilemma . The result was that council members decided to put exposure due to baggy clothing in the same category as masturbation , fornication and urination in public places . Patrolling for offenders will be left to local police in the town about 140 miles southeast of Atlanta . Violators could face fines ranging from $ 25 to $ 200 , or court-mandated community service . "  That 's not our intent , we 'd  rather  not fine anybody but we are prepared to , " Best said . Dublin residents are divided on the issue . Lashika Haynes supports the push to force folks to pull up , "  It 's just disrespectful by showing your drawers to people , " she said . But there are those who feel that the ordinance singles out a specific group of citizens . Jean Wolf , who volunteers with young black men in the community said , "  They 're the ones wearing the saggy , baggy pants . " Wolf said she believes the ordinance will lead to profiling by authorities . Mayor Best said that accusation is "  ridiculous . " "  It 's for white , black , man , woman . The ordinance is for everyone , and I 've seen it violated by all races and sexes , " Best said . Dublin is not alone in its pull-up-the-pants campaign . Riviera Beach , Florida , and Flint , Michigan , passed bans against sagging pants in recent years , but the Riviera Beach legislation later was declared unconstitutional after a court challenge . In the non-judicial realm , a state senator in Brooklyn , New York , announced plans earlier this year for a series of billboards featuring young men wearing low-hanging pants and the catchphrase , "  Raise your pants , raise your image . " And up the road from Dublin , 62-year-old Atlantan "  General " Larry Platt made it all the way to "  American Idol " and became an online one-hit wonder with his song "  Pants on the Ground . "  Sample lyrics : "  Pants on the ground , pants on the ground/looking like a fool with your pants on the ground . " It is not lost on the mayor and the City Council in Dublin that this ordinance opens the door to what could be a pretty tricky debate over what is indecent exposure . For instance , how much is too much cleavage , and are certain tattoos indecent ? The mayor seems to welcome the discussion as a natural part of the law-making process . "  I do n't know a law or ordinance that does n't stand scrutiny by the people and the court system . So time will tell . There have been plenty of laws that have gone all the way to Supreme Court , " Best said . According to the mayor , the local high school already enforces a strict dress code which puts a tight belt around students and their saggy pants , sending violators home for the day . "  It 's time we all have a mutual respect for each other ... what a person does in the privacy of their home is fine , " Best said . "  But if I had an 8-year-old daughter , I do n't think she needs to be subjected to looking at someone 's rear end . "	The mayor of Dublin , Georgia , plans to sign an amendment to an indecent exposure ordinance The law would bar the wearing of low pants or skirts "  exposing the skin or undergarments " Dublin residents are divided on the new law Violators , meanwhile , could be fined up to $ 200
CNN  -- The suspect in the killing of Yale pharmacology graduate student Annie Le appeared in court in New Haven , Connecticut , Tuesday , but did not enter a plea , his attorney told CNN . Raymond J. Clark III appears in court Tuesday in New Haven , Connecticut , where he is charged with murder . Raymond Clark III , 24 , a lab technician at Yale , is charged with murder in Le 's death . Tuesday 's scheduled hearing was continued until October 20 . It is standard procedure for defendants in murder cases not to enter a plea until a later stage in the case , public defender Beth Merkin told CNN . Clark eventually will plead not guilty , she said . Clark , of Branford , Connecticut , is being held in lieu of $ 3 million bail . The body of Le , 24 , was found inside a wall of a Yale lab building on September 12 -- the day she was to be married . She had been strangled , the Connecticut medical examiner 's office determined . Clark is not a Yale student , but has worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004 . He lived with his girlfriend , who also is a Yale lab technician , according to New Haven police . Follow a timeline of the case " A Yale faculty member described Clark 's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research . The lab is in the basement of the building where Le 's body was found . A motive in Le 's killing was unclear , but police said they were treating the case as workplace violence . Yale has announced a memorial service for Le on October 12 . The university is also establishing a scholarship in her memory . Le was buried in California on September 26 . "  You were born in my loving embrace , " said Le 's mother , Vivian Van Le , reading a poem she 'd written in Vietnamese to those gathered for the funeral at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in El Dorado Hills . Her son and Annie Le 's brother , Chris Le , provided a translation . "  The most wonderful gift that God had sent to me . ... You left life at too young an age , at the beginning of many great things . All the dreams and hopes of your future gone with you to your resting place , " Vivian Van Le said , according to her son .	NEW : Yale employee Raymond Clark defers plea , attorney says NEW : Deferring plea is common practice in similar cases , lawyer says Clark and victim Annie Le were co-workers at university laboratory Le 's body was found in wall of lab building on day she was to be married
CNN  -- Sponsors of international soccer including Visa , Coca-Cola and Adidas have warned that an ethics scandal at the highest levels of the sport is hurting the sport and needs to be fixed . "  The current situation is clearly not good for the game , " a Visa spokesman told CNN Tuesday , echoing comments from other companies that pay to have their logos at the World Cup and other major soccer events . The Visa spokesman declined to be named . "  The negative tenor of the public debate around FIFA at the moment is neither good for football nor for FIFA , " Adidas chief communications officer Jan Runau told CNN Tuesday . FIFA President Sepp Blatter held an extraordinary press conference amid the scandal Monday night , insisting the organization was not in crisis after two top officials were suspended amid ethics concerns . Never mind Saint Sepp , the system is to blame One of the officials , Mohamed Bin Hammam , was the only person running against Blatter for the presidency in an election scheduled for Wednesday . FIFA says the vote will go ahead on schedule , with Blatter as the only candidate . The powerful English Football Association called on FIFA Tuesday to delay the vote . "  This has been a very damaging time for the reputation of FIFA and therefore the whole of football , " FA president David Bernstein said . The Scottish Football Association echoed the call . "  The events of the last two days , in particular , have made any election unworkable , " SFA head Stewart Reagan said in a statement . Sponsor Emirates airlines said it was "  disappointed " by the "  issues around the administration " of FIFA , and Coca-Cola said Monday that the ethics allegations were "  distressing and bad for the sport . " The concerns come as Blatter shrugged off allegations of corruption within FIFA Monday and said he would press ahead with his bid to be re-elected as president for the fourth time . Bin Hammam of Qatar was suspended by the FIFA ethics committee Sunday , along with fellow leading official Jack Warner . "  We are not in a crisis , we are only in some difficulties and these can be solved inside our family , " Blatter told a press conference Monday where he was continually pressed on both his own position and wider allegations of wrongdoing within FIFA . "  FIFA is strong enough to deal with our own problems , " he asserted when asked if he had considered postponing Wednesday 's vote by the 208-member FIFA Congress . FIFA is the body that decides where soccer 's quadrennial World Cup will be held , among other responsibilities . Blatter ruled out a new vote on the venue for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar after a suggestion that it had won unfairly . "  There is no issue for the World Cup in 2022 , " the 75-year-old Swiss said . "  I believe that the decision taken for the World Cup in 2022 was done exactly in the same pattern and in the same way as the 2018 tournament . " Bin Hamman , who led the Qatar bid , said earlier Monday that he would appeal his suspension . "  I am punished before I am found guilty , " Bin Hammam said in a statement , saying he would "  not accept " the decision . Blatter , who was cleared by the ethics committee , did admit that the whole affair had affected FIFA 's reputation . "  What has happened in the last few days and week -- it has done great damage to the image of FIFA , " he said . The press conference was conducted in an acrimonious atmosphere as frustrated journalists shouted out questions . "  We 're not in a bazaar here , we are in an important congress , " retorted Blatter at one point . It rounded off an extraordinary day of accusation and counter accusation , with CONCACAF chief Warner the focal point . "  At the end of the day , Blatter has to be stopped , " Warner , whose organization covers North and Central America and the Caribbean , told gathered reporters , clearly angered by his expulsion from FIFA 's executive committee . Warner also released an e-mail to reporters which implied that FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke believed there was corruption involved in Qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup . "  He thought he could buy FIFA as they bought the World Cup , " Warner claims Valcke said of Bin Hammam in the e-mail . Qatar 's football association Monday "  categorically denied any wrongdoing " in connection with its bid , and said it was consulting lawyers and "  urgently seeking clarification from FIFA " about the alleged Valcke comments . Valcke , who is not accused of ethics violations and is not under any investigation , admitted sending the email , but said his comments had been taken out of context . Warner and Bin Hammam both deny wrongdoing . In a further puzzling development Tuesday , Warner apparently performed a U-turn from his previous position and urged his region 's members in an open lettter to vote for Blatter . "  At our last meeting we agreed as a Union to support the incumbent Joseph Sepp Blatter in his quest to regain the Presidency , " Warner wrote . "  I wish to assure you nothing has changed - our mandate was set then and despite it all we must fulfil it . " CNN 's David Wilkinson , Ben Wyatt , James Montague and Aaron Akin contributed to this report .	NEW : Sponsors of international football express concern about a top-level ethics scandal FIFA president Sepp Blatter insists there is no crisis in world football 's governing body The FA says the election should be delayed after Blatter 's only challenger is suspended FIFA chooses who hosts the World Cup every four years
Washington  CNN  -- The National Security Agency notched a much-needed win in court Friday after a series of setbacks over the legality and even the usefulness of its massive data collection program . A federal judge in New York ruled the NSA 's bulk collection of data on nearly every phone call made in the United States was legal . The ruling contrasts with another ruling last week by a federal judge in Washington , who called the same program "  almost Orwellian " and likely unconstitutional . In his ruling Friday , U.S. District Judge William Pauley said the NSA 's bulk collection of phone records under Section 215 of the Patriot Act was legal . The program was revealed in classified leaks by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . "  But the question of whether that program should be conducted is for the other two coordinate branches of government to decide , " said the ruling by Pauley , an appointee of President Bill Clinton . The American Civil Liberties Union , which brought the case , said it would appeal Pauley 's ruling . "  We are extremely disappointed with this decision , which misinterprets the relevant statutes , understates the privacy implications of the government 's surveillance and misapplies a narrow and outdated precedent to read away core constitutional protections , " said Jameel Jaffer , the ACLU 's deputy legal director . Review : NSA snooping program should stay in place President Barack Obama is examining a review of the surveillance efforts that recommended changes in how the NSA program was conducted . Obama said last week he would decide what to do about it in January . Last week , U.S. District Judge Richard Leon said the NSA 's bulk collection of metadata -- phone records of the time and numbers called without any disclosure of content -- apparently violates privacy rights . His preliminary ruling favored five plaintiffs challenging the practice , but Leon limited the decision only to their cases . "  I can not imagine a more ` indiscriminate ' and ` arbitrary invasion ' than this systematic and high-tech collection and retention of personal data on virtually every citizen for purposes of querying and analyzing it without prior judicial approval , " said Leon , an appointee of President George W. Bush . "  Surely , such a program infringes on ` that degree of privacy ' that the Founders enshrined in the Fourth Amendment . " Leon 's ruling said the "  plaintiffs in this case have also shown a strong likelihood of success on the merits of a Fourth Amendment claim , " adding "  as such , they too have adequately demonstrated irreparable injury . " He rejected the government 's argument that a 1979 Maryland case provided precedent for the constitutionality of collecting phone metadata , noting that public use of telephones had increased dramatically in three decades . Leon also noted the government "  does not cite a single instance in which analysis of the NSA 's bulk metadata collection actually stopped an imminent attack , or otherwise aided the government in achieving any objective that was time-sensitive in nature . " However , he put off enforcing his order barring the government from collecting the information , pending an appeal by the government . A Justice Department spokesman said in response to Leon 's ruling that "  we believe the program is constitutional as previous judges have found . " Explosive revelations this year by Snowden triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests in the aftermath of the September 2001 terrorist attacks . Snowden 's disclosures led to more public disclosure about the secretive legal process that sets in motion the government surveillance . The NSA has admitted it received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The case before Leon involved approval for surveillance in April by a judge at a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that handles individual requests for electronic surveillance for "  foreign intelligence purposes . " Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of the 1970s , the secret courts were set up to grant certain types of government requests -- wiretapping , data analysis and other monitoring of possible terrorists and spies operating in the United States . The Patriot Act that Congress passed after the 9/11 attacks broadened the government 's ability to conduct anti-terrorism surveillance in the United States and abroad , eventually including the metadata collection . In order to collect the information , the government has to demonstrate it is "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . However , the 1978 FISA law lays out exactly what the special court must decide : "  A judge considering a petition to modify or set aside a nondisclosure order may grant such petition only if the judge finds that there is no reason to believe that disclosure may endanger the national security of the United States , interfere with a criminal , counterterrorism , or counterintelligence investigation , interfere with diplomatic relations , or endanger the life or physical safety of any person . " In defending the program , Gen. Keith Alexander , the NSA 's director , told the Senate Judiciary Committee last week that "  15 separate judges of the FISA Court have held on 35 occasions that Section 215  of the Patriot Act  authorizes the collection of telephony metadata in bulk in support of counterterrorism investigations . " Initially , telecommunications companies such as Verizon were the targets of legal action against Patriot Act provisions . Congress later gave retroactive immunity to those private businesses . The New York ruling makes it more likely that the U.S. Supreme Court will have to tackle the issue of privacy and settle the dispute over the the NSA program . For years , the courts have relied on a 1979 Supreme Court precedent that found privacy rights did n't extend to personal information people give to third-parties such as the phone companies , which store basic data on calls made . The secret court that oversees the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act has relied on that ruling to periodically reauthorize the NSA phone data program . But technology has come a long way since then ; modern cell phones are in constant communication with phone towers and tell a lot more information about phone customers than old land line phones . And at least some justices may be ready to take on the issue again . Ruling last year in an unrelated case , Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote that the 1979 standard may be "  ill suited to the digital age " because people reveal a lot more information in seemingly mundane tasks . "  It may be necessary to reconsider the premise that an individual has no reasonable expectation of privacy in information voluntarily disclosed to third parties , " she wrote . CNN 's Bill Mears and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The ruling makes it likely the Supreme Court will have to tackle the issue of privacy A federal judge rules the NSA collection of phone metadata is legal A different judge said last week the surveillance was likely unconstitutional Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed the extent of the surveillance
CNN  -- Border skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia flared for a second day in an ongoing dispute over an ancient Hindu temple , a Thai military official said Wednesday . There were several exchanges of gunfire overnight , according to Col. Sansern Kaewkumnerd , a Thai military spokesman , who said the exchanges were brief . Some hand grenades were thrown and one Thai soldier was injured , he said . The Asian neighbors have been urged by the U.N. Security Council to end their dispute over Preah Vihear temple . The council issued a statement on Monday , following a closed-door session on the conflict that included representatives from both sides and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . "  The members of the Security Council called on the two sides to display maximum restraint and avoid any action that may aggravate the situation , " said the statement , read by Ambassador Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti of Brazil , which holds the monthly presidency of the 15-member body for February . "  The members of the Security Council further urged the parties to establish a permanent ceasefire and to implement it fully and resolve the situation peacefully and through effective dialogue , " she said . Border skirmishes , which started earlier this month , have killed five people , including members of the military and civilians , a statement from ASEAN said , adding that each nation accuses the other of firing first . The clashes stem from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . The building sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . In a letter to the United Nations last week , Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that in addition to the human toll the fighting was taking , the temple had suffered damage . Conflict over the site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square-mile  4.7-square-kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th-century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site , meaning the U.N. believes the place has outstanding universal value . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	A Thai soldier is injured in Wednesday 's military exchange , Thailand says The two countries are fighting over a temple The temple sits on a cliff in Cambodia , but the most accessible entrance is from Thailand Thailand believes the temple is in its territory
CNN  -- Rescue teams continued scouring waters off Mexico 's coast Thursday , searching for seven Americans on a fishing expedition missing since a boat capsized over the weekend . None of the missing had been spotted by Thursday afternoon , U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer 2nd Class Levi Read told CNN . But he said officials believe they could have survived , helped by warm water temperatures and calm seas . "  Conditions are probably about as good as we can expect , " he said . One American was killed when the boat with more than 40 people aboard sunk early Sunday in the Sea of Cortez , near Isla San Luis , Mexico , authorities said . Sixteen of 19 Americans that have been rescued returned to the United States Thursday , the government of Mexico 's Baja California state said . Three rescued Americans remained in Mexico as the search continued , the government said . Relatives of the seven missing Americans are seeking donations to help continue rescue efforts after Mexican and U.S. teams end the official search . The search has been extended indefinitely , Mexican officials said Thursday . It had originally been scheduled to stop around 2 a.m. Thursday , 96 hours after the boat capsized . The situation has drawn attention from officials in California , the home state of many of the missing . On Wednesday a group of California lawmakers urged federal officials to encourage Mexican authorities to keep searching . "  With the warm weather conditions , we believe the missing family members may be able to survive for additional days at sea or on one of the many islands in the region , " the lawmakers wrote in a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Robert Papp . Family spokesman Frederick Han -- whose 52-year-old father-in-law , Donald Lee , is among the missing -- said he was holding out hope . "  If we know there are still people out there who are going to make the effort to search for them , then we maintain the hope that they 're going to be found , " he said Wednesday . Han said relatives have urged U.S. authorities to play a greater role , and have been getting the word out about the situation online at findourfathers.blogspot.com . Family members also launched a Facebook page "  Find Our Fathers " and a PayPal account for donations to help with the search and rescue efforts . U.S. and Mexican teams are part of the search , as the boat was carrying citizens of both nations . A U.S. Coast Guard C-130 Hercules aircraft searched a 300-square-mile area near Isla San Luis Thursday . The plane will search the area again Friday , the Coast Guard said . The Coast Guard said in a statement Thursday that it had searched 1,400 square miles of ocean and land since the Mexican Navy requested assistance in the operation . U.S. authorities identified the American tourist who died as Leslie Yee . In addition to Lee , the missing also include Albert Mein , Russell Bautista , Mark Dorland , Brian Wong , Gene J. Leong and Shawn Chaddock . U.S. and Mexican authorities said there were 43 people on the boat when it sank . The U.S. Coast Guard originally said 44 people were onboard , but changed their number after learning that one person listed on the manifest had never boarded the boat . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	A Coast Guard officer says none of the missing have been spotted The Baja California government says 16 rescued Americans returned home Mexican officials say the search has been extended indefinitely Family members say they 'll remain hopeful as long as the search continues
A Louisiana family may have won a reprieve in its fight to protect its beloved pit bull from a local "  vicious dogs " ordinance . The village of Moreauville passed an ordinance in October banning pit bulls and Rottweilers as of December 1 , but local officials put enforcement on hold after a national outcry . It all started with resident Joanna Armand , who started an online petition to protect her family 's pit bull , Zeus , from exile or worse . Her petition , which asks the village to reverse the ban , has drawn more than 200,000 signatures . Zeus is more than the family dog , Armand said . He provides love and support for her children , especially daughter O'Hara , who uses a halo brace and a wheelchair because of severe neck problems . Zeus acts as a sort of therapy dog for O'Hara , Armand said . He sleeps by her side every night . If O'Hara wakes up with seizures , he rouses her mother . Owners of the animals received a letter saying that pets found within the corporate limits of Moreauville after December 1 will be "  impounded and transported to a veterinary clinic for further disposition , " according to a letter posted on the family 's Facebook page . Moreauville Alderman Penn Lemoine told CNN affiliate KALB that the ordinance was created to placate residents in the small village . "  We had several residents that were complaining about not being able to walk along the neighborhoods because these dogs were basically running along town , " Lemoine said , according to KALB . Lemoine told KALB that the wording of the letter caused a misunderstanding and that town officials do n't want to kill anyone 's family pet . Village leaders are working to set up an emergency meeting about the ordinance , according to KALB . Moreauville is not the first town to pass a ordinance restricting the ownership of pit bulls , Rottweilers or other "  vicious dogs . " But the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals recommends breed-neutral laws "  that focus , not on breed , but on people 's responsibility for their dogs ' behavior , including measures that hold owners of all breeds accountable for properly housing , supervising and controlling their dogs . " The White House also signaled its opposition to breed-specific legislation in 2013 , saying "  research shows that bans on certain types of dogs are largely ineffective and often a waste of public resources . " Several states have passed legislation banning local governments from introducing breed-specific laws or ordinances . Besides , pit bulls are not a breed of dog . Several breeds of dogs , mainly the bull terrier , the bulldog and the American Staffordshire terrier , are commonly referred to as "  pit bulls . " These dogs descended from an English bull-baiting dog bred to bite and hold bulls , bears and other large animals around the face and head , according to the ASPCA . They were later bred with terriers to produce a more agile , athletic dog . "  It is likely that that the vast majority of pit bull type dogs in our communities today are the result of random breeding -- two dogs being mated without regard to the behavioral traits being passed on to their offspring . The result of random breeding is a population of dogs with a wide range of behavioral predispositions . For this reason it is important to evaluate and treat each dog , no matter its breed , as an individual . "	Village 's "  vicious dogs ban on pit bulls and rottweilers may be on hold Family had started petition asking village to reverse ban Family fears Zeus will be taken from them pursuant to village ordnance Zeus provides children with love and support , they say
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A mob killed a Hindu man in the Indian state of Orissa Thursday as another group attacked a church in another part of the state 's troubled Kandhamal district , authorities said Friday . Christian activists stage a peace march in Mumbai , India earlier this month . Krishan Kumar , Kandhamal 's top administrative official , told CNN the Hindu man was hacked to death at Raikia . Orissa state , which is dominated by tribal people , borders the Bay of Bengal in east-central India , and Kandhamal is located in the center of the state , which has been racked by Hindu-Christian violence . Praveen Kumar , Kandhamal 's superintendent of police , said an investigation is under way in both incidents , and did not say whether any suspects were being sought . Twenty-three civilians , excluding police , have died in the Hindu-Christian violence in Kandhamal this month , according to the administrator . "  Arrests are continuing , " Praveen Kumar said when asked how many people have been held so far in connection with the violence . The latest attacks occurred on a day when India 's federal government called upon the state administration to take "  effective , focused and firm measures " to control the conflicts . On Thursday , federal Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta asked the Orissa government to ensure effective deployment of paramilitaries in the state . -- CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Orissa state in east-central India has been racked by Hindu-Christian violence 23 civilians have died in the state 's troubled Kandhamal district this month Latest attacks follow calls for state to take firm measures to control conflict
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- A 44-year-old Bolivian drug addict and alcoholic who describes himself as a church minister was the sole person responsible for the brief hijacking Wednesday of a commercial jetliner , a Mexican official said . Military personnel surround a hijacked Aeromexico jet after it landed Wednesday in Mexico City . The suspect , Josmar Flores Pereira , told authorities he hijacked the Boeing 737 jet because the date -- September 9 , 2009 , or 9/9/9 , and 666 reversed -- held some significance for him , said Genaro Garcia Luna , the secretary for public safety . "  He said that because of that divine reference , he wanted to alert Mexico City of an earthquake , " Garcia told reporters . Flanked by two police officers , the suspect -- wearing a white shirt and blue jeans -- was then paraded in front of the news media . Chewing gum , he smiled . "  Christ is coming soon , " he told reporters before being escorted off . He said that he had attached colored lights to a can and that there had been no bomb . The hijacker took control of Aeromexico Flight 576 as the jet flew from the resort town of Cancun , telling a flight attendant he was one of three hijackers , Garcia said . Watch CNN 's Rick Sanchez report on the hijacking as it unfolded " He said a cardboard box he had contained a bomb , and threatened to blow it up if his demand to speak to President Felipe Calderon was not met , Garcia said . Calderon was in the presidential hangar in the airport preparing to depart when the incident began , leading him to cancel his planned flight , CNN affiliate TV Azteca reported . The hijacking apparently went unnoticed by many of those aboard the plane , which landed five minutes ahead of scheduled and was moved to a remote area of the airport . Passengers , clutching their hand luggage , walked from the plane and down a moveable stairway onto the tarmac , where they got into buses . Pamela Cheatham , who said she was on the flight en route to Colorado , told CNN that nothing appeared amiss until the plane did not go directly to the terminal . Instead , the pilot announced that , for security purposes , the plane was gong to have to sit on the tarmac for a few minutes , she said . "  But when we saw the SWAT team and guys with the guns on both sides of the airline , we knew something was up , " she said . Moments later , the suspect and several other people were taken into custody , TV Azteca said . The package turned out not to contain explosives , the station said . Garcia said the other people who were detained turned out not to be involved . Watch Aeromexico passengers being released " A U.S. law enforcement official familiar with the situation said preliminary information indicated there were 112 passengers aboard the plane , all from Mexico , the United States or France . "  The flight was very tranquil , " said Marisa Lopez , a passenger who was seated in Row 24 with her baby . She said the only thing that caught her attention was the large number of emergency vehicles that were lined up along the tarmac when they arrived , five minutes ahead of schedule . "  Really , it was all very peaceful , " she said . "  We saw nothing . " Others were more aware of what was going on . "  It was very difficult , but the pilot told us to remain calm , " said another passenger , who added that many of the passengers were families returning from vacation in Cancun . Read timeline of events " The woman said the hijacker never spoke to them during the 45 minutes they were held . "  We were scared , " said another woman . "  But it seemed like things got under control when we came down . We were immediately surrounded , when we landed , by federal police . " Flores ' wife , speaking with CNN by telephone from their home in the southern Mexican city of Oaxaca , said her husband had been looking for a way to get his message about God to the news media . "  He never wanted to hurt anyone , " said Elisa Melgar , 38 , the mother of their three sons and his wife of 18 years . "  As his wife , I support him , " she said , adding her husband had not touched alcohol or drugs for the past 17 years . "  He 's a man who was transformed by the power of God . " A video posted on YouTube shows the suspect singing that God had saved him from a life of drug addiction .	Official says Bolivian man , 44 , solely responsible for Aeromexico hijacking Suspect told authorities the date -- 9/9/09 -- was significant , official says 112 passengers were aboard when plane was hijacked Hijacker demanded to speak to Mexican president , claimed to have bomb
CNN  -- The longest solar eclipse of the century cast a wide shadow for several minutes over Asia and the Pacific Ocean Wednesday , luring throngs of people outside to watch the celestial spectacle . A woman looks through a refractor telescope with a solar filter on top of the roof of a school in Hong Kong . Day turned into night . Temperatures turned cooler . The total eclipse could be seen starting in India on Wednesday morning and moving eastward across Nepal , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Vietnam , China and parts of the Pacific . Millions cast their eyes towards the heavens to catch a rare view of the sun 's corona . Cloud cover in some areas prevented people from fully savoring the phenomenon . Still , many were awed . Tim O'Rourke , a 45-year-old freelance photographer from Detroit , Michigan , lives in Hong Kong but traveled up to Shanghai -- touted as one of the best spots to watch the eclipse . . Watch the scene in Shanghai as day turns into night " "  It was pitch black like midnight , " said O'Rourke , standing in People 's Square with what appeared to be a crowd of thousands . Read blog on CNN reporter 's first eclipse experience "  Definitely not disappointed we came . Of course it would have been much better with nice weather , blue skies . But still it was a great experience , it was a lot of fun . " he said . Total eclipses occur about twice a year as the moon passes between the Earth and the sun on the same plane as Earth 's orbit . Wednesday 's event lasted up to more than six minutes in some places . Send us your photos of the eclipse Generally considered an inauspicious day in India , thousands took a dip in the Ganges River in the Hindu holy city of Varanasi to cleanse their souls , CNN 's sister station CNN-IBN reported . It was sunny skies in Hong Kong , where students , parents and the elderly flooded a primary school to watch the eclipse in the southern Chinese enclave . The local astronomy society gave a presentation on how an eclipse happens and children climbed up ladders to look through two large telescopes on the school roof -- packed with skygazers -- to catch a glimpse of the moon moving across the sun . Read blog on Mother Nature conducting grand eclipse show Others looked through binoculars covered with solar filter paper or through a large rectangular block labeled "  Large Solar Filter , " where they could take pictures of the moon moving over the sun . Astronomy enthusiast Louis Chung , 13 , brought his teacher to the school to witness the eclipse . "  City folks would n't usually be able to see this . Nature is wonderful . It is awesome to know that nature can provide such spectacular sights , " said Chung , a member of the Hong Kong Astronomical Society . "  Nature is incredible , and there is too much we do n't know about , " said another Hong Kong local , Yee Ping , a journalist for a financial newspaper . "  We try to know more and see by our own eyes so we can feel the power of nature . " Richard Binzel , an astronomer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said the total eclipse will first be visible at sunrise in India and about four hours later just east of Hawaii . A partial eclipse will be visible as far south as northern Australia and as far north as Siberia , he said . In some cultures , legends and folklore surrounds eclipses . Watch as eclipse-watchers head to China " In India , an eclipse is considered inauspicious . Women forbid pregnant daughters-in-law from going outside out of the belief that their children could be born with marks . Some temples wo n't offer any prayers on the day of an eclipse -- such as the one next to the planetarium in Mumbai , which said it wo n't even light a stick of incense . In Chinese tradition , there is a story about a heavenly dog eating the sun . As the story goes , people would make noise to scare off the dog and rescue the sun , said Bill Yeung , president of the Hong Kong Astronomical Society . "  In ancient China , we shared the same impression with our Indian friends that a solar eclipse was not a good thing , " he told CNN . Read blog on how eclipse-chasers are gambling on weather Some of the more unusual ways to see Wednesday 's eclipse include a cruise ship that will travel along the centerline off Japan and from aboard a 737-700 chartered plane in India . More conventional viewing parties in Shanghai had been planned along the beach , in a park and in skyscrapers . A music festival has been organized in Japan 's Amami island , with more than 6,000 people expected , and Japanese television has shown rows of tents set up on Akusekijima island . The witnesses of the eclipse will range "  from the farmer who only knows legends of eclipses and may not know this is happening at all to the world 's experts who have come specifically to the Shanghai region to make the most detailed scientific analysis possible , " added Binzel , the MIT astronomer . CNN 's Emily Chang , John Vause , Nishi Kumar , Yoko Wakatsuki , Stephanie Akiko Haschke , Harmeet Shah Singh and Mallika Kapur contributed to this report .	Event is longest of 21st century , astronomers predict it would last over 6 minutes People in parts of Pacific Ocean , China and India able to get full view Chinese city of Shanghai touted as one of the best spots to watch the eclipse Some unusual watching events include a cruise , plane trip and a music festival
