CNN  -- Honda is recalling about 268,000 CR-V vehicles due to concerns about the power window master switch , which could start a fire . The vehicles affected are from model years 2002 to 2006 , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . In severe conditions , rain water entering the driver 's side window can enter the master power window switch , Honda said in a statement Saturday . Such exposure to liquids can cause electrical resistance in the switch , which could cause it to overheat , smoke and start a fire . Four switch fires -- but no crashes or injuries -- have been reported , Honda said . Because a switch failure and fire could happen even if the car is off , "  owners are advised to park outside until the recall repair has been performed , " the NHTSA said . Honda is asking affected CR-V owners to go to an authorized dealer to have their master power window switch inspected and repaired or replaced .	The affected CR-Vs are from model years 2002 to 2006 Owners are advised to park outside as a fire could start while the car is not running Four switch fires -- but no crashes or injuries -- have been reported , Honda says
CNN  -- Microsoft 's Windows Phone 8.1 just got an upgrade with the voice of Cortana . If you 're an avid video game player , you 're probably thrilled . Cortana is a character in the popular Halo video games series . She 's sexy and smart and tries to save the world . So how does Microsoft 's Cortana compare with Apple 's Siri ? We 'll find out . But here 's the interesting question : Why are Cortana , Siri , and basically all "  virtual assistants " female ? Sure , there 's the biological factor , i.e. , our time in the womb predisposes us to prefer the sound of a woman 's voice . And then -- as CNN 's Brandon Griggs pointed out -- there 's also tradition . Ever since World War II , automated navigation systems in airplanes have used female voices , which stand out in the male-dominated cockpit . And let 's not forget straight-up sexism , whose logic goes something like this : "  Well , if it 's an assistant , it has to be female , right ? " All of these reasons certainly contribute to the choice of a female voice for the increasingly popular "  virtual assistant " feature on smartphones , which understands commands and in some cases talks back . But let 's not discount the influence of a certain AMC television program that has a hypnotic hold on Western culture right now : "  Mad Men . " Have you noticed that trendy clothes are tight-fitting right now ? And ties are skinny ? And fedoras are everywhere ? Heck , even Lucky Strike 's sales are booming . It 's the Mad Men factor , and this phenomenon also makes everyone want a female assistant . But in 2014 , assistants are about as rare as those IBM Selectric typewriters from Season 1 , so we 'll take the next best thing : the virtual version . Most of us have to make our own coffee , hang up our own coat , and set our own appointments . But by golly , having Cortana or Siri call someone for you makes you feel like a regular Don Draper , if just for a moment . Roger Sterling sure is a selfish rake , but would n't it be great if you had an assistant to do your shopping for you -- just like Roger ? With Siri and Cortana , you at least have someone make your shopping list . Of course , we draw the line at boss-secretary romance . Let 's not get carried away . A person and a computer program ? No one would ever be weird enough to fantasize about falling in love with an operating system . Unless you count the $ 481 million in ticket sales from "  Her , " a movie with this exact premise . But perhaps I have n't convinced you . For example , you might be wondering how there can be a distinction between the sexist reason for wanting a female assistant and the Mad Men reason . Is n't it the same thing ? No . From fashion to furniture , everyone wants a little Mad Men in their life . And whatever form "  a little Mad Men " takes , it must resemble the show as closely as possible . Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner takes pride in the deadly accuracy of his period details , and so do we , when we recreate aspects of the show in our lives . If all the assistants on Mad Men were men , everyone would want a male virtual assistant right now . Also , let 's not forget that everyone roots for the female characters Joan Holloway and Peggy Olson , both of whom begin the show as assistants . They both break through the glass ceiling  in very different ways  on their way to the top of the advertising hierarchy . We want them to succeed , and we agonize over the injustices heaped upon them in their ascent . Whatever our gender , we also want female assistants , just like Joan and Peggy eventually have when they become powerful . There 's a twist to this story . Cortana , the artificially intelligent character from Halo , was based on the ancient Egyptian queen Nefertiti . Some scholars believe Nefertiti ruled Egypt after the death of her husband , Pharaoh Akhenaten . Viewed from this perspective , Cortana represents not only a helpful , soothing voice , but also an eventual ruler . For those who are predicting world domination by robots , the choice of Cortana is certainly something to ponder .	Microsoft 's Windows Phone 8.1 just got an upgrade with the voice of Cortana David Wheeler : Why are Cortana , Siri , and basically all "  virtual assistants " female ? He says there 's biological factor , tradition , sexism , and the popularity of Mad Men Wheeler : Having a virtual assistant like Cortana makes us feel like Don Draper
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Investigators were searching for bodies in a mangled wreck Saturday , a day after two trains crashed and killed at least 98 people in eastern India , officials said . Maoist rebels are suspected of causing the crash by removing the fasteners securing the tracks , police said . Authorities identified some suspects , but had not yet made any arrests , said Bhupinder Singh , police chief in West Bengal state . He said "  quite a few " people were involved . At least 115 passengers were injured when 13 cars of the Mumbai-bound Lokmanya Tilak Gyaneshwari Express derailed , capsized on a parallel track and were slammed by a cargo train , authorities said . More than a dozen bodies may still be trapped inside the wreckage , said N.S. Nigam , West Midnapore district magistrate . Singh told reporters Friday that officers had found Maoist posters claiming responsibility for the attack . "  It appears to be a case of sabotage where a portion of the railway track was removed . Whether explosives were used is not yet clear , " Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram said in a statement Friday . Manoj Verma , the district police superintendent , said Friday that investigators were looking into the possibility that "  fishplates , " which secure rail joints , were missing from the track . The role of Maoists "  can not be ruled out , " Verma said . India regards Maoists as its gravest internal security threat . More than 70 officers were killed in a suspected Maoist ambush in Chhattisgarh state last month in what was seen as one of the most daring attacks by the left-wing guerrillas on Indian security forces . The insurgents , on the other hand , have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed . In February , Chidambaram said that more than 900 people , including almost 600 civilians , were killed in Maoist-related incidents in 2009 . About 200 suspected rebels were also slain as forces moved into areas under insurgent control , he said .	At least 98 people killed after passenger train jumps track and slams into freight train Police say suspects removed rail fasteners from tracks to cause crash Police have identified several Maoist rebel suspects , but have not made any arrests Home minister calls wreck "  sabotage "
A lawyer representing the father of Australia 's top-rated tennis player Bernard Tomic says John Tomic was acting in self-defense when he headbutted his son 's training partner Thomas Drouet on Saturday . On Monday , John Tomic , who is also his 20-year-old son 's coach , denied a charge of assault in a Madrid court which ruled that a judge will decide his guilt or innocence at a hearing on May 14 . The incident -- which resulted in a broken nose for the Monegasque Drouet -- took place on Saturday afternoon outside the hotel in the Spanish capital where players were staying for the Madrid Masters . Bernard was in town to contest the tournament only to suffer a first round at the hands of Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic . "  I do n't feel guilty . I did not do anything wrong , " Tomic Senior told reporters of the fight . His lawyer Carmen Dieguez said the reason that Tomic Snr used his head , rather than his arms , to attack Drouet was because the tennis player , 29 , was holding the coach 's arms at the time . In a statement , Tennis Australia said they were awaiting further details before discussing the incident . "  Obviously media reports regarding a recent incident are very concerning , " the country 's governing tennis body said . "  We are working closely with ATP officials who are investigating the incident and are unable to comment further until the full facts are known . " The incident continues the mixed career of Bernard Tomic , ranked 53rd in the world , and who was dropped from his Davis Cup side earlier in the year for what Australia captain Pat Rafter called a lack of professionalism . The youngster , who broke into the limelight when reaching the quarterfinals of Wimbledon as an 18-year-old , is no stranger to controversy involving his father , with the duo having been involved in several incidents . Croatian-born John , who moved with his family to Australia when Bernard was three , has been coaching his son since he was 13 , even though a man who used to drive taxis for a living had no previous tennis experience . In 2009 , John was forced to publicly apologize after telling his son to walk off court in the middle of a match against fellow Australian Marinko Matosevic in Perth as he was unhappy with the officiating . Despite the incident resulting in a one-month ban from the International Tennis Federation , John was up to old his tricks a year later -- railing at Australian Open tournament director Craig Tiley so vehemently about the scheduling of one of his son 's matches that security was ultimately placed around the official . Last year , Tomic Junior was booed off court at Wimbledon , picking up a code violation after smashing his racket , as he made a first round exit before then requesting that his father should be ejected from the stands at the Miami Masters later in the year . "  I know he 's my father but he 's annoying me , " Bernard , who was ranked as high as world no. 27 last year , stated to the match referee . Tomic Senior has often clashed with Tennis Australia , having previously threatened to switch his son 's allegiance to Croatia unless his demands are met . Matters seemed to be improving as Bernard won his maiden ATP title in January but this latest incident appears to be yet another setback in a stop-start career for a player with a fine record at junior level .	Lawyer representing John Tomic says tennis player 's father attacked Drouet in self-defense Drouet of Monaco is the training partner of Bernard Tomic , Australia 's top male tennis player Tomic 's burgeoning career has already been blighted by several off-court incidents
Washington  CNN  -- The number of "  dropout factory " high schools in the United States is decreasing , according to a report from the Building a Grad Nation Summit being held this week in Washington . Between 2009 and 2010 , the number of "  dropout factories " -- the term used in the report for those high schools that graduate 60 % or less of the number of freshmen who reported for class four years earlier -- dropped from 1,634 to 1,550 , continuing a trend that has accellerated in recent years , the report says . It is estimated that around one-quarter of students in the United States do not complete high school . The Grad Nation campaign has a goal of attaining a 90 % graduation rate by the year 2020 . Only the state of Wisconsin currently reaches that benchmark , although Vermont is less than half a percentage point away , the report says . "  The good news is that some states have made improvements in their graduation rates , showing it can be done , " said Robert Balfanz , one of the report 's authors . "  But the data also indicate that if we are to meet our national goals by 2020 , we will have to accelerate our rate of progress , particularly in the states that have shown little progress . " Over the past decade , the report says , the number of high schools considered "  dropout factories " has declined by 457 , with the largest decrease coming since 2008 . The Obama administration has targeted such schools with School Improvement Grants , which provide money to school districts that agree to follow certain criteria , such as closing down underperforming schools or changing a certain percentage of staff at those schools . The grants have been criticized by those who say they do n't take into account the realities of rural school districts where it is hard to replace those staff members let go . According to the report , the battle to meet the goal of a 90 % national high school graduation rate by the year 2020 will be won or lost in 13 states that have the largest number of students to get back on track to graduate . Those states are Arizona , Arkansas , California , Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Nevada , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Virginia and Washington . Tennessee and New York are the states that have shown the largest jump in graduation rates since the annual study began in 2002 . To increase high school graduation rates , the report recommends a focus on the middle schools that feed "  dropout factory " high schools so that students begin their high school years with the reading skills needed to complete high school . The Building a Grad Nation report is produced annually by Civic Enterprises , the Everyone Graduates Center at Johns Hopkins University , the America 's Promise Alliance and the Alliance for Excellent Education .	"  Dropout factory " high schools fail to graduate 60 % of students who enter as freshmen Between 2009 and 2010 , the number of such schools fell by 84 , a report says The Grad Nation campaign wants to boost U.S. high school graduation rates
CNN  -- Long before fish swam in Macquariums , hipsters got Apple logo tattoos and thousands camped out for days to get into computer store openings , there was a machine . Danielle Brecker found this 1989 photo of friends on their Macs at Drexel University in Philadelphia . Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the original Macintosh , the first personal computer to draw masses , introduce the mouse and incorporate a graphical user interface , relying on images instead of text . The Apple Inc. watershed product entered American consciousness amid fanfare , with a $ 1.5 million commercial , made by Ridley Scott , wowing audiences during Super Bowl XVIII . The piece 's title , "  1984 , " invoked author George Orwell 's message and stood as a warning against conformity . Two days after the ad ran , the Macintosh became available and life , as people knew it , changed . No longer were computers viewed as toys with which to play primitive games or as untouchable tools reserved for degreed engineers . We began to think different . "  The Macintosh demonstrated that it was possible and profitable to create a machine to be used by millions and millions of people , " said Alex Soojung-Kim Pang , research director for the Institute for the Future , a Palo Alto , California , think tank , and chief force behind "  Making the Macintosh : Technology and Culture in Silicon Valley , " an online historical exhibit . "  The gold standard now for personal electronics is , ` Is it easy enough for my grandmother to use it ? ' People on the Macintosh project were the first people to talk about a product in that way . " Pang , 44 , remembered being "  mesmerized " by the computer when he first saw it up close in his college bookstore . He was n't alone . Read about how iReporters are preserving Mac history For graphic designers like Zoë Korstvedt , now a Los Angeles creative director , the evolving Mac , with each added feature , was ripe with ah-ha moments . To tinker with a piece , play with the text , "  to visualize on your computer was just insane , " she said . "  My colleagues and I wonder how we did it -LSB- their jobs -RSB- before . " No wonder , then , that when Korstvedt , 44 , married her first husband in 1989 , she used half of their wedding money to buy her first home computer : a Mac SE/30 , for which she forked over extra bucks for an upgrade to a whopping 8 megabytes of RAM . Nothing compared to the 12 gigs she now has . "  I was styling , " she said with a laugh . Jeremy Mehrle , 30 , of the St. Louis , Missouri , area is too young to know a world without Macs . This MacAddict began hoarding and tinkering with tossed-out computers , and then he discovered eBay . Today , the motion graphics designer 's 1,400 square-foot basement is a museum to Apple computers , all-white and in gallery-style with about 80 fully-functioning machines on display . "  Some people think it 's really cool . ... Others say ` It 's Jeremy 's thing , it 's a little weird , whatever , ' " he said . "  I think if I had stacks everywhere , and you could n't move in my house , people would be worried . " What 's Mehrle 's hobby , however , became a career for Dan Foust , 38 , of Bloomington , Illinois . "  Danapplemacman , " as he 's known on eBay , makes a living out of buying , and when necessary resuscitating , these computers before hawking them online to customers/collectors in places as far-flung as Italy and Australia . So what would people pay for an original Macintosh ? "  A complete boxed system ? , " he said . "  I ca n't put a price on that . " The extremes to which people have gone in their love and loyalty for Apple  and specifically Macs  knows no bounds . Perhaps no one knows this better than Leander Kahney , news editor at Wired.com and author of Cult of Mac , as well as the more recently published Inside Steve 's Brain . That would be Apple co-founder Steve Jobs ' brain , of course . From his phone in a San Francisco coffee shop , Kahney told tales of people allotting their limited vacation time to Macworld conferences , a man who has traveled to 40 Apple store openings and those who shaved Apple logos into their heads . As for the Apple tattoos , those , at first , really bothered him . "  I 'm a bit of a leftie , " he said . The idea of "  corporate worship " did n't initially sit well with him -- although he 's not afraid to admit his own obsession . "  It 's a very deep relationship people have with their computers . ... If the computer 's not working , it 's more important than the car breaking down . " Speaking of worship , Israeli filmmakers Ron and Kobi Shely created "  MacHEADS : The Movie , " a 50-minute documentary that 'll be available next week on Amazon 's video on demand service and , soon after , on iTunes . The film includes footage from The Church of Mac in Los Angeles , where a preacher and congregants gathered to glorify the computer at a service that ended with , "  Praise Steve . " "  Although we read a lot about the -LSB- Mac -RSB- phenomenon , " Ron Shely said by phone from Tel Aviv of the two-year film project , "  we did n't realize how big this social movement really is . " And that , beyond the products , is what has been so powerful about the Mac brand , said Peter Friess , president of The Tech Museum of Innovation in San Jose , California . iReport.com : Got your own Mac Museum ? Show us ! Steve Jobs "  really has changed the world , " Friess said . "  You hardly find people who changed cultures . He changed culture . " Decades before Jobs ' health became a topic of discussion , Friess was lucky enough to meet the man . At the time , German-born Friess was a lowly watchmaker , repairing clocks in the basement of Munich 's Deutsches Museum , the largest science and technology museum in the world . The year was 1984 , and Friess thought a Macintosh might come in handy , so he called Apple Germany to see if he might be able to get one . The answer , as he recalled it , " ` You 're very lucky . Steve Jobs is in town . We 'll come over and give you one . ' " Ever since , he 's been amazed and exceedingly intrigued by every new computer . "  My wife goes crazy , " Friess , 49 , admitted . "  Every Apple computer I buy , the first thing I do is take it apart , just to see what 's inside . " For Gary Allen , 61 , of Berkeley , California , his interest is less inside than it is outside the company 's stores . He runs ifoAppleStore.com , the first three letters taken from his police dispatch days , meaning "  in front of . " The site 's genesis dates back to 2001 when Apple store No. 9 opened , in Palo Alto , and he and his son went early . Way early -- as in the night before . The crowds , and natural community , grew on Allen , who began seeing new-found friends at other openings . They were like groupies chasing a band . So he started a Web site , to help fans keep in touch , and soon other Apple enthusiasts began writing from across the globe , sharing tips about new stores , as well as testimonies and photos . The site , he said , averages about 4 million visitors a month . Allen , who guessed he 's been to 22 store openings so far , once stood in the rain for days in Tokyo so he could snag the first spot in line . He 's seen old friends at openings in Germany and Italy . Last summer , he and his now 21-year-old son experienced what he called "  the perfect storm , " hitting Boston , Beijing and Sydney . Next stop : Paris . He may not speak the same language as the thousands who surround him in these various cities , but that does n't much matter when people speak the same language of computer love . "  Apple enthusiasts , it turns out , " Allen said , "  are the same wherever you go . "	Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first Macintosh computer Apple launched the Mac in 1984 with Ridley Scott 's landmark Super Bowl XVIII ad Steve Jobs is credited for cult-like worship seen in tattoos , collections , Macquariums Fans flock to Macworld expos , Apple store openings and hoard eBay purchases
CNN  -- After a Boeing 747 Dreamlifter landed at a small airport in Wichita a couple of months ago -- the pilot having mistaken the runway for a much longer and wider one in a similar orientation at a nearby military base -- I made the prediction that it was n't the last time we 'd see such a blunder . I just did n't think it would happen again so soon . But on Sunday , a Southwest 737 crew mistook a runway at a small local airport in Hollister , Missouri , for the much larger runway at nearby , Branson Airport , and landed at the small strip by mistake . To make matters more hair-raising , the 737 touched down on a relatively short runway even for light planes , never mind for airliners . To their credit , the crew members of the Boeing jet got it stopped short of the end of the runway , where an embankment separated it from U.S. Highway 65 , without doing any damage to passengers or the plane . The question arises : "  How did a professionally trained crew manage to screw up so badly ? " The answer is it 's very easy to do . Take the accidental landing of a C-17 at a small Florida airport in 2012 , for example . The crew 's intended airport was MacDill Air Force Base , but it instead touched down the giant jet on the much , much shorter , 100-foot-wide runway a few miles away . Military personnel had to work for hours after the mix-up to lighten the airplane 's load so it could take off from the short strip . The fact is that any pilot with a lot of experience who claims to have never at least lined up to land at a runway other than the intended one is probably fibbing . I 've been flying everything from light propeller planes to big jets for more than 30 years , and I 've aimed for the wrong runway three times and a really big taxiway on a different occasion . The problem is there are two distinct modes of operating an airplane , by reference to the instruments and by visual reference . With very , very few exceptions , every flight ends with the pilot turning off the autopilot  if it was engaged  , taking physical command of the plane through the flight and power controls , "  acquiring " the runway visually and landing . Sometimes that process happens in the last 10 seconds of a flight , sometimes in the last five minutes . It 's that visual acquisition of the landing runway that 's the trap . When pilots see what they believe is the right runway , they 're going to land there unless some big alarm goes off in their head . It 's simply human nature , and pilots are humans . They proceed to disregard the instruments and simply "  hand fly " the airplane to a landing , that is if the co-pilot does n't alert them to the flub . All the while the navigation instruments "  know " the plane is headed to the wrong airport , but the pilots do n't pay attention because in their mind they 've already found the right runway , so why even bother to look at the instruments ? Why do n't more of these wrong airport episodes end in disaster ? It 's luck that most of them do n't . Tragically , there are exceptions . In 2006 , a regional jet took off from the wrong runway in Lexington , Kentucky . The runway was too short and the jet crashed , killing 49 people in the process . Landing at the wrong airport or choosing the wrong runway can be catastrophic . Had the 747 in Wichita tried landing on a runway as short as the one the much smaller 737 touched down on over the weekend , I do n't think it could have stopped in time to avoid going off the end and at the very least wrecking the airplane . Modern airliners have two things going for them â $ " great brakes and powerful reverse thrusters â $ " and in the case of both the 737 and the 747 before it , it was a good thing they did . I was n't there to witness either event , but I 'd be shocked if the smell of superheated brake pads was n't in the air . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Goyer .	Robert Goyer : 2 months after a jet landed on wrong runway , it happened again in Missouri How does crew get it wrong ? If you 've been flying a long time , it 's happened to you , he says He says pilots turn off autopilot just before landing , do n't always see it 's wrong field Goyer : It can be deadly . A saving grace of newer jets : Great brakes , reverse thrusters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Shortly before his death , Sen. Edward M. Kennedy wrote a letter to Pope Benedict XVI asking for the pontiff to pray for him as he struggled with an aggressive form of brain cancer , it was revealed at his graveside service Saturday evening . Members of the Kennedy family gather at the gravesite Saturday evening . Kennedy , the youngest and last-surviving brother of a heralded Kennedy generation , was laid to rest on a hillside at Arlington National Cemetery alongside his slain brothers , the late President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy -- both assassinated more than four decades ago . Cardinal Theodore McCarrick read a recent letter from Kennedy to the pope at the private burial ceremony in Arlington , Virginia . "  I am writing with deep humility to ask that you pray for me as my own health declines , " McCarrick said , quoting from Kennedy 's letter . "  I was diagnosed with brain cancer more than a year ago , and although I continue treatment the disease is taking its toll on me . I am 77 years old , and preparing for the next passage of life , " the cardinal read . Read excerpts from Kennedy 's letter to pontiff The burial service at dusk followed a eulogy by President Barack Obama in Massachusetts , a brief prayer service outside the U.S. Capitol and a procession through the crowd-lined street of Washington 's streets . Among the congressional colleagues greeting the Kennedy family at the Capitol was 91-year-old Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , who has been out of the spotlight lately because of deteriorating health . Watch an overview of the day 's events " Many who had gathered at the Capitol were visibly emotional and wiping tears from their eyes . Some held framed photos of Kennedy , and many held American flags that they waved during a singing of "  America the Beautiful . " The Rev. Daniel Coughlin -- chaplain of the House of Representatives -- said a prayer and addressed the family . "  Here we are to pray with you , offer sympathy and thank you , " he said . "  Thank you for sharing the senator . " Coughlin also noted that Kennedy 's hopes were "  unquenchable , full of immortality . " As Kennedy 's widow , Vicki , went back into the car , she waved to the crowd and mouthed , "  Thank you " as the crowd erupted into applause . The late senator 's son , U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy , addressed those on the steps , saying how his father "  knew that he was only great because he had great people supporting him . " "  He would be very proud to see you all out here today paying a final respect and tribute to his memory , " he said . Earlier Saturday at the funeral in Boston , Massachusetts , Obama hailed Kennedy as "  a champion for those who had none ; the soul of the Democratic Party ; and the lion of the U.S. Senate . " "  He was given the gift of time that his brothers were not , and he used that gift to touch as many lives and right as many wrongs as the years would allow , " the president said . "  We can still hear his voice bellowing through the Senate chamber , face reddened , fist pounding the podium , a veritable force of nature , in support of health care or workers ' rights or civil rights , " Obama said , calling Kennedy "  the greatest legislator of our time . " Watch President Obama 's full eulogy " Kennedy 's son Ted Jr. delivered a tender , personal remembrance of his larger-than-life father . He said his father "  never stopped trying to right wrongs . " Kennedy lived up to the ideals of three older brothers , all of whom died young -- Joseph in World War II , President John and Sen. Robert assassinated -- his son said . "  He answered Uncle Joe 's call to patriotism , Uncle Jack 's call to public service and Bobby 's determination to seek a newer world . "  Unlike them , he lived to be a grandfather , and knowing what my cousins have been through , I feel grateful that I have had my father as long as I did , " Ted Jr. said . "  My father was not perfect , but he believed in redemption , " he said . And he said Kennedy had made light of his failure to become president , despite the weight of expectations on him as a Kennedy . "  I do n't mind not being president , I just mind that someone else is , " he quoted his father as saying , closing his remembrance with a line from Kennedy 's famous 1980 concession speech that ended his presidential ambitions : "  The work goes on , the cause endures , the hope still lives and the dream will never die . " Watch as Ted Kennedy Jr. recalls his dad 's help when he lost his leg as a boy " The funeral began with a hearse bearing Kennedy 's body through Boston rain from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library to Mission Church . A military honor guard carried the coffin through a sea of black umbrellas into the church . Watch as military honor guard carries Kennedy 's casket " People lined the streets of Boston cheering for Kennedy as the service began , despite the rain . Local bars and restaurants were packed with people watching the live coverage on television inside . Former presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Jimmy Carter also came to honor the late legislator , known as the lion of the Senate . Vicki Kennedy accepted condolences from each of the current and former presidents before Holy Communion . The program concluded with an undated quote from Kennedy : "  For all my years in public life , I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all . There is no end to that journey , only the next great voyage . We know the future will outlast all of us , but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make . " Many of Kennedy 's fellow senators past and present came to say a final farewell . Other mourners included Vice President Joe Biden and former Vice Presidents Al Gore and Dan Quayle , all veterans of the Senate , where Kennedy served for 47 years . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , CIA chief Leon Panetta , and several Cabinet members also turned out to pay their respects . Watch as Mass for Kennedy begins " Sen. John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential candidate , chatted with Sen. Chris Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , in the pews before the ceremony began . Honorary pallbearers at the service included Dodd , Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer , Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts -- his party 's 2004 presidential candidate -- and long-time Massachusetts Rep. Ed Markey , also a Democrat . The actual pallbearers were Kennedy children , nieces and nephews . World-renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma performed two pieces during the service , and was joined by the tenor Placido Domingo for one of them . At the graveside service were a number of family members , as well as Vice President Joe Biden . Kennedy 's grave is 95 feet south of his brother Robert 's , which is just steps away from the burial site of another brother , former President John F. Kennedy . A single white , wooden cross will be placed at the head of the grave and a marble footmarker put in place . The footmarker reads : "  Edward Moore Kennedy 1932-2009 . " The setup is identical to Robert Kennedy 's grave , Arlington cemetery spokeswoman Kaitlin Horst told CNN . Kennedy , the patriarch of America 's leading Democratic family for more than 40 years , died at the age of 77 on Tuesday , 15 months after being diagnosed with brain cancer . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , John King and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : In letter to Pope Benedict XVI , Kennedy asked for prayers Sen. Edward M. Kennedy laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery President Obama hailed Kennedy as "  a champion for those who had none "
CNN  -- In an era when shadowy hackers can snatch secret government files and humble big businesses with seeming ease , it 's an unavoidable question as Election Day approaches : When we go to the polls , could our very votes be at risk ? According to voting-security experts , the answer can be boiled down to a bit of campaign-speak : There are reasons for concern and there is work to be done but , by and large , we 're better off now than we were four years ago . "  In general terms , the nation as a whole is moving toward more resilient , more recountable , evidence-based voting systems and that 's a good thing , " said Pamela Smith , president of the Verified Voting Foundation . "  We 're better off than we were a couple of election cycles ago by a long shot and we 're better off than we were in the last election , too . "  We 're seeing improvement , but we 're still seeing immense challenges . " Since there have been elections , there has been tampering with votes . Archaeologists digging in a well discovered a dumped stash of 190 broken pottery shards that appear to have been used by ancient Athenians for a vote in 471 B.C. . But in 2012 , election-security advocates are most worried about the bits and bytes of data stored on the electronic voting machines that millions of Americans will use to cast their ballot . More than 45 million U.S. voters , or one out of every four who go to the polls , will cast a ballot on a machine that stores votes electronically , but does n't create a paper ballot , according to Verified Voting . Six states -- Delaware , Georgia , Louisiana , Maryland , New Jersey and South Carolina -- use those machines exclusively and they 're used by a "  heavy majority " of voters in another five -- including presidential battleground states Pennsylvania and Virginia . Some of these paperless machines are also used in the key states of Ohio , Florida and Colorado , where the presidential race is expected to be close . Hacking the vote : Internet systems remain insecure Paper trails Here 's the problem , advocates say . When there 's no physical ballot , it becomes next to impossible to determine whether there has been tampering , or some other kind of irregularity , in a close election . "  If the election is predicted to be a landslide , and then it is , really the problems we 're concerned about are n't that big a deal , because everyone knows the election went the way it was supposed to , " said Avi Rubin , a professor of computer science at Johns Hopkins University who specializes in computer security . But in cases like 2000 's razor-thin Bush-Gore race , "  a lot of the Democratic supporters felt like the election was stolen from them . That 's a situation you can end up with in a very , very close election , so it 's even more important to have confidence in the election machinery . " That appears to be the case again in 2012 . Most national polls place President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney in a dead heat . Ironically , the electronic machines that experts now worry about began showing up in polling places as a reaction to Florida 's messy 2000 vote count , with its butterfly ballots and dimpled chads . In a nightmare for election officials , that race ended in controversy , with the U.S. Supreme Court halting a manual recount and awarding the state , and the presidency , to George W. Bush . In the wake of that election , federal and state money flowed to update voting systems . Election officials acted quickly -- too quickly , some experts say , to see potential problems . Sandy has election officials scrambling Machine error As cumbersome and unsightly as Florida 's recount was , at least it was a recount . With electronic voting , analysts say that if there 's a question about vote totals , there is little to do other than press "  Enter " again and let the same computer system that counted the votes the first time count them again . "  Spending money on a problem works best for well-understood problems , such as building roads or fixing bridges ... , " reads a recent report from the CalTech/MIT Voting Technology Project , created by the two schools in the wake of the 2000 election . "  Congress gave funds to the states immediately , so the states bought large numbers of voting systems that were then available , before new standards were developed and adopted ; it 's a good example of the maxim denoting precipitous action , ` Ready , fire , aim ! ' " Analysts like Smith and Rubin agree that the first concern with these systems is mechanical failure or human error . They cite cases like a 2006 Florida election , in which electronic machines in one county recorded no vote in a congressional race on 18,000 ballots , even though it was the most high-profile contest on the ticket . Or the 2004 election in North Carolina when an overloaded machine lost 4,500 votes , affecting a race for state agriculture commissioner that was decided by fewer votes than that . "  Imagine how nervous you would be if the only copy of your term paper was on one disc somewhere , " Rubin said . "  Now , we 're talking about a whole bunch of votes sitting on a cartridge somewhere . Even before we worry about tampering , we have to worry about accidental loss . " Vote hacking While there have been no documented cases of foul play , experts say the potential for malicious hacking is very real . "  It would be a simple , high-school level programming project to do something like this , " Rubin said . "  I 've seen the code . A lot of the code has already been seen on the Internet . You could see exactly how to encode a ballot . Someone with a proficient high-school level programming capability would be able to do it . Definitely any experienced programmer could do it . " He said a standard , touchscreen voting machine could have its data changed with $ 20 worth of hardware and a paper clip , a fact that gets more troubling now that expanded early voting has put votes on machines stored in schools , churches and other polling places for weeks before Election Day . As early as 2003 , a team of researchers commissioned by the state of Maryland reported that machines from vendor Diebold were poorly engineered and showed a "  high risk of compromise . " Their findings , as noted by the CalTech/MIT report , included the fact that every one of the company 's voting systems used the exact same "  secret " encryption key . After a wave of negative press , including a 2006 HBO documentary called "  Hacking Democracy " that explored the vulnerability of its electronic voting machines , Diebold removed its name from its voting systems in 2007 and was later bought by another company . Thankfully , critics say , such issues are now being minimized on multiple fronts . However , there are still some concerns in hotly contested states like Ohio . While all machines in Ohio are equipped with printers that create paper ballots , about half the counties in the state use the sort of touchscreen electronic machines that concern observers like Smith . Those machines have been retrofitted with printers , but tampering risks still exist and comparing electronic ballots with separately created paper ones can be confusing , analysts say . More secure ? In the short term , observers like California Institute of Technology political science professor R. Michael Alvarez say elections officials are almost universally aware of the security risks that electronic voting presents . "  There are security issues associated with both the electronic voting machines that are used in polling places , as well as the ballot reading devices . ... In many cases , those kinds of security vulnerabilities are relatively well known at this point , " said Alvarez , whose research includes voting technology . "  Many of them have been studied , although certainly new ones may arise , " he said . "  Over the last four to six years , elections officials throughout the country have tested and really tried to work to better secure those voting systems . " With an eye to the future , elections officials throughout the United States have stopped purchasing machines that do n't create a paper trail , with a return to optical - or digital-scanner machines using paper ballots being the preferred alternative . Some states are retrofitting electronic voting machines with hardware that creates a paper ballot as well . Smith said it has been about seven years since the last significant purchase of electronic-only voting machines in the United States . "  It 's not always the newest , shiniest thing that 's the best thing and , in voting , that tends to be particularly true , " she said . In the meantime , she 's got a simple piece of advice for anyone worried about the security of their ballot . "  The most important thing for voters to keep in mind is that one way to make sure your vote wo n't count is to not show up , " she said . "  Whatever system is presented to you , avail yourself of it . "	Experts say voting security in the U.S. is improving , but there 's work to do About 45 million Americans will cast an electronic ballot with no paper trail "  High-school level " coding skills are all that 's needed to hack a machine Election officials are moving back to paper ballots , but money is a concern
CNN  -- There is a simple message for Michael Schumacher one year on from his devastating accident -- keep fighting . Formula One 's record-breaking , seven-time world champion is continuing his recovery from the severe head injuries he sustained in a skiing crash on 29th December last year . After emergency brain surgery in France and nine months in hospital , Schumacher has been moved to the family home near Lake Geneva in Switzerland to continue his rehabilitation . His close family , including his wife Corinna and two teenage children Gina Marie and Mick , have maintained their silent support by choosing not to release a statement on the anniversary of the accident . Schumacher 's son Mick , who is beginning his own racing career in go-karts , had been among the skiing party when the F1 star fell and hit his head on a rock at the French Alps resort of Meribel . There were expressions of support for Schumacher , however , from the German racer 's global fans and members of the F1 community , Monday . "  It has been one year already ... " wrote Lotus driver Romain Grosjean on Twitter . " #KeepFightingMichael our thoughts are still with you and your family . " Red Bull driver Daniil Kvyat also marked the occasion : " #KeepFightingMichael -- I know you will . " The Mercedes team , who Schumacher drove for between 2010 and 2012 , said : "  One year on , our thoughts remain with Michael , his family and friends every day . " Although 12 months have passed since the accident , speculation about Schumacher 's condition and its rate of progress remains as intense as ever . Former F1 racer Philippe Streiff , who was left paralysed during an F1 testing crash in 1989 , added grist to the rumor mill in an interview with French newspaper Le Parisien , Sunday . The Frenchman claimed Schumacher "  still has not regained the power of speech ... but begins to recognize his own wife and children . " Schumacher 's manager Sabine Kehm dismissed the story , telling the Reuters news agency : "  I can only confirm that I do not know where Mr Streiff has his information from because he has no contact with us and never has . " Given Schumacher 's fame , it is no surprise that public interest in his state of health is unabated . The German , winner of a record 91 grand prix , was known as fearless racer who gave no quarter on track . Fans of "  Schumi " expect him to continue his fight against his injuries with the same inner steel and determination . The difficulty with complex head injuries is that there is no predictable prognosis or timeline for recovery . "  If you look at severe head injury victims who go on to make a good recovery -- and I 'm not saying all do -- it will always be a story of years , " Peter Hamlyn , a consultant neurological and spinal surgeon and expert in the field of head injuries in sport told CNN in June . In the immediate aftermath of the accident , neurosurgeons operated on Schumacher twice to remove blood clots and reduce swelling on his brain before placing him in a medically induced coma . A statement from the family in April said the 45-year-old had shown "  moments of consciousness and awakening . " In June , it was announced he was out of the coma and would continue his recovery at the University hospital in Lausanne . He was moved to the family home in September . The latest statement , issued in September , read : "  Considering the severe injuries he suffered , progress has been made in the past weeks and months . There is still , however , a long and difficult road ahead . "  We ask that the privacy of Michael 's family continue to be respected , and that speculations about his state of health are avoided . " Kehn confirmed to CNN that there was no further update on his medical condition at this time . Schumacher , who won the F1 drivers ' world title with Benetton in 1994 and 1995 before a period of dominance with Ferrari between 2000 and 2004 , will turn 46 on 3rd January . While Schumacher had retired from the sport in 2012 , after a second spell with Mercedes , his accident on the ski slopes still sent shockwaves through F1 . But the global sport 's close-knit traveling community had to cushion more devastating news in October when Jules Bianchi crashed in the late stages of the Japanese Grand Prix . The French racer , driving for the now defunct Marussia team , was left with severe head injuries when his car skidded off track in wet conditions and collided with a recovery vehicle . It was the most serious injury seen in F1 for some years . The last fatalities in F1 were in 1994 when Roland Ratzenberger and three-time world champion Ayrton Senna died on consecutive days at the San Marino Grand Prix . Bianchi , a promising racer who was part of Ferrari 's development academy , is now recovering close to his family home in Nice , France . The 25-year-old was flown from Japan , where he had been treated in a high dependency unit at Yokkaichi hospital . "  Jules is no longer in the artificial coma in which he was placed shortly after the accident , however he is still unconscious , " said the statement released by his parents Philippe and Christine in November . "  He is breathing unaided and his vital signs are stable , but his condition is still classified as ` critical ' . " Bianchi , a popular figure on the current F1 grid , is also being remembered during the festive period . His racing peers Sergio Perez and Kevin Magnussen both tweeted messages of support to Bianchi on Christmas Day . American racer Alexander Rossi wrote : "  As we come to the end of the year , my thoughts and prayers remain with Jules -- teammate , competitor and friend . " As the New Year dawns , Schumacher and Bianchi are both still facing the greatest fights of their lives .	It is one year since Michael Schumacher suffered head injuries in a skiing crash Seven-time F1 world champion continues his rehabilitation at home in Switzerland German 's manager Sabine Kehm says it is still a long road to recovery Current F1 racer Jules Bianchi also recovering from head injuries after Japan GP crash
CNN  -- If a blue-eyed , chisel-cheeked mugshot can make an Internet sensation of a criminal suspect , can the law be far behind ? In this case , it 's a lawman -- specifically , a San Francisco street cop whose in-uniform images are making him a cyber-celebrity with a badge . San Francisco Police Officer Chris Kohrs -- the "  Hot Cop of Castro " to his fans and friends -- became a viral sensation after a stranger created a Facebook page in his honor , nicknaming him after Castro Street , where Kohrs was posted at the time . The Facebook page has received close to 19,000 likes in about three weeks . "  I was out there one day doing traffic control and some guys asked if they could have photos of me and I consented . It kind of went viral from there , " the 36-year-old Kohrs said in a phone interview with CNN . Kohrs ' Facebook page creator Nathan Tatterson told CNN it all started with his friend 's photo of Kohrs sitting on his motorcycle . "  Other people in the neighborhood starting recognizing the ` Hot Cop of Castro ' and started taking and posting their own photos , " said Tatterson . "  Once people started recognizing Officer Kohrs , they started chatting with him and realized that he was n't just a pretty face . He was funny , nice , respectful , with a huge dose of charm and humility . He also clearly loved his job . " User comments ranged from praise  "  One of San Francisco 's Police Finest ! "  to a touch risquÃ ©  "  Crime has increased in the Castro with men of all stripes begging to be arrested and punished on the spot . "  . Kohrs , who has been on the police force for six years , said it was "  all a shock " to him . "  I 've never met the person that created the Facebook page . I 'm not even on Facebook , " he said laughing . His new-found fame follows on the trail of convicted felon Jeremy Meeks , whose mugshot stirred a collective swoon nationwide after authorities in Stockton , California , posted it on social media in June . In his case , Kohrs sees an unintended , broader benefit of the online publicity for one cop on the street . "  It has strengthened the bond between the community and the police , " he says . Kohrs laughs at the suggestion of becoming a model or an actor -- he is dedicated to his job of service as an officer , including responding to 911 calls , and he takes the work seriously . "  We are called upon to respond to some pretty bad situations and although we ca n't reverse what has been done , we can make a bad situation better . We can make the city a better place to live , and I think police officers have a big impact on the health and safety of the community , " he said . "  I 'm real happy here . If it 's going to be this good I 'm going to stay , " he said . His Facebook fan base includes both women and men equally , with the most-repeated questions being whether he is straight or gay , single or married . Straight , single , no kids , he said . And for the record : Kohrs enjoys dining out , watching movies , snowboarding , riding motorcycles , traveling and water skiing .	A Facebook page featuring San Francisco police officer Chris Kohrs is a viral hit "  The Hot Cop of Castro " loves his job and sees a benefit to the unplanned publicity "  It has strengthened the bond between the community and the police , " he says "  I 've never met the person that created the Facebook page . I 'm not even on Facebook "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama said "  a very affectionate thanks " to the people of Illinois in a letter published Sunday in the Chicago Sun-Times and other newspapers across his home state . Obama announced on Thursday that his resignation from the U.S. Senate is official as of Sunday . "  Today , I am ending one journey to begin another , " Obama 's letter said . "  After serving the people of Illinois in the United States Senate -- one of the highest honors and privileges of my life -- I am stepping down as senator to prepare for the responsibilities I will assume as our nation 's next president . " Obama wrote about moving to Illinois two decades ago "  as a young man eager to do my part in building a better America . " "  On the South Side of Chicago , I worked with families who had lost jobs and lost hope when the local steel plant closed . It was n't easy , but we slowly rebuilt those neighborhoods one block at a time , and in the process I received the best education I ever had , " he wrote . Obama followed his years as a community organizer and lawyer with a successful bid for the Illinois state Senate . "  It was in Springfield , in the heartland of America , where I saw all that is America converge -- farmers and teachers , businessmen and laborers , all of them with a story to tell , all of them seeking a seat at the table , all of them clamoring to be heard . It was there that I learned to disagree without being disagreeable ; to seek compromise while holding fast to those principles that can never be compromised , and to always assume the best in people instead of the worst , " his letter said . His letter recalled people he met in his travels around the state during his run for the U.S. Senate four years ago . "  I still remember the young woman in East St. Louis who had the grades , the drive and the will but not the money to go to college . I remember the young men and women I met at VFW halls across the state who serve our nation bravely in Iraq and Afghanistan . And I will never forget the workers in Galesburg who faced the closing of a plant they had given their lives to , who wondered how they would provide health care to their sick children with no job and little savings , " he wrote . Obama said his memories of the people of Illinois "  will stay with me when I go to the White House in January . " "  The challenges we face as a nation are now more numerous and difficult than when I first arrived in Chicago , but I have no doubt that we can meet them . For throughout my years in Illinois , I have heard hope as often as I have heard heartache . Where I have seen struggle , I have seen great strength . And in a state as broad and diverse in background and belief as any in our nation , I have found a spirit of unity and purpose that can steer us through the most troubled waters , " he wrote . Obama then quoted Abraham Lincoln -- "  another son of Illinois " who left for Washington . "  To this place , and the kindness of these people , I owe everything , " he quoted Lincoln as writing about Illinois . "  Today , I feel the same , and like Lincoln , I ask for your support , your prayers , and for us to ` confidently hope that all will yet be well , ' " Obama wrote . His letter concluded : "  With your help , along with the service and sacrifice of Americans across the nation who are hungry for change and ready to bring it about , I have faith that all will in fact be well . And it is with that faith , and the high hopes I have for the enduring power of the American idea , that I offer the people of my beloved home a very affectionate thanks . " Obama 's Senate office will close sometime within two months . His Senate staff will spend that time coordinating with his replacement , advising constituents with open requests , and archiving documents for Obama 's presidential library . Several Illinois Democrats , including Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and Iraq war veteran Tammy Duckworth , a former congressional candidate who now serves in Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's administration , have been mentioned as possible Senate replacements for Obama . Blagojevich , a Democrat who will appoint Obama 's successor , announced last week that he was assembling a panel to look over likely candidates . Obama 's replacement would be up for re-election in 2010 . Vice president-elect Joe Biden , who was also re-elected in Delaware to his Senate seat on November 4 , told an interviewer several weeks ago that he would resign when he 's sworn in as vice president in January .	President-elect Barack Obama thanks Illinois residents as he resigns from Senate In letter , Obama recalled moving to Illinois , people he met during his U.S. Senate run Jesse Jackson Jr. , Tammy Duckworth among names mentioned to fill vacant seat
CNN  -- Very few people outside of comic book store regulars knew what "  Guardians of the Galaxy " was before this past summer , and yet it 's now the biggest movie of 2014 so far . Marvel hopes to continue that astounding success for years to come . So when the studio announced its movie slate through 2019 , there were character names and terms used that might be unfamiliar to a lot of moviegoers . But never fear -- we 're here to explain . ` Captain Marvel ' Set for July 6 , 2018 , the movie about Carol Danvers ' cosmic alter ego caused a lot of excitement on social media , especially among fans who feel that female comic book characters have gotten short shrift on the big screen  something which rival DC Comics recently addressed by announcing a "  Wonder Woman " movie  . Captain Marvel first appeared in the comics in 1968 , sharing the name of a once wildly popular character from the 1940s  which was the subject of a lawsuit with DC in 1952 for his similarities to Superman  . Marvel 's version of Captain Marvel was originally an alien officer , and the name has been transferred to multiple characters over the years . However , Captain Marvel achieved new popularity when Carol  previously Ms. Marvel  assumed the Captain 's mantle . The character has been something of Marvel 's answer to Wonder Woman , so in some ways , it makes sense that she would be the star of its first female-led movie .  The long-rumored "  Black Widow " movie appears to be on hold , at least for now . ` Black Panther ' The first black superhero in mainstream comics appeared in 1966 , and will make his big screen debut on November 3 , 2017 . Chadwick Boseman will portray the character  though he will be seen in the next "  Captain America " movie first  , who hails from the fictional African nation of Wakanda and is chief of the tribes there . In the comics , he has been an on-again , off-again member of the Avengers , and even replaced Daredevil for a brief time . In 2006 , he married the X-Men character Storm . ` Doctor Strange ' Up until now , this is the character we 've heard the most about , especially when it comes to plentiful casting rumors  most recently , Benedict Cumberbatch  . What we know is that the movie is out on November 4 , 2016  delayed from July  , directed by Scott Derrickson . And the doctor title is for real -- he was a neurosurgeon before becoming a sorcerer . Since 1963 , anything involving the occult would eventually lead in the direction of the good doctor .  And check out that incredible cape ! ` The Inhumans ' November 2 , 2018 will see another Marvel movie , not necessarily based on a household name . The Inhumans are actually a race of superhumans  not to be confused with the X-Men  that has a royal family . They 're a society in and of themselves . And it does n't hurt that they can live about 150 years . There 's more than enough material here for what Marvel surely hopes will be a franchise of "  Inhumans " movies . ` Thor : Ragnarok ' Ever wanted to see Chris Hemsworth face off against himself ? Looks like you 'll get your chance in the third "  Thor " movie  which co-stars fan favorite Tom Hiddleston  on July 28 , 2017 . Ragnarok is a cyborg clone of Thor who is up to no good . This will almost certainly put the Superman vs. Clark Kent fight from "  Superman III " to shame . ` Captain America : Civil War ' As long rumored , Robert Downey Jr. will once again reprise his Iron Man role in this "  Captain America " three-quel . 2006 's "  Civil War " is one of the most memorable recent story arcs in Marvel Comics , with Cap and Iron Man coming to blows over the Superhero Registration Act , which requires anyone with powers to register themselves with the government . Tony Stark is all for it , but Steve Rogers , not so much . ` Avengers : Infinity War ' This is the big kahuna , which will take place over two movies , releasing on May 4 , 2018 , and May 3 , 2019 . Marvel promises these two films will bring everything that preceded them to a head . The 1992 comic book story involved many characters of the Marvel Universe , and followed up on a previous story arc setting up Thanos  most recently seen in the "  Guardians of the Galaxy " movie  as one of the big bads of Marvel Comics . This promises to be the big showdown between the Avengers and one of the most powerful villains of all . The next five years will be huge for Marvel fans , no doubt about it .	Marvel has announced its slate of movies through 2019 They include a film featuring the first black superhero One story arc will be spread out over two films
Winter Haven , Florida  CNN  -- It 's a Lego fan 's dream come true : Legoland Florida opens this weekend in central Florida , the first Lego-themed outdoor park in the United States since Legoland California opened in 1999 . Built on the former grounds of Cypress Gardens , one of Florida 's first theme parks , Legoland Florida has preserved much of the historical and natural beauty of its predecessor . Popular in the 1950s and 1960s , Cypress Gardens featured Southern belles in large hoop skirts walking around the carefully manicured grounds greeting guests . Its famous water-ski shows were glamorized in movies and the 1982 music album and video for the Go-Go 's song "  Vacation . " After Disney World opened in 1971 , Cypress Gardens ' attendance started dwindling , and after several attempts to revive the park through new ownership , it closed in 2009 . Legoland officials were thrilled to find Cypress Gardens available , as it 's about an hour drive from Orlando , considered to be the theme park capital of the world . "  We were excited about the actual site , the heritage and history , " said Adrian Jones , Legoland 's general manager . "  We talked about the hairs standing up on the back of our neck in term of the sheer beauty . " There was criticism about Legoland 's choice of Cypress Gardens , a location with a history of failure . "  We knew the problem that Cypress Garden had before , " Jones said . But he said he believes the popularity of Legos and the beauty of the gardens will attract guests -- and , he says , annual pass sales have been strong . Legoland Florida still features a water ski show , this one featuring a Lego pirate , and an elegant Southern belle still greets guests as they enter the park -- but she 's made entirely out of Legos . It took Legoland more than a year to transform the 75-year-old park 's outdated and crumbling buildings and overgrown garden into a modern facility , without removing the historical charm of the cypress trees draped with Spanish moss . This week , annual pass holders were allowed a sneak peek at the 150-acre park before its official opening Saturday . "  Legoland ! Legoland ! " chanted Denise Valletutti , along with her kids Savannah , 8 and Noah , 12 , while their car climbed to the top of Technic Test Track , a roller coaster-like ride . The chants were quickly replaced with screams on the way down . The family skipped school in order to beat the crowds , though they plan to be there on opening day anyway . "  We 'll be back whenever we can , " Valletutti said . Legoland Florida is the largest of the five Legoland parks , located in Denmark , England , Germany , and the United States . Future parks are planned to be built in Malaysia and Dubai . There are also smaller indoor Legoland Discovery Centers around the world , including several U.S. shopping malls . Legoland Florida is geared for kids ages 2 to 12 and features 50 rides as well as Miniland USA , the heart of every Legoland Park . This park 's Miniland USA features Florida destinations in the form of intricate Lego structures , including NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , featuring the space shuttle spewing smoke , ready for takeoff . Designers started building Lego sculptures two years ago , with the help of a computer program that "  Lego-izes " models into a brick pattern for assembly . The larger models are hollow , with a steel frame to keep them strong and stable in the park . But park designer Bill Vollbrecht says there 's nothing special about the Legos they use to construct the models . "  We always use the parts and pieces that are available to kids at home , " said Vollbrecht , who also designed the California park . "  It really shows that this is a real model made out of real bricks that kids can see the pieces and recognize . "	Legoland Florida opens Saturday It 's the second U.S. Legoland outdoor park It was built on the ground of Cypress Gardens , Florida 's first theme park Legoland Florida 's manager is optimistic that the park will succeed
BARCELONA , Spain  CNN  -- We traveled by metro to the Barcelona suburb of Santa Coloma de Gramenet , where the phrase over my dead body takes on a new meaning ; it 's the first town in Spain that has placed solar panels in its municipal cemetery and has been attracting global attention and causing local discussion . Santa Coloma de Gramenet cemetery : Where many rest in peace , some see renewable energy . We could quickly see why the town officials said there was not enough land to put the solar panels on the ground . The town is densely packed with tall apartment buildings for its population of 124,000 people , many of whom commute to work in nearby central Barcelona . From Santa Coloma 's city hall plaza , we took a taxi to the cemetery situated on the town outskirts , and the driver provided the first indication that not everyone approves of solar panels in a final resting place . "  In Spanish culture there 's a lot of respect for the dead . I do n't think people will like this idea , " said taxi driver Juan Nogales , whose grandmother and uncle are buried in the cemetery . He said he did n't even know about the cemetery solar panels , even though town officials had told us earlier that there had been a broad public information campaign to inform residents and solicit their opinions before the solar panels were even installed . The cemetery provided further evidence of the land crunch in town . Few people are actually buried in the ground here . Instead , like in the apartment buildings , the deceased are stacked up in tall mausoleums , rising to five levels . Many Spanish towns have similar cemeteries And where were the solar panels ? It 's true that the solar panels are not easily visible from the ground in many parts of the cemetery , but from up the hill and looking down the photovoltaic panels become readily apparent . Perched atop the mausoleums is a veritable sea of solar panels , connected by cables that channel the electricity into a small transformer station at the top of cemetery hill , which connects to tall electrical towers nearby . We stopped at the tomb of Teresa Grinon , who died in 1985 and rests in the top row of a mausoleum . There are four other tombs directly below her , but directly above her is a large solar panel . Esteve Serret 's family firm is in the cemetery management business . It has the contract to manage the Santa Coloma cemetery -- among others in Spain -- and the idea for the solar panels came from the firm . Serret , a cheerful man who speaks Spanish , English and Catalan said the aim was to put the solar panels discreetly in the cemetery . "  We think it 's important for the cemetery to generate this clean energy , but it 's so important to respect the use , the normal use , of the cemetery , " Serret said . The cemetery florist , Francisca Hans , whose father and grandfather are buried here , perhaps had a bit of graveyard humor as she told us , with a smile . "  Nothing 's going to happen to the dead once they 're here if there are solar panels up above . " We also talked to Natividad Jimenez , a housewife who has two brothers buried in the cemetery . She approves of the solar panels , and said that 's partly because another brother installs solar panels in Valencia . Santa Coloma 's environment councilor , Begona Bellette , told us about the city 's other solar initiatives , on the roofs of schools -- one of which we visited -- and at the library . The town proudly says the United Nations has recognized it in the fight against global warming . But the cemetery has many advantages over the other locations in town for solar panels , Bellette said . "  You have a large surface , with no chance of shadows on it that would reduce the energy production , " Bellette said . The cemetery currently provides enough electricity to power 60 homes , Serret said . There are more solar panels planned for the cemetery , and Serret said a dozen other cities in Spain and Mexico have expressed interest in following their lead and are considering installing solar panels in their own cemeteries . Where many rest in peace , some see a renewable opportunity .	Solar cemetery in town just outside Barcelona the first of its kind in Spain Panels fixed on top of five-storey mausoleum , power 60 homes Relatives of deceased generally have no objections to solar installation
CNN  -- When David Kronmiller wakes up and sits down at his computer in the morning , he usually checks the Huffington Post , the Drudge Report , Politico and the polls on RealClearPolitics . But the day after the election , he realized he did n't need to check those polls . There were n't any . David Kronmiller will focus on writing and filmmaking now that he does n't have election polls to check . "  There is some sadness to that , " said Kronmiller , a North Hollywood , California , resident who frequently contributes his views to iReport.com . Although he supported President-elect Barack Obama since the primaries , the end of the presidential election means he wo n't have a race to follow anymore . "  I expect serious withdrawal , like , tonight or tomorrow , " he said Wednesday . After two intense years of campaign ups and downs for both major U.S. political parties , the nation has finally settled on a president . Although initially , Obama 's victory brings celebrations for supporters , experts say the let-down that voters of each side may feel after the campaign is akin to postpartum depression . "  There 's this run-up : OK , it 's nine months , and then the baby is delivered , " said Rosalind Dorlen , a clinical psychologist in Summit , New Jersey . "  All of the waiting is over , and the focus of the attention is no longer on the pregnant woman , but there 's all kinds of feelings about the loss of the pregnancy . "  Maybe we will have some people who will have post-election depression because they have been expectantly looking forward to this blessed event that they participated in , " she said . Nancy Molitor , a clinical psychologist Wilmette , Illinois , started seeing some post-election despair even before the final results came in . Some of her patients wondered what they would do with their time in the absence of polls and campaign coverage . "  This lady is in her 80s , and she told me she 's never in her life been excited about a campaign as she is about this campaign , and she knows it 's filled this void in her life , " she said . Supporters of the winning candidate may feel as if they are going through withdrawal from a drug , Molitor said . They may also develop anxiety over what will change with the new president or become cynical about anything changing at all . By contrast , someone whose favored candidate lost may go through something similar to grieving : starting with numb disbelief and then moving to anger , sadness and , eventually , recognition of the need to move on , she said . Mourning over a lost campaign resonates with Donna Brazile , a CNN contributor who worked on Al Gore 's campaign in 2000 . In a column for CNN.com , she recalled feeling lost and disillusioned at first , and had no idea what to do with her life . "  It hurts like hell , " she wrote . "  It is like death of someone close to you -- the difference is no corpse or casket to help bring closure , just more election analysis and pundits spewing out what you did wrong . " She advises staff members , volunteers and supporters of candidates who lost on Tuesday to let out their grief : "  Grieve . Mourn . Let it out . " Read Donna Brazile 's ' A letter to the losers ' To combat the letdown of the period after the election , Molitor advises people to put routine back into their lives . Political junkies who lost their sleeping and eating routines should get back on schedule , she said . They should also take part in community activities , such as book clubs or other interest groups . Even supporters of winning and losing candidates may feel a little off for two weeks or more , she said . For some , the excitement will continue for a couple of weeks , until the reality sets in that the candidates they elected wo n't be able to do anything until January , said Jana N. Martin , a licensed psychologist in Long Beach , California . Anyone who feels depressed , hopeless or powerless after the election should realize that they as individuals have the ultimate control over their everyday lives , she said . "  The president is not going to find you a job ; the president is not the one who manages your individual budgets , " she said . "  If people want changes , they can do that in their day-to-day lives . They do n't need a candidate to do that . " Those who feel truly overwhelmed should see a psychologist who can help them think out loud , she said . Aric Butler , a Pennsylvania State University student who supported Sen. John McCain , said he 's not upset that Obama won but does feel a sense of withdrawal . "  I love discussing and debating politics , and now that the election is over it seems like nobody wants to discuss politics anymore , which is very disappointing  in  this short  time  after the election , " he said in a recent e-mail . But for some , the end of the election season brings feelings of relief . Alex Khanye , a student at California State University in Sacramento and a McCain supporter , said Thursday that he feels better now than throughout the campaign because of the bitterness and anger that it sparked in some people . A few weeks ago , when he was at a rally , someone slashed the tires of his car , which had a McCain bumper sticker . "  We had all kind of accepted that Obama was going to win probably , for the last month for so , so it was n't like we were really that hopeful going into the election , so we had come to grips with it , at least I had , " he said . "  I 'm ready for everything to kind of go back to normal . " Others say the end of the election simply means they 'll have more time to focus on other aspects of their life . Adam Sieff , a Columbia University student who supported Obama , said he 'll now have more time to concentrate on schoolwork and maintains that his "  withdrawal " will not be of postpartum proportions . With more free time in the absence of campaign-following , Kronmiller said he 's going to get focused on his own writing and filmmaking . iReport.com : ` Obama won -- now maybe we can move forward ' "  As  Obama  said  Tuesday  night , it 's time to get to work , and get things moving forward again , instead of all this fighting , all this resistance that we 've had , " he said .	Supporters of both winners and losers in the 2008 elections may feel let down Experts : Avid followers may feel depression , grief , withdrawal Some say they 're just ready for the elections to be over iReport.com : What does Obama 's victory mean to you ?
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Romanian opposition leaders called for a series of protests beginning on Thursday to demand the resignation of government leaders and early elections . The opposition leaders met with Prime Minister Emil Boc on Wednesday to discuss the situation Romania is facing , following six days of citizen protests . "  Early elections are the best solution we have to end the protests , " opposition leader Crin Antonescu said . His coalition is asking for a new technocrat government to organize the balloting . Boc said the parliament will decide whether or not the early elections are the best solution for the country . The government and opposition leaders have agreed to hold a special parliamentary session next week . On Tuesday , thousands marched on the streets nationwide , asking for the resignation of President Traian Basescu and early elections . Many are angry over unemployment , which has forced Romanians to go abroad for jobs ; others demonstrated against corruption or small state salaries . The leaders agreed Wednesday on the creation of an economic council of experts , representing the government and the opposition , to find new ways of creating jobs . A small number of people were arrested at the protests in Bucharest , the capital , officials said . Demonstrations took place nationwide under the supervision of thousands of police officers , officials said . No violent incidents were reported . The protests are the most serious since Basescu 's election in 2004 . Over the weekend , protesters blocked traffic in the capital , Bucharest , waving flags with the centers ripped out to symbolize the 1989 revolution . Others carried signs reading "  Liberty " and "  Down with President Basescu . " Protests broke out last Thursday after Raed Arafat , a deputy health minister and opponent of health care changes proposed by the government , resigned . However , Arafat changed his mind on Tuesday , saying he had withdrawn his resignation . He added Basescu called him over the weekend to discuss the matter . Arafat gained popularity after creating what many Romanians see as an efficient medical emergency system . Boc invited trade unions and employers to meet Tuesday on the labor code , but the labor unions refused to participate . After meeting with employers , Boc said the government is focused on creating new jobs for Romanians and providing financial support to those wishing to start businesses . The protests also follow several unpopular measures taken by the government over the past two years . After receiving a loan of 20 billion euros from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union in 2009 , the government cut salaries in the public sector by 25 % a year later to enforce austerity measures recommended by the IMF . The opposition Social Liberal Union has asked Romania 's Constitutional Court to analyze the law merging local and parliamentary elections , which are set to take place in the fall . The law passed after the government received a vote of confidence in parliament in December . The court 's answer was postponed until January 25 .	The opposition is demanding early elections Romania has seen six straight days of citizen protests Tuesday 's protests were mostly peaceful , officials say Romanians are angry about unemployment , austerity measures
CNN  -- Two of Europe 's biggest clubs staged dramatic comebacks on Tuesday as Arsenal rallied from 4-0 down to beat Reading 7-5 in the English League Cup while struggling Italian heavyweights AC Milan drew 2-2 at Palermo in Serie A . The results will have different impacts for both coaches , with manager Arsene Wenger 's position seemingly safe at Arsenal while Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri will continue to face pressure as his side 's indifferent form goes on . In Tuesday 's only top-flight league game in Italy , Palermo led 2-0 shortly after halftime whereupon the under-fire Allegri changed his tactical plan to good effect , switching from his favored 3-5-2 to a 4-2-3-1 while also introducing Bojan Krkic as a substitute . The former Barcelona player had an instant impact , teeing up a goal for Riccardo Montolivo before Stephan El Shaarawy leveled the game 10 minutes from time , with the 20-year-old 's seventh league goal of the season taking him to the top of the scoring charts . The point bought Allegri a little more breathing space as the seven-time European champions moved into the top half of the table , yet they still trail league leaders and old rivals Juventus by 14 points with just a quarter of the season gone . With Allegri 's position under constant scrutiny and club president -- and former Italian Prime Minister -- Silvio Berlusconi having been sentenced to four years in prison for tax evasion , the start to Milan 's season has been anything but easy . Wenger has also been criticized after mixed recent results , and his team -- featuring 11 changes from Saturday 's hard-fought win over lowly Queens Park Rangers -- went 4-0 down after just 37 minutes against another team stuck in the Premier League 's relegation zone . Seconds before halftime , Theo Walcott scored the first goal of a special hat-trick , with his second coming six minutes into stoppage time to force extra-time . The England international 's his 120th-minute goal gave Arsenal a 6-5 lead , which was later extended by Morocco striker Marouane Chamakh 's second of the match . "  The first set is for us , it was a tennis game today , " joked Wenger afterwards . "  There were so many turning points . The goal to make it 4-1 just before halftime was important , as was the miracle goal in the  90th  minute . " Wenger was forced to face disgruntled supporters at a stormy annual general meeting last week , where many fans were unhappy to hear him place qualification for the UEFA Champions League above winning a trophy . The Gunners have failed to pick up any silverware since 2005 but they have now made it into the quarterfinals of the League Cup , on a night when fellow Premier League sides Sunderland , Wigan and Southampton all exited the competition . Meanwhile , Reading became the first team to score five goals in a non-qualifying round of either the League Cup or FA Cup and lose a game . Meanwhile , Spanish league leaders Barcelona began the defense of their Copa del Rey title with a 3-0 victory at third division team Deportivo Alaves . Regular first-teamers David Villa , Andres Iniesta and Cesc Fabregas scored in the first-leg tie , while fellow La Liga side Valencia won 2-0 at Llagostera . German Cup holders Borussia Dortmund reached the third round with a 4-1 win at second division Aalen , while fellow Bundesliga sides Schalke , Freiburg and Mainz also went through .	Arsenal stage stunning rally as they come from 4-0 down to beat Reading 7-5 in League Cup Milan trail 2-0 at Palermo before drawing 2-2 as coach Allegri continues to feel pressure Stephan El Shaarawy 's late strike takes him to top of Serie A scoring charts with 7 goals Barcelona and Dortmund win opening matches of their Spanish and German Cup defenses
CNN  -- As video game technology improves , games are getting quicker , deadlier and more reactive . This , in some cases , is requiring gamers to be faster on the draw , more reflexive in their actions and to be able to act with little time for a thought-out strategy . One gaming genre , however , prefers to slow things down while still maintaining a high degree of action and planning . Turn-based strategy games harken back to the days of playing board games with dice and individualized pieces . But , now , they can use the latest tech to help make the games more immersive and interactive . At Firaxis Games near Baltimore , the company continues to create one of the best turn-based strategy franchises with its "  Civilization " series . Sid Meier , director of creative development , has spearheaded development of the "  Civ " series since 1991 , but he helped found Firaxis with the idea of bringing in others who thrive on the thrill of strategy and creating experiences that test the mind of the gamer . "  I think it is unique to strategy games , " he said . "  I know people have said , ` I 've looked at Civ and it looked complicated so I did n't play it . ' Where a strategy gamer will look at it and say , ` Oooh . It looks complicated . I 'm going to play that . ' " 10-year-long video game creates ` hellish nightmare ' world Strategy board games back in the 1970s and '80s , like "  Blitzkrieg " and "  War in Europe , " were simulation-type games requiring players to spend a lot of time rolling dice to resolve combat or find out different game stats -- weather conditions , civil unrest , troop rally points . Bringing turn-based strategy games to computers allowed all that number crunching to be done quickly and increased the pace of the game . Ed Beach , lead designer for "  Civilization V : Gods & Kings , " designs historical board games in his spare time , but appreciates how turn-based strategy games now create a better experience for the player . "  If the player is just rolling dice to update status and once every 20 minutes he gets to make a decision , that 's horrible , " Beach said . "  Back then , it was kind of cool to see how the simulation worked , but now they want to feel engaged like they are Napoleon . The bar has raised a lot in what they are expecting . " 5 games to watch from Comic-Con Technology has elevated the expectations of players for graphics and artificial intelligence , and made some strategy board game mechanics easier to implement . Meier said there are many concepts that work really well in a computer game , like fog of war -- not being able to see all the pieces on the board until your units are within range of enemy units . "  There is just as much temptation to do too much with the computer game ... , " he said . "  You have to make sure the player feels they 're in control and everything is understandable . " Part of the excitement for designers has been figuring out the best way to create the game experience so that it becomes part of the natural flow of the action . It is also a challenge not to get lost in the glow of creating a really cool weather system , for example , that the player is n't even going to notice , much less enjoy . "  Certainly , it is a place where I 've gotten stuck a few times , thinking about things in terms of how the systems work together instead of thinking , does this even ... matter to the player ? " Jake Solomon , lead designer for "  XCOM : Enemy Unknown , " said . "  In a strategy game , you have an idea of a player experience in your mind . Tweaking these systems , it 's hard to gauge how that 's going to achieve the ideal player experience . " Meier , Solomon and Beach all said they have a passion for the genre and try to create games they would want to play themselves . Despite all the system creations , which they feel are unique to the turn-based genre because of the intricate details demanded by fans , the core goal of any game has to be fun . Meier said there is no checklist they work from to make their games . He said they have also been fortunate to have an involved and vocal fan base for their strategy games , which helps them fine tune their creations to meet the demands of their fans . Beach points out the future of turn-based strategy gaming is already playing out in other casual games like "  Words With Friends , " where players take turns playing a "  Scrabble " - like game with opponents . While watching his daughter play on her phone with her friends , he realized casual gaming is creating a growing audience for the turn-based strategy genre . Is ` Diablo III ' a broken game or just too hard ? "  It is amazing just the connectiveness of everything now , " he said . "  There are absolutely opportunities for strategy games to interact in all new ways and opening up new modes of multiplayer action . " And while the crew at Firaxis is busy working on the next computer strategy game , traditional board strategy games have been making a revival as well . "  The Settlers of Catan , " a game first published in 1995 , has been reappearing on store shelves , and made appearances on the popular CBS sitcom , "  The Big Bang Theory . " Other titles requiring more thought than reflex actions are also drawing interest from gamers , both longtime and casual players . Pong ! Atari marks 40 years of gaming "  There is such a huge audience now for that style of interaction  with turn-based strategy games  , " Beach said . "  It is really an interesting phenomenon . " "  The world is changing , but it 's all good for strategy gamers . "	Turn-based strategy games are reminiscent of board games Firaxis Games ' "  Civilization " series is one of the best turn-based strategy franchises "  Civ V 's " lead designer says the bar is high for these strategy games Games today can be more interactive as people become more connected online
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela is "  in good shape , " the country 's president said Monday , but new images seem to suggest otherwise . In a video released by the South African Broadcasting Corp. , Mandela sits at his home in Johannesburg in a plush beige chair with a pillow supporting his head and a blanket covering his legs . South African President Jacob Zuma sits beside Mandela , who does not appear to engage with reporters or others in the room . At one point , one of Mandela 's grandsons takes a picture . When the flash goes off , Mandela closes his eyes . He is known to be sensitive to flash photography . The 94-year-old , who was South Africa 's first black president , was discharged from the hospital on April 6 . He was admitted in late March and received treatment for a recurring lung infection and pneumonia . "  The doctors gave us a report and , of course , we saw him . He 's looking very good ; he 's in good shape , " Zuma told the SABC . "  We are very happy . We think that he 's fine . " Zuma said he spoke with Mandela and that they shook hands and he smiled . The president 's comments echoed a statement released by the African National Congress . The governing party said that officials are satisfied that Mandela "  is in good health and is receiving the very best medical care . " The video released Monday is the first of the former leader since his birthday in July . Mandela , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , has become increasingly frail over the years . His history of lung problems dates back to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid . He contracted tuberculosis during his imprisonment . He underwent treatment for a lung infection and had surgery to remove gallstones over the Christmas holiday in 2012 , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	New images of the former leader appear to show a frail man Mandela , 94 , was discharged from the hospital this month "  We are very happy . We think that he 's fine , " says the president
CNN  -- The "  West " and the majority of the Muslim world appear to have divergent views on two things about the Syrian civil war : the centrality of the conflict and what constitutes the "  worst case scenario . " For the West , the prospect of al Qaeda or other Islamist militants prevailing is a nightmare . But for many Sunni Muslims , the nightmare is already here . Two years ago , I cautioned that given Syria 's religious , sectarian and ethnic cleavages , and the minority Alawite regime 's preference for brutally suppressing the majority Sunni population rather than placating it by accommodating its Arab Spring-inspired demands for reform , the turmoil there could morph into a protracted war pitting a ruthless dictator against an armed insurrection that could be usurped by Islamist militants . That scenario come to fruition -- but that 's not all . The war in Syria has divided the Arab world , inflamed sectarianism across the Muslim world , revived al Qaeda and even turned into a juncture where the West and the Islamic world went in seemingly opposite directions . Unless the international community recognizes the repercussions of this conflict and makes ending it its top priority , these fissures will continue to deepen , leaving many relationships in tatters and the international institutions mandated to maintain peace looking ineffectual . Faced with such a grim reality , the wide spectrum of players involved in the conflict will continue to resort to violence and to view the conflict through a zero-sum framework that will only add to the suffering of the beleaguered people of Syria . More than 100,000 people have died in the conflict , which has turned millions more into refugees . Assad 's forces have had the temerity to capture their atrocities on camera , and these hours of gut-wrenching footage have proved a treasure-trove for al Qaeda and other Islamist militants . They have capitalized on Assad 's brutality to construct a Jihadist narrative that , unlike other places where Islamist militants had tried to establish a foothold , has resonated with many Muslims around the world . The onslaught against the Sunni majority turned Syria into the favorite destination of militant Islamists worldwide . It has provided al Qaeda , which boasts not one but two affiliates there -- the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham  ISIS  and the al Nusra Front -- an opportunity to rebrand itself and given its recruitment efforts a shot in the arm . While estimates vary , analysts agree that thousands of Muslims from places as varied as Kuwait , Chechnya , Morocco , Belgium , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , France , and even the U.S. have traveled to join the fighting in Syria , and the inflow is continuing . Other individuals have donated thousands of dollars to support the armed opposition which , by all accounts , is slowly becoming dominated by Islamists of varying degrees of militancy . As the secular Free Syrian Army  FSA  continues to be plagued by internal divisions , it is the Islamists who are taking the fight to Assad . Some , especially the al Qaeda affiliates , have even attacked the FSA and driven them out of areas they fought long and hard to control . While regional players like Iran , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Iraq and Hezbollah appear to be treating the conflict as a defining moment in the history of the region that could determine its political trajectory for years , the West , with the US at its helm , seems to be losing interest . Even more worrisome for many in the Middle East , recent reports in the American media suggest U.S. officials are increasingly viewing the prospect of Islamist militants displacing Assad or controlling large swathes of Syrian territory as a "  nightmarish " outcome . Continuing carnage But for many of the roughly 1.3 billion Muslims around the world , especially the majority Sunnis -- estimated to be around 85 % -- exactly who ousts Assad is immaterial . If it is the Islamists , or even the terrorists of al Qaeda , then so be it . To them , the nightmare is what 's happening now ; practically nothing could be worse . Last week , 72 prominent Saudi clerics issued a statement calling on Muslims around the world to support a recently formed Islamist coalition in Syria known as the "  Islamic Front . " The good news is that the Front does not include the two al Qaeda affiliates , and the clerics did not call on Muslims to travel to Syria . However , the characterization of the conflict as a "  Jihad , " or holy war , is a troubling development , given that the Saudi government prohibited its Imams from delivering politically-charged sermons and that its highest religious authority issued an edict enjoining Saudis not to go to Syria , and that doing so would contravene the religious sanctions of Jihad . While it 's not surprising that the war is proving irresistible to hardened militants who have fought in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere , it is disconcerting that it is also attracting recent converts to Islam from the West , underage boys who are traveling without their families ' knowledge and even some women : the case of a Saudi woman who announced her triumphant arrival in Syria on Twitter last week sheds light on the powerful gravitation force of Syria amongst the religiously devout . But it is not only the devout or the militant who are heeding the call . In one video , a militant Saudi who joined the fighting in Syria holds back tears as he proudly boasts that he has encountered "  mujahideen " there who confided in him that they did not know how to pray . In the minds of some Sunni Muslims around the world , the trepidation that the West is voicing over the prospect of Al Qaeda or other militant Islamists coming to power in Syria and the implications of such a scenario for religious and ethnic minorities is read as tacit acquiescence to what they see as a "  genocide " -- a term the usually-reserved Saudi foreign minister has been using lately -- against their Sunni brethren . To them , the West is saying "  better the Sunnis than the minority Christians , Alawites , Shia and Druze . " This perception has already led to a serious rift between Saudi Arabia -- the leader of the Sunni world -- and the U.S. . In a strongly-worded statement explaining why it was declining a coveted two-year seat on the United Nations Security Council a few weeks ago , Saudi Arabia cited the continuing carnage in Syria as one of the main reasons why it felt the international body was not fulfilling its mandate . It also accused the world of standing "  idly " by . These two divergent assessments must be reconciled . The truth is that Assad and al Qaeda are two ugly faces of the same coin . The sooner the international community realizes that , the sooner the only viable option becomes clear : both of them have to go . Read more : Polio threat stalks Syrian refugees in Lebanon Read more : U.N. confirms use of chemical weapons in Syria Read more : Islamic Front deals blow to Syria 's rebel alliance The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fahad Nazer .	Prospect of al Qaeda or other militants prevailing in Syria is a nightmare for West But Fahad Nazer says for many Sunni Muslims , the nightmare is already here Attacks on Sunni majority have turned Syria into favorite destination for militants : Nazer Assad and al Qaeda are two ugly faces of same coin , he says -- both must go
CNN  -- The music of Hugh Masekela is the sound of South Africa . In a career that has spanned more than 50 years his songs have expressed both joy and indignation , exploring themes of inequality and hardship , protest and hope . Hugh Masekela , still an inspiration . More than just an inspirational musician , Masekela was an inspirational campaigner against apartheid and is now helping to build a new South Africa . Masekela was born on 4 April 1939 , in Witbank , South Africa . He started playing the piano when he was six , but seeing Kirk Douglas play a jazz trumpeter in the movie "  Young Man with a Horn " inspired him to switch instruments . When he was 14 , he was given his first trumpet by the chaplain at his school , renowned anti-apartheid campaigner Trevor Huddleston . Within six months Masekela got together with some school mates to form the Huddleston Jazz Band . He went on to join Alfred Herbert 's African Jazz Revue and the Jazz Epsitles , and played in the orchestra for the hugely successful South African musical "  King Kong , " whose cast included his future wife , legendary singer Miriam Makeba . Watch Hugh Masekela take CNN on a tour of Johannesburg " . But South Africa 's apartheid laws were making life increasingly difficult . After recording their first record Masekela and The Jazz Epistles were primed for a national tour , but after the Sharpeville Massacre of 1960 the government banned gatherings of more than 10 people , so the tour had to be abandoned . Masekela was determined to further his musical education and moved to London in 1960 , studying at the Guildhall School of Music , before leaving for New York , enrolling in the Manhattan School of Music and immersing himself in the city 's buzzing jazz scene . After finishing his studies Masekela planned to return to South Africa to teach music , but he found himself cut off from his homeland . "  When I was ready to come back , I could n't . The place -LSB- South Africa -RSB- was impenetrable , " he told CNN . "  By then Mandela had been sentenced to life imprisonment . So I stayed 26 years longer than I planned to . " Resigned to living in the U.S. , Masekela began making a name for himself as a musician , fusing jazz , Latin , African and pop influences in a style all of his own . In 1968 he recorded the breezy instrumental pop tune "  Grazin ' in the Grass , " which gave him a surprise number one hit and became the best-known song of his career . In the 70s he began to divide his time between the U.S. and Africa , living in Guinea , Liberia and Ghana . Incorporating more African influences in his music , he went on to record classics such as "  Home is Where the Music is , " "  Stimela " and "  Soweto Blues . " See Hugh 's career in photos . " In Botswana he started a music school and set up a mobile recording studio . Nelson Mandela heard about the projects and sent Masekela a birthday message telling him to "  keep up the good work . " Masekela was so moved that he immediately wrote "  Bring back Nelson Mandela , " which became an anthem for the anti-apartheid movement . But his vocal opposition to apartheid made him a potential target for South African security forces and he was forced to leave Botswana for London . It was there that he co-wrote the music for hit Broadway musical "  Sarafina ! " Masekela went on to play with Paul Simon on his Graceland tour , along with other South African artists including Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Miriam Makeba . It was n't until 1990 , following the release of Nelson Mandela , that Masekela was finally able to move back to his beloved South Africa . "  It was great , but it was also a tense time coming back to South Africa , " he told CNN . "  It was a time of real turmoil . There were no-go places in the townships , there was sniping , there were major clashes and it was a time when civil war was threatening . " Since moving back to Johannesburg , Masekela has continued to record platinum-selling albums and has toured all over the world , but he is also heavily involved in helping his homeland fulfill its potential . Having himself struggled with alcohol and drug abuse in his younger years , Masekela now supports drug-rehabilitation project the Musicians and Artists Assistance Program of South Africa . Another of his projects is to help black Africans own a stake in the country 's media outlets . He recently told Al Jazeera , "  TV , broadcasting , manufacturing , management and publishing should be owned by Africans . Until that happens we wo n't be able to project ourselves , we 'll always project from the perspective of those who have exploited us . " The struggle against apartheid may be over but Masekela is still fighting inequality and hardship , and at 70 , he is still a source of inspiration and hope .	Musician Hugh Masekela was an inspirational campaigner against apartheid He left South Africa in 1960 to go to music school in London and New York His hit songs included Grazin ' in the Grass " and "  Bring back Nelson Mandela " He returned to Jo ` burg in 1990 and continues to record and tour the world
Tests on the long-lost skeleton of Richard III reveal the medieval monarch had a taste for rich foods such as peacock , heron and swan , and that his liking for the finer things in life -- including wine -- increased significantly after he became the king of England . Scientists at the British Geological Survey measured the levels of isotopes including oxygen , strontium , nitrogen and carbon in the remains of Richard III , found buried beneath a parking lot in the English city of Leicester in 2012 . In a paper published in the Journal of Archaeological Sciences , they say the tests can reveal clues as to where a person lived , and what they ate and drank , allowing experts "  to reconstruct the life history " of the last Plantagenet king . READ MORE : King Richard III 's grave opens to the public Isotope geochemist Angela Lamb , who led the study , said two teeth -- a molar and premolar -- and two bones -- a rib and femur -- were analyzed because each held different information and could offer a variety of clues to Richard III 's life . "  The teeth develop in childhood and do n't change , so from them we can get information about a person 's early years , " she told CNN . "  Bones are different ; they remodel and repair themselves through life -- if you break a bone , for example , it can heal . The femur is dense and slow-growing , so it can tell us about the last 10 to 15 years of a person 's life , whereas the rib bone is much more spongy and regenerates much more quickly , so it can reveal information about the last two to three years . " High-protein diet This is key in the case of Richard III , since he became king just 26 months before his death at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 -- and analysis suggests his diet changed markedly in the few short years after he was crowned . Medieval aristocrats are known to have eaten high-protein diets full of freshwater fish and wildfowl , in part because of religious observances that called for "  meat-free " fasting for up to a third of the year . Fish and wildfowl -- birds such as heron , swan and egret -- were not considered meat . "  Obviously , Richard was a nobleman beforehand , and so his diet would be reasonably rich already , " explained Lamb . "  But once he became king we would expect him to be wining and dining more , banqueting more . Food was a real mark of status in the medieval period . "  We have the menu from his coronation banquet and it was very elaborate -- lots of wildfowl , including real ` delicacies ' such as peacock and swan , and fish -- carp , pike and so on , which were cultivated in special fishponds . " Scientific analysis Matching up historic records from the king 's lifetime with brand new scientific data harvested from his remains has offered experts a unique opportunity to "  cross-check " what is already known about his life and times . As Richard Buckley , the University of Leicester archaeologist in charge of the dig which uncovered the king 's remains , explained : "  It is very rare indeed in archaeology to be able to identify a named individual with precise dates and a documented life . "  This has enabled stable-isotope analysis to show how his environment changed at different times and , perhaps most significantly , identified marked changes in his diet when he became king in 1483 . " Isotope analysis backs up many of the records of Richard 's life -- that he was born in eastern England but spent part of his childhood in western Britain . And knowing where he lived , from ancient documents , allowed the experts to learn something new about isotope analysis . "  By looking at the levels of oxygen isotopes , we can tell where a person lived , because the oxygen comes from the drinking water that they consumed , " said Lamb . "  In this case , the isotopes suggested that -LSB- towards the end of his life -RSB- Richard was living in the extreme southwest of Britain , but we know from the records that this is n't the case , so we had to look for another explanation . " Wine habit Given the discoveries they had already made about Richard 's extravagant diet , they began to wonder if the discrepancy in oxygen isotopes pointed to the fact he was drinking something other than water . Brewing water into ale is known to alter isotope levels , but beer was not a high-status drink in the medieval era . "  We needed something that would tie in with the luxury food he would have been eating , " said Lamb . "  Back then wine was very much the preserve of the upper classes -- it was imported , expensive and only the very wealthy could afford it . " By carrying out tests with modern equivalents , the scientists were able to conclude that Richard drank up to a bottle of wine a day -- and to work out , for the first time , that wine consumption affects oxygen isotope levels . "  It is fascinating , " said Lamb . "  We use these techniques all the time , but we are never able to ` cross-check ' them , and it is only his which enabled us to figure it out . " READ MORE : Richard III 's spine was twisted , not hunched READ MORE : Scientists to sequence Richard III 's genome	Tests on skeleton of Richard III , a king of England , reveal a liking for the finer things in life The remains of the monarch , who ruled for 2 years before he was killed , were found in 2012 Medieval aristocrats are known to have eaten high-protein diets Tests also revealed that Richard III had a taste for wine -- perhaps a bottle a day
CNN  -- When my parents bought their first mobile phones about 10 years ago , I did n't think they 'd ever get the hang of using them . Mom would answer my call from the front of the line at Starbucks and say , "  Hello darling , yes I 'll take the tall thanks , what is it , James do you have any cash ? " all in one breath . My favorite were the random , cryptic one-word text messages like "  I " or "  soon " or "  shirtt . " But things have changed . These days mom sends texts saying : "  Video chat in 5 ? "  insert smiley face  . Of course it 's not me she wants to see in the chat window on her computer screen . It 's my 2-year-old daughter , Kylie . Video chats have become routine when my parents are at their home in Maryland . Dad will pick up colorful objects -- a Buzz Lightyear figurine , a sombrero , a bird feeder -- and move them toward his laptop 's tiny camera lens , making Kylie squeal or say , "  What 's that funny thing , Granddad ? " And mom will hold up an outfit she bought for her granddaughter to see if it meets our approval  it usually does  . My in-laws are slowly getting into it , too . Unable to attend Kylie 's first birthday party , they watched us from laptops we set up on top of bookshelves . From their homes in Victoria , British Columbia , and the remote Pender Island , they watched Kylie slap her teeny hand into her cake 's white frosting as everyone sang happy birthday . Every now and then , we 'd look up and wave or raise a glass of champagne . Becoming grandparents is n't the sole reason my parents have become technically savvy -- mom had a Kindle before Kylie came along -- but it has likely sped things up . They were quick to take on Google + Hangouts when my husband  who , full disclosure , works for Google  suggested it as an easier option for us to chat face to face online . They now school their fellow baby boomer pals in London and Australia on how to use it , to varying degrees of success . And mom is now more adept at navigating Apple TV than I am -- when she 's babysitting Kylie and a request  read : demand  comes down for the YouTube rendition of "  Twinkle Twinkle " featuring the little owl , mom will bring it up on the TV screen quicker than you can say , "  Holy diaper rash . " Mind you , Kylie is figuring all this out just as quickly . She knows that slamming a laptop shut concludes a chat she deems to be getting dull -- adorable when you 're in the room with her , not so funny if you 've been hung up on . For grandparents who are online -- and a recent Pew study suggests 53 % of American adults over 65 are , with one in three of those seniors using social networks -- living apart from grandkids does n't mean never seeing them . Margie Tucker , 62 , of Voorhees , New Jersey , says she feared she and her husband , Steven , would be strangers to their 4-year-old grandson because he lives in Denver . So she got into Skype . "  My family would laugh at me , because when  my grandson  was just beginning to move around , I was happy just to sit and watch him without any dialogue going on , " Tucker says . "  We 've watched him learn to ride his bike , play ball , learn to write his name , play with his trucks . ... We often eat together , although they are two hours behind us . " And let 's not forget the wonders of virtual babysitting . "  My daughter is a single mom , so I have even kept  my grandson  ` occupied ' for a few minutes while she got dinner started or put a load of laundry in , " Tucker says . "  I like my iPad because it 's so portable and easy to use . I have shown him an interesting bug on our deck , what the new carpet looks like , and how high the snow is at our house . My own kids were raised with long-distance grandparents , and there is little comparison to the advantages we have now . " Kathryn Barker , 65 , from Redding , California , is active on Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , Instagram and has her own blogging website . And in spite of her initial reluctance , she 's taken to texting as a way to stay in touch with two of her out-of-town grandchildren , who are 8 and 10 . "  I can not quite get the hang of abbreviating words , and incorrect punctuation is difficult for me to ignore , " she says . "  But I am giving in to not capitalizing words . My thumb dexterity is still lacking . " Barker has also tried Facetime for video calls and notes that her grandchildren never comment on her tech willingness . Likely , she says , they expect everyone to know as much as they do or more . "  I think I 'm just your average grandma in awe of the ease with which these kids have transcended a world I came to know later in life . " I sometimes wonder if it 's odd for my parents to see their granddaughter expertly scroll through photos on my iPhone with her miniature finger . After all , it freaks me out . While the Internet has held my hand through my adult life , my childhood was devoid of doodads  unless you count the portable Pac-Man console my brother and I used to fight over  . Lance Ulanoff , editor-in-chief at Mashable.com , refers to the key generation in technological proliferation as "  digital natives . " "  These are the people who over the next five years will enter adulthood , who know nothing but the digital experience , " he says . "  It 's completely natural for them to share everything . It 's natural for them to expect whatever they can see on a big screen they can see on a small screen , to have access to every bit of information they need in the palm of their hands . They do n't even imagine anything other than that . Those are the people that are going to transform society . " For now then , grandkids and parents would do well to take advantage of something the baby boomers still seem to hold dear -- balance . While they might embrace technology to stay in the mix and because they enjoy it , they 're also big fans of powering down . Tucker says she still occasionally writes letters on paper to post to her grandson in Denver and visits whenever she and her husband can . And when my parents are spending time in New York , they bring Kylie Play-Doh , crayons and books . Granddad takes her to the park and pushes her on the swing , her hair blowing in 10 different directions . You know ... stuff that does n't require an on-off switch . Has having grandchildren spurred you to improve your grasp of new technology ? Share your experience in the comments section below .	Becoming grandparents can urge baby boomers to adopt new technology Pew study finds 53 % of American adults over 65 are online A balance between traditional means of communication and newer methods can be key
CNN  -- Former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky will appeal his convictions on numerous counts of child sexual abuse , a member of his defense team says . After a trial that featured emotional and often graphic testimony from eight of Sandusky 's victims , jurors late Friday convicted him of 45 of the 48 sexual abuse counts he faced , involving a total of 10 victims . Painful chapter closes with Sandusky conviction The eight victims who testified , now young men , said that they were boys when Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts with him . The acts occurred , they said , in showers in Penn State 's athletic facilities ; hotel rooms ; and the basement of Sandusky 's home , among other places . The abuse spanned more than 15 years . Praise for victims , jurors after Sandusky verdict After being found guilty , Sandusky , 68 , was taken immediately to the jail in Centre County , Pennsylvania . Judge John Cleland said Friday he will be sentenced in about 90 days . He likely will be sentenced to serve the rest of his life behind bars . iReport : Share your reaction Sandusky 's defense team plans to file a motion for appeal , claiming he had ineffective counsel , defense attorney Karl Rominger said Sunday . Under Pennsylvania law , that motion can not be filed until after sentencing . If Cleland agrees to a hearing on the motion , lead defense attorney Joe Amendola would step aside and appear as a witness , the attorney said . Rominger said either he or another attorney would argue the motion . The appellate claim will be based on Amendola 's "  talking to the media , " Rominger said . And a linchpin of the appeal will be prosecutor Joe McGettigan 's statements during his closing argument , when he told jurors that Sandusky could have proclaimed his innocence during an interview with NBC 's Bob Costas . That violates Sandusky 's right to post-arrest trial silence , Rominger said . Rominger said he will ask Cleland to sentence Sandusky to serve concurrent sentences , with the maximum being 20 years . At the very least , he said , he hopes to get Cleland to acknowledge the good works Sandusky has done in his life . Sandusky has a right to speak during sentencing , something Rominger said will be discussed in the coming weeks . Rominger said on Saturday that he and Amendola attempted to withdraw from the case before the trial , telling Cleland the day before jury selection began that they did not feel adequately prepared and that it would be "  unethical " for them to move forward . Cleland denied their request , he said . Rominger said he did not mention the issue earlier because a gag order was in place . Sandusky 's pastor addresses conviction from pulpit If Cleland denies the appeal motion , it would be likely to become part of a broader appeal , Rominger said . Ineffective counsel is a common appeal tactic , but a broader appeal may cite other reasons as well . "  If you win on one of the appeal issues , everything probably falls , " Amendola said last week . "  All we have to do is convince an appellate court that one of the issues we will raise is worthy of a reversal . " Rominger earlier pointed to "  a lot of unique legal issues where  Cleland  made rulings that could be overturned -- not because they were , per se , wrong , but because the law in the area was so unclear . " Asked about the appeal Monday , Nils Frederiksen , spokesman for the Pennsylvania attorney general 's office , said , "  We 're not going to fight the appellate process with press releases . We 're confident that everything in the trial was handled appropriately . " Rominger acknowledged Sunday an appeal may present a tough challenge , as attorneys would have to prove they have significant evidence that could have altered the trial 's outcome . And Cleland could easily rule that evidence presented at trial was so overwhelming -- the victims ' testimony , for instance -- that it would not have changed the end result , Rominger said . Despite widespread speculation , Sandusky did not take the stand in his own defense . Amendola said after the verdict that decision was made because Sandusky 's adopted son , Matt , was prepared to testify as a rebuttal witness that he , too , was sexually abused by Sandusky . As of Saturday , Sandusky was on what is commonly called suicide watch , Rominger said . That was not an indication that Sandusky is suicidal , he added , but Cleland and the jail warden just wanted "  to put the precautions in place first and then evaluate later . " The former coach will be classified at Pennsylvania 's Camp Hill diagnostic facility before he is likely sent to a sex offender unit in the state prison system , Rominger said . If he is sentenced to more than two years , the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections would determine the prison where he would serve his time . Sex abusers prey on kids ' trust , experts say Beyond the appeals process , Sandusky could face more charges , perhaps tied to claims made by his adopted son or related to alleged sexual abuse that took place outside Centre County -- including in hotel rooms in Texas and Florida , where some accusers say they accompanied him to Penn State bowl games . The university itself also still faces fallout from the case , which shook Penn State and raised questions about its response to the abuse allegations . Two former administrators -- Vice President Gary Schultz and Athletic Director Tim Curley -- are awaiting trial on charges of perjury and failing to report abuse . Prosecutors said the two did not notify police after former graduate student and football assistant Mike McQueary told them he saw Sandusky sodomizing a boy in a Penn State shower in 2001 . Authorities did n't learn about McQueary 's account until years later . It led to the ouster of iconic head football coach Joe Paterno and university President Graham Spanier . Paterno died shortly afterward of lung cancer . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal In addition to the testimony from McQueary and a former janitor at Penn State , several victims said they were repeatedly molested on university property . How the Sandusky case unfolded In a statement released Friday night after the verdict , the school signaled it wants to seek resolution -- hinting that might include a financial settlement -- with the victims . "  The university wants to provide a forum where the university can privately , expeditiously and fairly address the victims ' concerns and compensate them for claims relating to the university , " the statement said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Jerry Sandusky will claim he had ineffective counsel , an attorney says The defense attorneys say they asked to withdraw before the trial began A jury convicted Sandusky on 45 counts relating to child sexual abuse He will be sentenced in about 90 days , attorneys say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Gregory Maguire absently cleans his glasses with his tie as he talks about pushing someone down the stairs . "  I use children 's stories as kind of a snare and temptation and illusion to draw in readers , " Gregory Maguire says . "  I wonder if you 've ever stood at the top of the stairs behind someone who 's really annoying and just imagined putting your foot out and planting your boot in somebody 's objectionable behind ? " he asks . "  You know , I think that thought is a fairly common human thought . " Maybe for the author of "  Wicked , " who looks more like a college English professor than someone who spends his days writing about the world of Oz . Maguire often imagines evil , and how those without self-control respond to it . Maguire 's "  Wicked " series puts a spin on the classic "  The Wonderful Wizard of Oz " tale , bringing in corruption , political prisoners and war . His first book , "  Wicked , " has sold more than 2.5 million copies , and the musical based on the book reportedly has been seen by more than 3.75 million people in New York alone . National tours have been huge successes . Maguire 's newest book in the series , "  A Lion Among Men , " tells the story of the Cowardly Lion -- the motherless cub defended by Elphaba in "  Wicked . " Watch Maguire roar about "  Lion " " CNN talked to Maguire about the book 's main character , his life before "  Wicked " and why he has never written realistic adult fiction . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : To someone who 's never read your books before , how would you describe your style ? Gregory Maguire : I would describe -LSB- my books -RSB- as being , not quite allegories , but commentaries on contemporary society -- and indeed politics to some extent -- enshrouded in , and disguised by , the guise of children 's stories . In other words , I use children 's stories as kind of a snare and temptation and illusion to draw in readers who say this is going to be easy ... and it 's going to be fun . And indeed I hope it is fun . But once I get people involved in the plot , I hope to also communicate some of the questions I have about the way we live our lives in the 21st century . CNN : Talk to me about Brrr . What 's his personality like ? What is he going through ? Maguire : Well , Brrr is the name that I 've given to the cowardly lion who is the main character -- the protagonist -- in this novel called "  A Lion Among Men . " And I gave him that name for two reasons : One , because it does sound like a shiver , and he is always slightly spooked by the world ; and the second reason , because the two letters in it B-r-r-r are both letters from the name of Bert Lahr , who played the Cowardly Lion so famously in the 1939 MGM film . His character arises in the hollow space in our perceptions between that giant roaring lion at the MGM logo ... the ideal lion , and the kind of sad , sacked , out of work , vaudeville performer in lion pajamas that we see when Dorothy actually runs into the lion on the Yellow Brick Road . In other words , there 's a huge disconnect between the image we project of ourselves -- the best we might ever hope to possibly be -- and the way we feel about ourselves at our absolute worst -- when we 're the most down in the dumps . There 's a huge space in between there . So the novel 's really in some ways about character and taking control of the destiny of your own character . CNN : Everyone knows of your success with "  Wicked " -- it 's huge . But what was your life like before you wrote that book ? Maguire : I had written children 's books for 14 years before I published "  Wicked . " And none of them were poorly reviewed , and none of them sold enough for me to be able to buy a bed . I was the traditional artist in the garret , expecting to live that way or maybe to give up writing soon because I would eventually have to get a job that was going to pay me some kind of retirement package . Silly thought , that , these days . CNN : You often take the point of view of the "  wicked " or "  evil " characters in your books . How do you get inside their heads ? Maguire : Well , I like to think I 'm a pretty good-natured guy and pretty civil and probably not ever truly guilty in any serious way of any legal infractions . But I do seem to have an unconscionable , easy time of thinking about how people might do wrong , of what they might feel like and how they might behave if they had less self-control than I do . And then also , how they would have to deal with the weight of being called evil . If everyone was always calling you a bad name , how much of that would you internalize ? How much of that would you say , all right , go ahead , I 'll be everything that you call me because I have no capacity to change your minds anyway so why bother . By whose standards should I live ? In a way , all three of my adult books come down to that question -- by whose standards should I live ? Can I find my own standards ? Can I recognize them ? Can I value them if I can name them ? And are they good enough , are they strong enough , standards by which to live ? CNN : You talked about writing children 's books . How is writing for children different than writing for adults ? Maguire : Well , for one thing children are intensely more impatient than adults . So you have to start out active , you have to start out strong and you can not be , for a moment , self-indulgent . Everything has to be a sound bite or something that the children can visualize as if they 're running a little Super 8 projector in their mind . Now I date myself with ancient technology , but you know what I mean ... write the scene that you want Steven Spielberg to film , which means every sentence has to give us something to see . Make it intensely visual and this is , I think , the main rule for writing for children . But in no way do I make it less thoughtful . I just actually have to work harder . Writing for children is like the difference between writing a sonnet and writing a gossip column . I mean you have a lot more restrictions so you have to work a lot harder . I 'm not saying that a gossip column ca n't be intensely rewarding , but I dare say it 's easier to write . CNN : Have you ever considered writing anything that 's not magical , or more real life ? Maguire : I have , but I never seem to get very far . In a way , and I do n't mean to talk myself down , but sometimes I look at the mysteries of other people and I think , "  How do I know if they think anything like I think ? " I can only guess who you might be . You might see the world in a whole different range of colors than I do . You might be super sensitive to nuances of body language or music or ... I just do n't know . So I always feel when I try to write realistic fiction for adults , that maybe I do n't have enough life experience , even though I 'm 54 . I 'm not sure I trust it . But when I write something that has a magic base to it , I put in everything I do know about the infinite varieties and subtleties and ambivalences in adult behavior , but nobody can call me out and say , "  You do n't even know who human beings are " because I 've couched it . I suppose it 's a kind of safety net for myself , or a security blanket . If I 'm writing magic , nobody can say I got it wrong because we all know magic does n't exist .	Gregory Maguire 's new book , "  A Lion Among Men , " is about the Cowardly Lion Maguire wrote children 's books for 14 years before writing "  Wicked " "  Wicked " has sold more than 2.5 million copies New novel is about "  taking control of the destiny of your own character , " Maguire says
CNN  Lynsey Addario was five months pregnant and taking photos of skeletal children in the Horn of Africa , when she felt her own baby kicking for the first time . "  He came to life as a little person inside me as I entered Somalia , the land ridden with death , " writes the Pulitzer Prize-winning photojournalist , of an assignment covering drought victims in 2011 . In Addario 's line of work , death -- and new life -- abound . Since the mid-1990s , she has covered the Taliban in Afghanistan , the war in Iraq , the Syrian refugee crisis , and countless more conflicts for media outlets including Getty Images , The New York Times , and National Geographic . Her spectacular and deeply intimate images shine a light on places few would dare to travel , and are now gathered together for the first time in a vivid memoir called "  It 's what I do : A photographer 's life of love and war . " The pictures of malnourished toddlers in Somalia that day came as Addario was coming to terms with her own pregnancy . Until he started kicking inside of her , the 41-year-old had only ever thought of unborn son Lukas as a "  pea " or "  avocado pit . " This was an entirely new jolt of reality for the tenacious American photographer -- "  Before Lukas , you know I did n't really think about my mortality , " she told CNN . "  Becoming a mother has n't necessarily changed how I shoot , but it certainly has made me more sensitive , and it certainly makes it much harder for me to photograph dying children , " she said , her voice warm and raspy over the phone from New York . That 's not to say Addario has stepped away from the action since having a child with husband and former Reuters journalist Paul de Bendern ; the family now based in London . After all , this is the same woman who covered a prisoner exchange in the Gaza Strip , while seven months pregnant with her first child , and less than a year after being kidnapped in Libya . She still goes into war zones , though these days tries to stay away from the front line . "  I always knew my death would be a possible consequence of the work I do . But for me it was a price I was willing to pay because this is what I believed in , " she said . "  Now I think ` OK , I want to cover that story , but how can I do it in a way that I can get home to Lukas ? " Motherhood is n't the only thing that 's changed the stakes on the battlefield . Last month ISIS released a video showing the beheading of Japanese film-maker Kenji Goto -- the latest in a string of gruesome journalist deaths throughout 2014 . This is a dangerous new era for war correspondents in the Middle East , says Addario , who went undercover documenting the lives of women under Taliban rule well before 9/11 even happened . When the Twin Towers fell , Addario was one of the few journalists to have an insider 's knowledge of working in Afghanistan , and throughout the decade made a name for herself as one of the most accomplished reporters in the region . "  When I first started out I really felt like : ` I 'm a journalist , I will be respected as a neutral observer , " she said . "  And I do n't feel like that holds true anymore . I do n't think people respect journalists the same way they once did . " "  In fact , we are a target because there 's a bounty on our heads . ISIS can make a huge amount of money from journalists , though there are some countries who do not pay ransom like the U.S. or the UK . " Addario knows that danger first hand . In 2011 , she and three other New York Times journalists were kidnapped by pro-Qaddafi soldiers in Libya , and over several horrifying days were bound , punched and groped , before being released . She describes being blindfolded while one of her captors "  caressed my face like a lover , " repeating the same Arabic phrase over and over . "  Slowly he ran his hands over my hair and spoke to me in a slow , steady voice , " Addario writes in her memoir . "  What is he saying , Anthony ? " she asked one of her fellow captives . "  Anthony took his time in answering . ` He 's telling you that you will die tonight . ' " Addario not only lived through the ordeal -- within months she was back working in Senegal , Saudi Arabia , and Afghanistan . If her experience in Libya did n't put her off -- what would ? "  I 'm at the point where I 've been kidnapped twice , two of my drivers have died , I 've lost so many friends , and every time something happens it does set me back a bit , " she said matter-of-factly . "  But I do n't think it 's just one event that will basically turn me away forever , I just do n't think that 's the kind of person I am . " The youngest of four sisters born to Italian-American hairdresser parents in Connecticut , Addario 's family home was "  a kaleidoscope of transvestites and Village People lookalikes , a haven for people who were n't accepted elsewhere , " she writes . There was an open-door policy for the marginalized of society , and it put her in good stead for a life interviewing those living on edges . "  Now I go into all these situations and I really do n't feel like I judge people -- I just accept people for who they are and record their stories , " she said . Even as we speak , the death toll from fighting in Ukraine rises , and while other people might thank their lucky stars they 're far from the crossfire , Addario feels "  constantly tormented but what I 'm not covering . " "  I feel bad that I 'm not there , " she said of the conflict . "  I know my perspective on these things is the complete opposite to so many people . But I feel a responsibility , I feel like I need to do it because I have the tools to cover war , and because I 've done it for so many years . "  It 's very hard to turn your back once you 're aware of what 's going on , and you 're aware of the injustices , and you 're aware of the civilian casualties , " she said . "  It 's much easier if you have no idea and you 've never seen it . " Indeed Addario 's job is to keep her eyes open , where others must look away . She offers us a window into someone else 's hell , and yet possesses a special talent for finding moments of tenderness and hope among the rubble . Being a female photojournalist has also given her unique access to intensely private worlds , often out-of-bounds for her overwhelmingly male colleagues . She can capture the horror and determination of women in rape centers in the Democratic Republic of Congo ; self-immolation patients in Afghanistan ; and death during childbirth in Sierra Leone . It takes a strong stomach -- and mind -- for this line of work , and Addario 's book opens with a gruesome description of an airstrike in Ajdabiya , Libya . "  There was part of a brain on the passenger seat ; shards of skull were embedded in the rear parcel shelf . Hospital employees in white medical uniforms carefully picked up the pieces and placed them in a bag , " she writes . How does she cope with the unimaginable horror year after year ? " I do take it away with me , and I 'm sure I do suffer from trauma . But I feel as though I 'm pretty well adjusted , " she said . "  I do think that the more I cover war , the luckier I feel . I was born in the U.S. ... in Connecticut of all places , and so I think it 's very important to not forget that . " Perhaps covering war does n't require a hardened heart -- just an exceptionally large one .	War photographer Lynsey Addario has been kidnapped twice -- why does she keep going back ? New book "  It 's what I do : A photographer 's life of love and war , " powerful insight into remarkable career
CNN  -- Ten hostages held by a leftist rebel group in Colombia for more than a decade were freed on Monday in a move that might help push peace talks forward , but was also met with some skepticism in a country home to Latin American 's oldest insurgency . The leftist guerrilla group known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or the FARC , had pledged to hand over what it says were the last of its government hostages , four soldiers and six police officers . It kept its word . The former captives arrived in the central city of Villavicencio , where they stepped off a helicopter and walked across the tarmac into the arms of their loved ones , video from CNN affiliate Caracol TV showed . One of the former captives jumped joyfully , hoisting the Colombian flag . Others walked with the assistance of what looked to be nurses or doctors . The hostages were flown later to Bogota , the country 's capital , Caracol reported . "  Welcome to freedom ! " President Juan Manuel Santos said in a speech late Monday , addressing the former hostages . He welcomed their release as a step in the right direction , but said it was not sufficient . He demanded the FARC release of all its hostages . Hundreds of civilians remain prisoners of the guerrilla group throughout Colombia , according to the nonprofit Free Country Foundation . The FARC announced plans to release the 10 hostages in February and said it would stop kidnapping civilians for money . The rebels did not address the fate of its civilian captives then , nor did it renounce kidnapping for political purposes . "  It 's not enough to stop kidnapping . They must free the civilian captives -- the hostages that remain under their control , " said Santos . Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of the rebel group in its war against the Colombian government . Dramatic rescues , escapes and hostage hand-overs have revealed harsh conditions in jungle camps , including stories of prisoners chained to trees , grueling marches between hideouts , torrential rain and blistering sun . Among the highest profile rescues in recent years was that of Ingrid Betancourt , who was kidnapped in 2002 during her campaign for the presidency . She was freed in a helicopter rescue mission in 2008 . Colombian commandos posed as humanitarian aid workers to liberate the group , which included three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and military members . Monday 's rescue began when two Brazilian helicopters arrived in Villavicencio for the scheduled hand-over . Hours later , delayed by heavy morning rains , one of the choppers took off toward an unspecified location provided by the rebels . The team of intermediaries onboard included Red Cross officials and a former Colombian senator who wiped away tears and waved as the helicopter left . "  We are extremely pleased with the success of the operation , which in a single day allowed for the reunion of 10 families , " said Jordi Raich , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation . He promised continued support . "  After so many years of separation , there is still a lot to do to help them overcome the trauma of this period of time that they have not been together , without news , to help them reintegrate into society , " Raich said . The leftist rebels have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Marilia Brocchetto , Luisa Calad and journalists Fernando Ramos and Toby Muse contributed to this report .	NEW : The former captives arrive in Bogota NEW : "  Welcome to freedom , " says President Santos NEW : He calls on the FARC to release its civilian captives All the freed hostages were held for more than a decade
New York  CNN  -- Security in Times Square will be the priority for New York Police Department this weekend as crowds pack the streets to herald the New Year . NYPD Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN Thursday that he plans to strategically deploy thousands of resources , including 35 mounted horses , explosives-sniffing dogs , and uniformed as well as plainclothes officers on Saturday . Kelly said the precautions are essential to combating the serious terror threat the city continues face in a post-9 / 11 world . COBRA teams to handle chemical , biological and radiological threats will be pre-deployed to key locations , according to the commissioner . "  We operate under the assumption that we 're at the top of the terrorist target list , and we 've had 14 attempts at terrorist-type attacks . " Kelly said . To that end , before event-goers enter Times Square they must pass through a comprehensive security checkpoint . These checkpoints will be erected at each of the 16 entrances to Times Square and will include metal and radiation detectors as well as bag searches . Backpacks and alcohol will not be permitted . Past the checkpoints , at least 500 cameras and numerous helicopters with infrared capacity will survey the 65 pens , constantly scanning for security threats and breaches , according Commissioner Kelly . For Kelly , coordination will be crucial , so the Joint Operations Center "  will be activated , where we have representatives from units throughout the department and federal , state and local agencies . So you can get face-to-face coordination , which is very important aspect of what we do . " Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to watch the ball drop , according to Times Square 's official website . Kelly said that the department will seek to ensure the security and safety of the public so they can enjoy the festivities . "  I think it 's something you have to do at least once , " he said . "  It 's sort of a once-in-a-lifetime experience . It 's a happy event . It 's an exciting event . "	NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly plans to deploy thousands of resources Horses , plainclothes officers , bomb-sniffing dogs will be out in force Checkpoints will be erected at each of the 16 entrances to Times Square City has been target of "  14 attempts at terrorist-type attacks , " Kelly notes
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman declared his eternal friendship with North Korea 's supreme leader Thursday . "  You have a friend for life , " Rodman told Kim Jong Un after the two men sat next to each other watching an unusual basketball exhibition in Pyongyang , North Korea . Photos of the event , published online by Vice magazine , show Rodman and Kim Jong Un sitting at court side , surrounded by an arena filled with dark-uniformed fans . The North Korean leader , who is known to be a basketball fan , appears to be engrossed in the competition . "  To see everyone letting their hair down and getting into the match made it all the more worthwhile , " said Vice founder Shane Smith . "  At the reception afterward , many kind words were spoken and invitations offered . " The game involved a combination of three stars of the Harlem Globetrotters and members of North Korea 's "  Dream Team . " The final score was a 110-110 tie . When Kim joined the American group for supper , Vice correspondent Ryan Duffy invited the leader to visit the United States . "  His invitation was met with laughter , " according to a Vice statement . The weeklong trip by these "  basketball diplomats " is not an official U.S. mission , but for a TV documentary production . The video will be shown in an installment of a monthly series produced by Vice for HBO . "  I come in peace . I love the people of North Korea ! " Rodman , 51 , said on Twitter as he arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday . The visit comes at a time of heightened tension between the United States and North Korea , a result of Pyongyang 's pursuit of a nuclear program . Just days ago , North Korea threatened "  miserable destruction " in response to routine military exercises planned between South Korea and the United States . North Korea provoked Western condemnation earlier this month with an underground nuclear test that was preceded by the December launch of a long-range missile capable of transporting a warhead . Could the connection between Rodman and Kim , who classmates said was a huge basketball fan as a teenager -- when Rodman was winning five NBA championships -- help cool down this international hotspot ? Rodman , whose nickname is "  Worm , " tweeted that he was "  honored to represent The United States of America . " "  I 'm not a politician . Kim Jung Un & North Korean people are basketball fans . I love everyone . Period . End of story , " he tweeted . Kim , who is believed to be about 29 years old , assumed power after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in late 2011 . North Korea 's official news agency KCNA reported Thursday that Rodman 's delegation was taken to visit the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun , where past supreme leaders lie in state . "  They paid high tribute to Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il before their statues , " KCNA reported . It was unclear whether Rodman , who is accompanied by Globetrotters Bull Bullard , Buckets Blakes and Moose Weekes , will be taken to North Korea 's countryside , where aid groups say malnutrition is rampant According to Human Rights Watch , hundreds of thousands of people remain enslaved in prison camps , which are "  notorious for horrific living conditions and abuse . "	Rodman and Kim Jong Un sit together at a basketball game "  Many kind words were spoken and invitations offered , " Vice magazine says North Korea 's supreme leader is a big basketball fan Rodman 's trip to North Korea is for a TV documentary
CNN  -- A scholar of world religions writes a book about Jesus . A woman , whose politician husband is caught in a sex scandal twice , decides to stand by him . Nothing out of the ordinary . But two giants of American mainstream media -- one on the right , the other left-of-center -- have come under criticism this week for interpreting the actions of the two through glasses tainted with ethnic slant . A FoxNews.com interview segment was widely derided online when the anchor kept asking author Reza Aslan how a Muslim can write a book about Jesus . While Aslan patiently explains -- repeatedly -- that it 's his scholastic expertise that qualifies him to do so , the anchor presses on with the same question . On the other end , New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd posited in an editorial that Huma Abedin continues to stay by the side of her philandering husband , Anthony Weiner , because of her alleged harsh upbringing in Saudi Arabia . Foxnews.com interview Aslan spoke to Piers Morgan on Monday night about his experience on Fox . "  Truly , I was kind of embarrassed , " he said . He felt uncomfortable having to repetitively parade his academic credentials by Fox anchor Lauren Green . "  You really come off as a jerk , when you do that , " said Aslan , who holds three degrees in religion . He has studied the life of Jesus for 20 years and calls him his "  hero . " Green seemed wholly uninterested in Aslan 's qualifications . Her first question set the tone for the rest of the conversation , in which she spent nearly 10 minutes casting religious doubt on his motivations for writing the book . "  You 're a Muslim , so why did you write a book about the founder of Christianity ? " The video of the interview went viral , and Green 's reduction of Aslan to his religion triggered a backlash on social media . "  reza aslan 's interview on fox news was so painful to watch , he was basically being interviewed by a wall , " said @nimbaaa on Twitter . Some lambasted Green for tenaciously skirting Aslan 's academic credentials , posting satirical comparisons , like this one on Twitter from @RadhikaMadhani : "  I 'm a vet who has a Ph.D. in treating animals . Lauren Green : But you 're a human . Reza Aslan : But I have a Ph.D. . . " "  I have a Ph.D. in oceanography , I study the ocean . But you live on land . Yes , but my area of study is the ocean , " tweeted @lamaquinapls in the same vein . Critics from established media joined in . The Los Angeles Times called the interview "  strange , " adding that Green gave Aslan the "  proverbial third degree . " Slate.com called the interview "  cringe-worthy . " "  Is This The Most Embarrassing Interview Fox News Has Ever Done ? " BuzzFeed asked in a headline . Aslan told Morgan that he feels bad for Green . People get emotional , when academics write about their religion , fearing it is being attacked , he said . "  Nothing could be further from the truth . The most important people in my life are Christian -- my wife and my mother , " he said . Aslan was born a Muslim but felt inspired by Christianity in his youth and converted , as he explains in an essay he wrote for CNN . "  When I was 15 years old , I found Jesus , " he wrote . He later converted back to Islam , the religion of his ancestors . The Fox interview and subsequent media coverage have garnered his book more attention . On Monday , it was the bestselling title on Amazon . Times article The New York Times ' ethnic slant was less belabored . It did n't take up a 10-minute segment but instead just one single paragraph . Huma Abedin is a longtime aide of Hillary Clinton . Her husband , Anthony Weiner , has been caught twice sending explicit messages to women on social media . He was recently caught for the second time sending out lewd photos of himself . Abedin pledged her love for him at a news conference . Columnist Maureen Dowd explained Abedin 's decision this way : "  Huma was raised in Saudi Arabia , where women are treated worse by men than anywhere else on the planet . " First , Abedin is not exactly Saudi Arabian . Her late father was from India ; her mother from Pakistan . She was born in Kalamazoo , Michigan , but the family moved to Saudi Arabia when she was 2 . She moved back to the United States to attend George Washington University . She began her Washington career as a White house intern , before working in Hillary Clinton 's office , when Clinton was first lady . Some could not help but see the irony in the same situation connecting both women , in light of the Monica Lewinsky affair during the presidency of Bill Clinton . "  Commentary on Huma Abedin 's ethnic reasons for standing by her man ignores the fact that her white boss Hillary Clinton did the same #Weiner , " @SaeedShah posted to Twitter . Moroccan author and novelist Laila Lalami tweeted : "  Maureen Dowd : Huma Abedin stands by Anthony Weiner because she was raised in Saudi Arabia . Remind me , where was Hillary Clinton raised ? "	Fox News and The New York Times come under fire for ethnic slant A reporter kept asking author Reza Aslan how a Muslim can write a book about Jesus Columnist : Anthony Weiner 's wife stands by him because she 's from Saudi Arabia Aslan has studied Jesus for 20 years and calls him his "  hero "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A brewing Pacific storm will pour desperately needed rain on California 's historic drought , but the pending wet wallop promises to carry a high price as schools in San Francisco and Oakland are bracing themselves and will be closed Thursday , officials said Wednesday . The rainfall is expected to be so significant that meteorologists call its source an "  atmospheric river . " Many people in Northern California were bringing lawn items inside . But not everything . "  I 'm just trying to bring some stuff down that might blow away . We are not taking down the Christmas decorations though , leaving those up unless it gets real bad , " Ryan Higgins of Sunnyvale said . Higgins , who owns a comic book store , said he and his family had a "  handful of sandbags " because their residential complex tends to flood even with a little rain . Already , the fingertips of the storm were ravaging the coast of Washington state , eroding a beachline and threatening homes , according to a CNN affiliate KOMO reporter 's tweets . The fire-hose weather system will slam into the West Coast by Thursday , forecasts say . Atmospheric rivers are 250 to 400 miles wide and split off like a tributary from a much larger band of moisture from the tropics . They only come occasionally but are necessary to fill up water reservoirs , the NWS says . "  Up to 50 % of annual precipitation on the West Coast occurs in just a few AR events . " On the weather map , the storm looks like a cloud river in the sky flowing straight at the coast , and in combination with the storm system chasing it ashore , it is expected to dump 2-5 inches of rain in many places this week . The highest elevations of Northern California might get 10 inches of rain , forecasters said . San Francisco could see 2 to 4 inches in the city with up to 8 inches in the hills . Schools shuttered The San Francisco and Oakland Unified School District officials blamed their planned closures on the potential downpour . "  Closing schools is a serious decision , " said SFUSD Superintendent Richard A. Carranza in a statement , according to CNN affiliate KRON . "  I did not arrive at this lightly . First and foremost , we do n't want to risk having our students injured or seriously delayed transporting to and from school . In addition to student absences , the storm could result in large numbers of staff absences , which could then lead to inadequate supervision of our students . Furthermore , power outages could affect the district 's ability to feed students ' school meals , among many other operational challenges . " In a message to students and staff on the district 's Facebook page , Oakland school officials cited "  an extreme and potentially dangerous weather system " as the reason for the closings . "  We recognize this decision will interrupt the normal routine and require some families to seek other child-care alternatives and we apologize in advance for the inconvenience . We do , however , feel it 's our responsibility , given the dire reports from the National Weather Service , that we take this precaution and steps to maximize student and staff safety . " Southern California might get 1 to 2 inches with twice as much in the hilly areas . That much rain may be more common , if you live along the Gulf or Atlantic Coasts , but for parched California , which researchers at the University of Nebraska say is the most drought-stricken state in the country , it 's a lot to handle at once . And in many areas , it comes on top of high rains last week . The weather service warned there could be moderate river flooding in California and Washington . Folks in Oregon were expecting high winds Thursday , but in Seaside , 80 miles northwest of Portland , it was already blustery on Wednesday . "  I was waiting for trees just to go blowing right by the beach , " Denise Abramson told CNN affiliate KATU . "  It was really , really windy . Really bad . And the waves were probably ... 15 feet high coming in . The swells are coming in really , really fast . " About 115 miles down the coast in Newport , it was n't as bad at Jack 's Surfboards . "  Right now it 's probably 4 - to 5-foot  surf  . It 's picking up for sure , " employee Connor Heisgen said . And the wind ? "  A tiny bit . " Flooding possible In the Bay Area on Tuesday , public works crews got ready for a downpour . A road crew vacuumed mud and trash out of a storm drain , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . "  This is not the most glamorous work that there is , even with equipment like this . This is still really hard work . Hard and dirty work but something that has to be done to make sure the system functions properly when we do have a big storm , " Caltrans spokesman Bob Haus told KTVU . The sheriff 's department in Solano County , which has a lot of waterfront land , is handing out sandbags to residents . Bay Area power crews cut pine tree limbs hanging over power lines ahead of winds of 30 to 40 mph with gusts up to 70 mph . Those howling winds will also drive in high surf up and down the West Coast , with some breakers rising 20 feet high . They are expected to push up water levels in Washington 's Puget Sound , which could have residents of Seattle and Tacoma wading through shoreline puddles . The area will live up to its reputation for sogginess , as about half a foot of rain is expected to fall between early Wednesday and late Thursday , the weather service predicts . Nor'easter The wet maker on in the Northeast looks more like a circular water sprinkler , spinning in moisture from the Atlantic , where it is clashing with cold air . The nor'easter 's wet , cold misery -- from chilly rain to snow and ice -- have slushed the Northeast and will continue to as the gyrator drifts north through northern New England . Syracuse , New York , expected more snow on Thursday . The 6-10 inches of snow in Greenville Junction , Maine , on Wednesday will get a glazing of freezing rain more than once this week , the NWS predicts . Winds will be high there , too , with gusts of 40 to 60 mph . They could cause coastal flooding in Maine . Real rainmaker There were reports of record rain on Tuesday from the New York metropolitan area with nearly 3 inches falling . At John F. Kennedy International Airport , 2.95 inches fell , the most on this date . At LaGuardia Airport , where 2.65 inches fell , the flight delays at one point reached four hours . According to the flight tracking website FlightAware.com , more than 2,600 flights departing from and/or landing in the United States were delayed Tuesday and 1,200 were canceled . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Dave Alsup and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	NEW : Business owners in Northern California prepping with sandbags San Francisco and Oakland schools to close Thursday An "  atmospheric river " is pumping moisture into drought-stricken West Coast ARs can be 250-400 miles wide and branch off from bands tropical moisture
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's 30-minute TV ad , which ran simultaneously on broadcast and cable networks at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday , is muscle-flexing that has little precedent , a campaign advertising expert said . Sen. Barack Obama aired a 30-minute campaign ad Wednesday night . "  It 's evidence , if you needed any , that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy , " said Evan Tracey , director of the Campaign Media Analysis Group . "  This is flexing the muscles . " Tracey estimates that it will cost the campaign "  in the $ 4 to 5 million range -- at a minimum , $ 3.5 million . " But , he said , spending the money is a "  no-brainer " for the Democratic presidential hopeful . "  The strategic brilliance of this for Obama is that he is going to consume about 24 hours of the news cycle , " Tracey said . "  It boxes -LSB- John -RSB- McCain in , takes the oxygen out of the room . " In the carefully produced infomercial , Obama laid out his plans for the economy and for bringing an end to the war in Iraq . It also featured stories of struggling families in swing states such as Ohio and Missouri and included testimonials from high-profile supporters , including Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson . iReport.com : What do you want to ask Sen. Obama ? Obama 's Republican opponent , Arizona Sen. John McCain , was not mentioned , nor was the GOP . The spot ended with a brief , live Obama address to a rally in Florida , another hotly contested state in this year 's campaign . "  I 'm reminded every single day that I am not a perfect man , " he said . "  I will not be a perfect president . "  But I can promise you this : I will always tell you what I think and where I stand . I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . I will listen to you when we disagree . And , most importantly , I will open the doors of government and ask you to be involved in your own democracy again . " There was so much buzz surrounding the infomercial -- which was announced about two weeks ago -- that on Tuesday , Time magazine 's Mark Halperin put the ad 's two editors on his daily list of the "  five most important people in American politics not running for president . " Watch more on the Obama campaign ad buy " Those editors , Erik Smith and Mark Putnam , were "  still in an edit room " cutting the 30-minute piece Tuesday when he published the list , according to Halperin , Time 's editor-at-large and senior political analyst . The ad ran at 8 p.m. ET on CBS , NBC , MSNBC , Fox , BET , TV One and Univision , the Spanish-language network , six days before Election Day . CNN declined to run the spot , and talks between ABC and the Obama campaign fell apart . "  We were approached by the Obama campaign and declined their request , " said Sal Petruzzi , senior vice president for public relations of Turner Broadcasting , CNN 's parent company . "  We did not want to pre-empt our programming lineup with a 30-minute spot . We would rather use our air to continue to cover the campaign , candidates and issues like we always do , from all points of view with the best political team on television . " An ABC spokeswoman declined to comment about the network 's talks with the Obama campaign . "  As a matter of policy we do n't comment about clients with whom we are doing business , " said Julie Hoover of ABC . The Obama campaign has bought advertising on ABC in the past , she said , "  but they did not buy the half-hour . " Obama taped an interview Wednesday with ABC 's Charles Gibson , which is to run Thursday , his campaign said . A source familiar with ABC policy suggested the network had offered the Obama campaign a different time slot . "  Hypothetically , we would have offered them equivalent time , " the source said . "  We do n't have to give them the exact slot they are asking for . " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said ABC had ultimately offered Obama the slot he wanted , but the campaign turned it down . "  By the time they agreed , we had already committed our resources , " Burton said . The Obama campaign reported last week that it had raised a record-shattering $ 150 million in September . Obama has outspent McCain by a huge margin , according to CNN 's consultant on ad spending . Between the time the two candidates clinched their party 's nominations in the spring and October 25 , Obama spent more than $ 205 million on TV ads . McCain spent more than $ 119 million , according to TNS Media Intelligence/Campaign Media Analysis Group . The McCain campaign launched an ad Wednesday attacking Obama for his 30-minute special . "  Behind the fancy speeches , grand promises and TV special lies the truth : With crises at home and abroad , Barack Obama lacks the experience America needs , " the ad said . The timing of Obama 's informercial pushed back the start of a World Series game , provoking a jab from McCain during a Wednesday afternoon appearance in Florida . "  It used to be that only rain or some other act of God could delay the World Series , " he said . "  But I guess network executives figured an Obama infomercial was close enough . " The Obama campaign did not ask that the game be delayed , said a spokesman for Fox , which broadcasts the World Series . "  They asked Fox to buy the air time , " the spokesman said . "  Fox went to our partner , Major League Baseball , and asked if it would be OK to delay the game to take this important political advertisement . They agreed . " MLB 's willingness to delay the fall classic for a political ad shows how very unusual the Obama TV spot is . "  Ross Perot did it in 1992 , but it was n't this close to Election Day , and now you have a very different media consumption environment . You did n't have the cable then , " Tracey said . "  There is no precedent for this sort of an ad this late in the race . " CNN Associate Political Editor Rebecca Sinderbrand and CNN Entertainment 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama ad features stories of struggling families , high-profile endorsements NEW : Obama discusses plans for economy , bringing end to Iraq war NEW : On ad 's timing , McCain says it used to take "  act of God " to delay World Series McCain launched an ad attacking Obama for his 30-minute special
Editor 's note : Virg Bernero is the mayor of Lansing , Michigan and chairman of the Mayors and Municipalities Automotive Coalition  MMAC  . He is one of the mayors of U.S. cities appearing on "  American Morning " this week . Mayor Virg Bernero says the American worker has been sold out by backers of free trade . CNN  -- While America reels from the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , it is time that we take a deeper look at the root causes of our current predicament . The cold , hard truth is that the unholy alliance between Washington and Wall Street has sold out the American worker and exported our standard of living . Driven by the insatiable greed of Wall Street profiteers and accelerated by the false promise of free trade , our manufacturing base has been chased out of this country and along with it the livelihood of millions of hard-working Americans . It 's fashionable these days among the politicians , pundits and so-called experts to claim that free trade is actually good for us . They say it enables us to buy cheaper goods made with cheap foreign labor and this , in turn , raises our standard of living . With all due respect , the free traders need to ask themselves a more fundamental question : how will Americans buy those goods when they do n't even have a paycheck that covers their mortgage , much less the college tuition for their children ? Watch Mayor Bernero speak to American Morning 's John Roberts " More than one pundit has told me I need to take a broader view . As the mayor of one of America 's countless manufacturing communities , the only view that matters is the one my citizens see every day : Record job losses , home foreclosures and , thanks to the Wall Street wizards , a credit crunch so severe that it is nearly impossible to finance a new car . This is n't a predicament faced just by Michigan or the Midwest . This is the story of America , told in thousands of desperate households from Connecticut to California . The pundits claim our manufacturing sector is a relic of the old economy . We 're told that we just ca n't compete anymore . We 're told that our future is in the service economy , that jobs in health care and finance and knowledge-based industries will recreate the prosperity our nation once knew . The truth is that our industrial heritage is an example of everything that was right with our nation 's economy . Good jobs with good benefits created the middle class in this country , and now it is being systematically dismantled under the banner of free trade and globalism . Those who continue to espouse free trade ominously warn that protectionism is the wrong path for our nation ; that challenging the holy doctrine of free trade invites a global trade war . Yet we already face rampant protectionism across the globe . Pursuing a free trade agenda in a protectionist world is tantamount to unilateral disarmament . Our trading partners routinely employ taxes , tariffs and subsidies that underwrite their exports and restrict American products from entering their home markets . They use currency manipulation to reduce the relative cost of their goods here in the USA . The fact is we 're not competing against other companies ; we 're competing against other countries . I 've toured the Hyundai plant in Asan , Korea . The Koreans are wonderful people , but their technology is n't any better and they 're not working any harder than Americans . The difference is that Hyundai does n't have to pay legacy costs . The Korean government takes care of their retirees . Hyundai does n't pay health care costs because they have national heath care . If you do n't think that 's an unfair advantage , you 're kidding yourself . Many Americans are unaware that China sold 10 million cars last year -- more than General Motors or Toyota . I can assure you the Chinese government is part and parcel of that success . They 're involved in their industry . The Korean government is involved in their industry . If we are going to have any chance to compete globally , our government must get involved in our industry and help us rebuild America 's industrial might before it is too late . There 's no question that we need this stimulus package . We need the reinvestment in America 's infrastructure and in the working people of this country . We need tax cuts delivered directly to the American worker . We need education and retraining for the "  green collar " jobs of the future . But we need more than a short term shot in the arm . We need a long-term strategy to rebuild the American economy that provides jobs and economic security to the millions of hard-working American families who have been sold down the river by unfair trade policies . We need fair trade agreements so that the most productive workers in the world -- American workers -- can put their skills to work and compete in the global economy . We recently watched our athletes successfully compete in the Olympics against nations of the world . When the playing field is level , Americans can compete against the best from any nation . With fair trade instead of free trade , American workers can once again bring home the gold . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Virg Bernero .	Virg Bernero : Washington and Wall Street have sold out the American worker He says we must rebuild America 's industrial might before it is too late Bernero : Free trade in protectionist world is like unilateral disarmament
Noah Galloway 's daily workouts could intimidate the most seasoned athlete . He runs , climbs , does pull-ups and push-ups , and lifts weights for nearly two hours at a time . But what really sets this 30-year-old father of three apart is that he does it all with one arm and one leg . In the aftermath of September 11 , Galloway felt called to serve his country . At 19 , he withdrew from the University of Alabama at Birmingham and enlisted in the United States Army . "  After we were attacked , I felt like it was what I needed to do . I quit school and started off on a new journey . " Galloway was deployed to Iraq with the 101st Airborne out of Fort Campbell , Kentucky , in 2003 . After becoming a husband and father , he returned for a second tour in 2005 . "  They put us in an area that was known as the triangle of death . It was southwest of Baghdad . The units that had been there before us had taken a beating . It was just a rough area . " Four months into his second deployment , he was trying to catch a bit of sleep between missions when his platoon leader woke him . "  He said , ` Hey , we 're gon na go take these Humvees to go pick up the rest of the platoon . ' Said there 's nothing important going on . We 're just going to pick them up , coming back . Just wanted you to know we 're leaving . " But Galloway says he insisted on not only joining the convoy but driving the lead vehicle , a decision that put him in the path of a roadside bomb detonated by a trip wire . Four days later , on Christmas morning , Galloway woke in Walter Reed Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . "  I had no idea where I was or how I got there . I remember waking up and seeing my parents walking in . I knew I was somewhere safe because they were there , and something told me to smile because they 'd know I was OK . " He lost his left arm above the elbow and left leg above the knee . His jaw needed to be reconstructed , and his mouth was wired shut . His recovery was as rough emotionally as it was physically , and during it he and his wife divorced . "  I remember thinking it was all over . I was very physical . I 'd lost two limbs , a wife . You know , I remember thinking I much rather had died than wake up like this , " Galloway said . His attitude started to shift thanks , in part , to a fellow amputee : his father , who lost his hand at age 18 when a machine malfunction at the plant where he worked . "  I remember there was a moment that my mom leaned in and told me while I laid in the hospital bed , and she said , ` You just had to outdo your dad and lose your arm and your leg , ' and it was that moment that I thought , ` you know , this is bad , but it could be worse . Maybe I can do something with this . ' " Galloway moved back home to Alabama , remarried and had two more children . He then decided it was time he got back into shape . He found Combat Fitness Training Facility in Birmingham . The gym is owned by Army veteran who designs military-inspired workouts that Galloway thrives on . "  He 's shown great drive , and basically the goals that he sets , every time he achieves one , he sets a higher one , " Combat Fitness owner Sean Dickson said . Galloway continues to push himself harder and now competes in grueling races like the Warrior Dash and Tough Mudder , in which runners tackle an obstacle course . He is also training to run the Marine Corps Marathon in October . He has documented his journey through social media and garnered a legion of supporters with his story . "  People started following me in what I was doing , sending me messages and telling me how I motivated them . Some were people with disabilities . Some were not , " Galloway said . "  I never intended that to happen . I was just doing something for myself . " Seeing his recovery as an opportunity to motivate others , he joined Team X-T.R.E.M.E. The nonprofit enlists people to participate in physically demanding races wearing gas masks . The proceeds are used to take injured veterans on morale-boosting trips . "  It 's not that I 'm this incredible guy , but my injury was before them . And if I can show them the route I took to success , then they can follow the same , and that makes me feel good . " Galloway is passionate about leading other veterans to recovery and showing them what they can do instead of what they ca n't , but the most important people he hopes to inspire are much closer to home . "  I 'm showing my two sons and my daughter that no matter what happens to you in life , you can continue pushing . You can continue to be happy and do whatever you want to do . I feel like I 'm showing them what they need to do , because as a parent , you can try to preach to your children all day long . They do n't hear your words . They only see your actions . And I hope that I 'm showing them a healthy , happy way of leading their life . "	Noah Galloway served two tours of duty in Iraq with the U.S. Army During his second deployment , Galloway 's Humvee was hit by a roadside bomb He lost his left arm above the elbow and his left leg above the knee He now competes to inspire others and raise awareness for injured veterans
CNN  -- Liverpool have suffered their worst opening day defeat since 1937 , losing 3-0 to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Arsenal , in their first game since Robin Van Persie 's departure , could only manage a goalless draw at home to Sunderland . Elsewhere , the Premier League began in explosive style , as Swansea recorded a 5-0 win over QPR , Fulham also beat Norwich by a five goal margin , West Ham celebrated their return to England 's top division with a 1-0 victory over Aston Villa , while Reading and Stoke shared the points in a 1-1 draw . Liverpool and West Bromwich were both playing their first games under new management , with Brendan Rodgers having moved to Anfield from Swansea and Steve Clarke taking his first managerial post at Albion after being sacked from his assistant manager 's role with Liverpool at the end of last season . "  I thought the scoreline was harsh , I 've got to be honest , " Rodgers told the Liverpool website . "  After the first couple of minutes of the game , we got good control and rhythm in our game . Up until they scored the first goal , it looked as though we were the team who were going to get it . Liverpool finished the game with ten men , after defender Daniel Agger was sent off for a foul on West Bromwich striker Shane Long , giving away a penalty in the process . "  Obviously then with 10 men and chasing the game , it becomes difficult , " the former Swansea manager explained . "  We conceded a penalty and then the sending off kills you , really . Especially for a new team that is coming together in terms of the structure and ideas . " Liverpool have not had such a disastrous start since Chelsea beat them 6-1 on the opening day of the 1937 season . Boos rang around the Emirates as the final whistle blew on the first game of Arsenal 's post-Van Persie era . Manager Arsene Wenger gave debuts to new signings Lukas Podolski and Santi Cazorla , and introduced Olivier Giroud in the second half for the Frenchman 's first competitive showing in an Arsenal shirt . Despite controlling the majority of the play , Arsenal could n't find the net to get their season off to a winning start . "  We played with a good spirit . We were serious , we put the effort in . Our basic fitness is alright but we lack sharpness and fluency at the moment to be dangerous in the final third . " Wenger told the Arsenal website . "  The few chances we had , we could n't convert them . Sunderland always play the same way against us , in the final third and defensively , and if you 're not sharp enough to make the difference early in the game it becomes difficult . " Sunderland put in a dogged display to take their first point of the season , and had a couple of opportunities to win the match from set pieces , despite their defensive set up . "  It was a terrific performance by the team , considering that after about 60 odd minutes we were out on our feet , " manager Martin O'Neill told the club 's website . "  It was a very warm day , we were away from home and we had to soak up pressure . I thought we were really excellent ; it was a brilliant effort . "  We 've got a point , we 're off the mark and we 've got a home game to look forward to . " In South-West London , Queens Park Rangers were hoping to fulfill some of their pre-season promise . After a number of high profile signings , such as Ji-Sung Park from Manchester United and Jose Bosingwa from Chelsea , hopes were high that the club could avoid the relegation struggle they faced last year . Swansea , widely tipped as relegation candidates this season , put in an incredible performance to sour the mood at Rangers ' home ground , Loftus Road . "  It 's always nice to win your first game of the season and to win away from home is always important because it can give you so much confidence going forward , " explained Swansea manager Michael Laudrup to the club website . "  It gives us something to build on . But the players are the most important , and I 'm delighted for them . " Two goals for new signing Michu got the Welsh side 's season under way , and QPR never looked capable of a recovery . "  It was a wake up call . Maybe everybody was getting a little but excited about what 's ahead of us but we , as a group , understand there 's a lot of hard work needed , " Rangers manager Mark Hughes told the club 's website . "  Today was n't the level I expect us to perform at . You can make all the excuses in the world that it was a hot day and the first game of the season , but that does n't wash with me . We need to perform better . "  In the end we were ragged , made bad decisions , the accuracy of our passing was poor all day and as a consequence we got picked off very easily . "  All credit to Swansea , they played exceptionally well and they took their chances when they came . " The two promoted sides in action today , Reading and West Ham , both enjoyed a promising start to the season . West Ham ran out 1-0 winners over Aston Villa with a controversial goal from captain Kevin Nolan . Aston Villa believed play had stopped due to an offside flag , allowing Nolan to easily score . "  Some of the play , I was really happy with and some , like anything , you 're not . But I ca n't fault the lads for effort . Their effort was excellent , " explained Villa manager Paul Lambert to the club website . "  We tried , but there was n't much in the game . I thought we looked bright but we 've got to turn our possession into chances . If we can just get a finishing touch on that then we 'll be okay . " Reading looked like they were going to mark their return to the Premier League with a 1-0 home defeat to Stoke City . However , a last minute penalty from Adam Le Fondre rescued a point for last season 's Championship winners . "  I think it would have been unjust if we 'd lost but injustices are no good to anyone , you have to get results and we 've done that . We wanted to win it after we got to 1-1 , " Reading Manager Brian McDermott told Reading 's website after the game . Stoke had been fortunate to take the lead when a speculative shot from new signing Michael Kightly slipped through Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici 's hands and into the net . "  I am so pleased he scored today . We had wide players who did n't really score last season but Kights has come in and put pressure on them from the word go which is what we want , " Stoke manager Tony Pulis told his club 's website . "  We need forward to score goals and for us our wide players are forwards . The extra competition can only help us this season . " Fulham joined Swansea at the top of the table with a dominating 5-0 win over Norwich . The London side 's preparations have been overshadowed by the transfer rumors swirling around star player Clint Dempsey , but it was the club 's new signing that stole the headlines on the opening day of the season . Mladen Petric scored two goals on his full debut , with Damien Duff , Steve Sidwell and Alex Kacaniklic picking up a goal each . "  I am very happy . Not only because of my performance , but because we had an amazing start today which will be very important for us throughout the rest of the season , " Petric told the Fulham website . "  All of us played a very good game ; we defended very well -- I think they had just one or two chances to score -- and we scored five goals which means that we played very well today . " Norwich City were playing their first game under new manager Chris Hughton , but struggled to replicate some of their impressive form from last season . "  You have to remember that it 's the first game of the season , we 've all been there before , " said Hughton . "  Whether it 's at the start of the season the middle or at the end defeats are defeats and you have to be able to bounce back from them and learn from them . " In the late kick off , Newcastle needed a late penalty to overcome a spirited display from Andre Villas-Boas ' Tottenham side . The Portuguese manager was taking charge of the London team for the first time in a competitive match , and looked to have secured a valuable point when Jermain Defoe equalized Demba Ba 's early second half strike . Newcastle manager Alan Pardew could face Football Association charges after he was sent to the stands for shoving the assistant referee .	Liverpool lose 3-0 to WBA , Arsenal only draw with Sunderland Swansea and Fulham both score five to top table QPR endure miserable start to the season New Premier League sides Reading and West Ham enjoy promising starts
CNN  -- Local and federal authorities in Enfield , Connecticut , are investigating how a band of burglars broke into a large pharmaceutical warehouse and made off with approximately $ 75 million in prescription medications . Police say the well-orchestrated heist at the Eli Lilly and Co. distribution center occurred during a rainstorm shortly after midnight Sunday . "  Based on the sophistication of what was used , this had to be well-executed and planned , " Enfield Police Chief Carl Sferrazza said . According to Sferrazza , the thieves scaled the side of the building onto the roof , where they cut an opening . He said they then rappelled into the building , disabled the alarm and proceeded to steal several dozen pallets of prescription pills , loading them onto one or more getaway vehicles . Police say the robbery was not discovered until almost 2 p.m. ET Sunday . When asked whether the crime could have been an inside job , Sferrazza replied , "  Anything is possible ; we are not ruling anything out at this point . " A spokesman for Eli Lilly , Ed Sagebiel , said the company is working closely with both the Enfield Police and the FBI . Though Sagebiel would not confirm what types of medications were stolen , he said there were no narcotics at the site . Although the intended destination of the drugs is unknown , the spokesman speculated that the suspects will attempt to sell them on the domestic or international black markets . "  We certainly know that there is a market for these products , " Sagebiel said . "  We have a closed system here in the U.S. that makes it more difficult to distribute them in the United States for legitimate means . " Based in Indianapolis , Indiana , Eli Lilly is the ninth-largest pharmaceutical company in the world .	Thieves broke into Connecticut facility early Sunday , police say Chief says heist was well-organized Authorities are n't ruling out an inside job
CNN  -- Apple Inc. has n't said how much future generations of the iPhone will cost , but an editor of a technology blog said his site shelled out $ 5,000 to get its hands on a possible prototype . Gizmodo Senior Editor Jesus Diaz said his blog paid "  a source " $ 5,000 for the phone , which was shown in a video on the blog Monday . "  Paying for an exclusive has always been done in the journalism world . There are people who admit they do it and people who do not . We have done it , " Diaz told CNN 's Gabriela Frias in an interview on CNN en Español 's "  En Efectivo . " Diaz said the blog 's source obtained the phone after it was left in a bar . "  An engineer was in a bar , celebrating his birthday . He drank two drinks too many and forgot the phone , " Diaz said . He said Gizmodo returned the phone to Apple after receiving a letter asking for it . "  It has come to our attention that Gizmodo is currently in possession of a device that belongs to Apple , " says the short letter from Apple 's lawyer to the blog . "  This letter constitutes a formal request that you return the device to Apple . Please let me know where to pick up the unit . " Gizmodo , which posted the letter on its site , said the letter erases any doubt that the phone is the real deal . "  Just so you know , we did n't know this was stolen when we bought it , " wrote Brian Lam , the site 's editorial director , in his response . "  Now that we definitely know it 's not some knockoff and it really is Apple 's , I 'm happy to see it returned to its rightful owner . "  P.S. I hope you take it easy on the kid who lost it . I do n't think he loves anything more than Apple except , well , beer . " Photos of the fourth-generation iPhone prototype first appeared on the tech blog Engadget over the weekend . The site said whoever sent the photos found the phone on the floor of a bar in San Jose , California . On Monday , Gizmodo said it had obtained the device , but would n't say how . Diaz said the price Gizmodo paid for the phone was worth it , even though editors were n't able to take advantage of all its features . "  It was remotely deactivated by Apple , " he said . "  But the screen is better , double the resolution of past versions . The quality of the product is much better . ... It is pleasing to touch it . " The find was widely considered the real thing in the tech world . "  At this point we 're pretty much certain it is this summer 's new model , " wrote Wired magazine . "  Somebody at Apple is in big trouble . " Daring Fireball blogger John Gruber , who is known to have connections inside Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters , said on his blog that Apple had reported a prototype stolen . He also said Apple has a patent out for a phone with a ceramic backing . Some of the images online appeared to show just such a backing . Gizmodo 's photos of the device 's internal components show they 're labeled as Apple products . The blog also said a computer recognized the device as an iPhone , and the phone apparently runs the yet-to-be-released iPhone OS 4.0 . Apple has not confirmed that a new version of the iPhone exists , though analysts widely expect the fourth generation of the device will be released in the summer . Apple did not return CNN requests for comment . Even if the new iPhone is real , it 's important to keep in mind that the device is just a prototype . It 's unclear how many of its features will be available on the new phone . A quick glance at the photos shows a flatter , less curvy iPhone . The back of the phone is completely flat , unlike the current model , which is tapered to fit the curve of a palm . The new phone 's back is ceramic rather than plastic , and has an aluminum border with two volume buttons instead of just one . Unlike the current model , it has a front-facing camera . It also has a camera on the back , which is larger than the one on the back of the current 3GS model .	Blog editor says his site shelled out $ 5,000 to get a possible 4G iPhone prototype Gizmodo says it received a letter from Apple that erases any doubt the phone is real The leaked new iPhone is 3 grams heavier than the iPhone 3GS , blog says Photos show a less curvy iPhone with a ceramic back , unlike the current plastic back
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- No running water , no electricity , no fuel and little food . Pakistanis displaced by fighting demand government assistance during a protest Sunday in Karachi . International Red Cross officials are "  gravely concerned " about the stark situation in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , where a monthlong offensive against the Taliban has displaced more than 2 million civilians . Members of the International Committee of the Red Cross arrived in the Swat Valley this weekend for the first time since the onset of violence there . The organization evacuated more than a dozen people in need of urgent medical care and called for an immediate humanitarian response . "  The people of Swat need greater humanitarian protection and assistance immediately , " Pascal Cuttat , head of the organization 's delegation in Pakistan , said Sunday . "  The ICRC will do its utmost to meet those needs without delay . Given what we have already seen on the ground , we are mobilizing additional resources , but safe and unimpeded access to the area remains essential for our teams to deliver . " Those who have left their homes tell of the whole valley being turned into a battlefield as citizens flee on foot , many of them with no shoes . Some fall ill from sun and heat exposure , particularly infants and those already weak and sick . According to the most recent United Nations numbers , about 2.4 million Pakistanis registered as displaced persons since May 2 . Currently , the clashes are concentrated near Mingora , the valley 's largest city . "  People have been blocked for weeks , " said Daniel O'Malley , who led the ICRC team . "  There is no running water , no electricity , and food is scarce . There is no fuel left for generators and most medical facilities in the district are no longer functioning . Phone lines are down , so people have been cut off from the outside world and are anxious for contact with relatives who fled the area . " The Red Cross team visited Khwazakhela hospital , one of the few medical facilities left in Swat Valley , to deliver supplies and found a small group of hospital staff members struggling to work without water , electricity or supplies , O'Malley said . "  They simply can not cope with the influx of patients , " he said . The team evacuated 14 patients . Meanwhile , one soldier was killed in a roadside bombing , and security forces killed two militants in the Swat Valley over the last 24 hours , the Pakistani military said on Sunday . The military said an unknown number of slain militants were found in a training facility destroyed by security forces in Shangla district , and a government girls ' school at Baiderra was torched by militants . The Pakistani military said on Saturday its security forces have taken back the city of Mingora from the Taliban , calling it a significant victory in its offensive .	Residents of Pakistan 's Swat Valley need help immediately , Red Cross official says U.N. : Offensive against the Taliban has displaced more than 2.4 million people Red Cross : Food scarce ; hospital struggling to operate without running water Residents say people fleeing valley are falling ill from heat exposure
CNN  -- The world of Dungeons & Dragons , the iconic role-playing game that has captivated millions since the 1970s , is more than just rolling dice on a table top . In 2014 , it is computer games , books , online comics , miniature figurines and more , aimed at staying relevant in a digital age . Wizards of the Coast , the publishers of the game , is launching the latest version along with a massive campaign called Tyranny of Dragons . But on such a plethora of platforms , how is it possible to create an overarching idea that transcends platforms ? The publishers say it 's a simple concept known as sharing . The high adventure , in which followers of dragon queen Tiamat aim to take over the world , coincides with the release of the fifth edition of rules for tabletop version of D&D . But the company wanted to expand how players could join in the new storyline and create a community of shared experiences . "  The big part of a role-playing game is , you can do whatever you want . But we want you to end up at the same place at the end of the adventure , " said Mike Mearls , senior manager for Dungeons & Dragons research and development . "  There are many ways to get there , but having a big event that brings everybody back together is part of the fun , because once you 've gone up against Tiamat , you 've got something you can talk to any fellow player about , even if you 've never met that person before . " The idea of creating that shared story experience over different media meant Mearls had to think about the narrative differently . It was more about creating a story bible with direction on how various creatures behave in certain circumstances rather than plotting out each monster 's actions specifically . 40 years later , ` Dungeons & Dragons ' still inspiring gamers "  Each one has a different way they act , a different goal they have , " Mearls said . "  So when you encounter it in a  massively multiplayer online game  , you can understand this creature , you can understand what it 's doing , because when I 'm fighting in a 3-D action environment as opposed to a board game as opposed to a role-playing game , it has a trait that can shine through . " The massively multiplayer online version , "  Neverwinter , " will also feature the "  Tyranny of Dragons " story . Rob Overmeyer , executive producer at Cryptic Studios , said his co-workers constantly talk with the creative teams at Wizards well in advance of any new elements in the online version . Having those discussions not only allows for swapping of ideas , it gives a cohesiveness in the look and feel of the game , he said . Overmeyer said the sharing of creative elements also frees up his team to focus more on the online-only elements of stories , finding ways to draw certain players deeper into adventures . For example , creatures that will be appearing in the new "  Monster Manual " have been created at Wizards for its upcoming tome . Those creatures are designed by Wizards graphic artists and have been rendered in a variety of resolutions to allow them to be used in a digital game , in a book or as templates for miniature figures . The player 's actions in the online campaign will be overlaid on those in the game 's more traditional tabletop campaign . "  It 's really about getting in there and having fun and playing D&D , " Overmeyer said of the online game . "  If it feels like D&D , it is D&D . " The cohesiveness is n't limited to just game play . "  Table Titans " is an online comic developed by Scott Kurtz with the blessing of Wizards of the Coast . The D&D comic spun out of Kurtz 's other creation , "  PVP , " with the introduction of a supporting character named Val . Val believes she is a dwarven fighter from "  Dungeons & Dragons " and acts out events in her non-gaming life as if she were the character . Kurtz said his team consults with Wizards of the Coast to go over upcoming campaign materials so everything flows from a central game plan . ` Dungeons & Dragons ' tries to lure back players "  They are very good in guiding us away from what other authors are doing so we do n't step on toes , and they always are wonderful with suggestions , bibles , artwork , etc , " Kurtz said . "  But for the most part , they just sit back and watch us go . They really do n't do more than say ` Here are some amazing toys ; go play ! ' " Kurtz said that playing D&D with his father as a child helped him in his career by creating the first characters and stories he would later transport into his comics . He 's thrilled , he says , to work hand-in-hand with the people now creating the game he grew up playing . "  We promote D&D by nature of our comic being about that game , and they promote ` Table Titans ' in social media and at personal events because they love the strip , " Kurtz said . "  The business team calls that synergy , and the creatives call it ` mutual admiration . ' " Mearls said that sharing between media keeps the focus on what 's always been at the heart of D&D : the story . "  It does create that community sense of shared experience , shared story , even though everyone 's story experience was unique , " he said . "  You can be whoever you want . You can do whatever you want . "	The classic "  Dungeons & Dragons " game has new ways to play in the online age A multiplayer online option , "  Neverwinter , " has joined classic tabletop gaming It 's branched out into a webcomic , "  Table Titans , " as well Wizards of the Coast says all versions are now designed to be integrated
CNN  -- UPDATE : We all know the old saying about things that seem too good be true ... but sometimes we get pulled in by golden ideas anyway . Such , it seems , is the case with KLM 's "  lost and found " dog , Sherlock . It appears that the Sherlock video is nothing more than a marketing stunt to promote the airline 's new lost and found service . "  The dog Sherlock symbolizes the service we are offering to our customers , " a KLM spokesman said in an e-mail to CNN . "  It shows the effort and dedication of our Lost & Found team . " Whoever that beagle is , we still love him/her . Even if , to quote another old saying , that dog do n't hunt . Warning : After seeing this achingly adorable video of KLM 's newest employee in action you might be tempted to leave your gadgets behind on your next flight into Amsterdam . Meet Sherlock , the appropriately named beagle tasked by the Royal Dutch Airlines with returning items forgotten on planes by passengers flying into Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . "  We train for muscle strength , endurance and , of course , socialization , " says Dirk Van Driel , Sherlock 's trainer , in a video about the dog , which has been viewed more than 2.7 million times since it was posted to YouTube Tuesday . "  When you see the reactions of the passengers , that really is amazing . " Judging by the collective "  awww " that rings out through the arrivals hall as Sherlock uses his remarkable sniffing powers to track down the owner of a forgotten iPhone , the dog is a hit . "  He can really do something no one else can " KLM says Sherlock is part of a new lost and found team put together in response to the high number of queries about forgotten items the airline receives through social media . Should the incredibly eager beagle not be around to help , the airline uses information such as seat numbers , phone numbers and public social media details to reunite passengers with their belongings . "  Personally , I think he 's a real asset to the company , " says Chantel Kremer of KLM 's ground crew . "  And he can really do something no one else can . " Prized for their phenomenal sense of smell and ability to categorize scents , beagles are a familiar sight in airports around the world . Perhaps the most famous is the Beagle Brigade -- made up of teams of dogs that inspect luggage for restricted agriculture at U.S. airports .	Beagle "  Sherlock " returns items forgotten on KLM planes by passengers Sherlock 's trainer focuses on muscle strength , endurance and socialization KLM launched service in response to high number of items left behind by passengers
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian emergency officials have begun evacuating 800 families from an area at high risk from the expected eruption of a volcano that killed at least six people in November . Colombians make their way across a landslide in November after the Nevado del Huila volcano erupted . The Nevado del Huila volcano is on orange alert , meaning an eruption is probable within days or weeks , the Colombian Institute of Geology and Mining said last week . An eruption would cause an avalanche down the Paez and Simbola rivers , officials said . The town under evacuation , Belalcazar , sits on the bank of the Paez River about a half-mile  less than a kilometer  from the junction with the Simbola River . It was the worst-hit area in November 's eruption . The volcano 's crater holds 52 million cubic meters  1.8 billion cubic feet  of lava , said Colombia 's Caracol Radio . That 's the equivalent of 13.8 billion gallons . The Colombian national emergency agency said Monday it is ready to evacuate thousands of residents if the volcano 's condition turns to red , which means an eruption is imminent or ongoing . The snow-capped Huila , the highest active volcano in Colombia , last erupted on November 20 . At least six people , including four children , died then . Gas and hot ash caused snow on the mountain peak to melt , sending mud , rocks and floodwater rushing down the Paez and destroying at least 20 homes and washing out five bridges , the presidential office said at the time . Much of the sparsely populated region about 155 miles  250 kilometers  southwest of Bogota is a reservation for Nasa indigenous communities . All six fatalities were native Indians , the government said . The youngest victim was a year old . The Huila volcano , which has a summit of 17,598 feet  5,364 meters  , has erupted four times . The first documented eruption occurred in the 1500s , then it stood silent for more than 400 years , according to the Web site volcanolive.com . Colombian emergency officials said Monday they are asking the 800 families where they want to be moved to , Caracol Radio said . Scientists with the Colombian Institute of Geology and Mining , commonly known as Ingeominas , said they did not detect any major action inside the volcano Monday , Caracol reported . Ingeominas and the National System for Emergencies are monitoring the volcano around the clock and have acquired new equipment , including additional telecommunication gear and an infrared camera to monitor Huila 's temperature . Officials also plan to install a microphone on Huila to detect any new rumblings from inside the volcano , Caracol said . Officials already are monitoring the volcano with four stations that detect seismological activity , a video camera , a communications network and a system that measures mudflow , Caracol said .	Eruption likely within days or weeks at Nevado del Huila volcano , agency warns Colombian volcano 's eruption killed at least six people in November Some 800 families under evacuation from high-risk area Eruption would cause avalanche down Paez and Simbola rivers , officials say
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Steven Hayes , convicted of killing three members of a Connecticut family , has shown "  suicidal tendencies " and expressed concern his food was tainted , a psychiatrist testified during the penalty phase of Hayes ' trial Monday . Dr. Justin Schechter , a Stamford , Connecticut , forensic and clinical psychiatrist , said that Hayes exhibited signs of depression after his 2007 arrest , but told him , "  I would rather they kill me " -- reflecting Hayes ' apparent hope that he 'd be executed for his role in in the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . The jury must decide whether to sentence Hayes to death . Hayes was n't in solitary confinement or considered "  actively suicidal , " said Schechter , though there were concerns he had a seizure disorder , depression and anxiety . The high school dropout said he had a long history of substance abuse and had fathered two children out of wedlock , Schechter said . Hayes believed that a doctor was "  manipulating " his food and would n't eat it , said Schechter , though he did eat food from the prison commissary . The court session ended with Schechter 's testimony on Monday afternoon , and will resume Tuesday . Hayes , 47 , was convicted this month of 16 of the 17 charges against him -- including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping -- in the deaths of Hawke-Petit and her daughters . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky invaded the Petit home in Cheshire , beat Jennifer Hawke-Petit 's husband bloody , strangled Hawke-Petit , set the house afire and tried to flee . Komisarjevsky is to be tried separately . Earlier in the day , Fred Levesque , former director of offender classification and population management for the state Department of Correction , testified that Hayes was written up for 24 disciplinary reports during a stretch in state prison . One of those was for hoarding medication , a charge to which Hayes voluntarily pleaded guilty . Asked by the defense if he had any knowledge of whether Hayes was a threat to the general population , Levesque answered "  no . " Last week , a forensic psychiatrist testified that Hayes attempted suicide several times since his arrest and has said he wants to receive the death penalty . On cross-examination , Dr. Paul Amble said his panel did not address the question of whether Hayes ' suicide attempts were sincere . But in his opinion , he said , Hayes was "  making decisions that were rational , given his situation " when he said he wanted to receive the death penalty . "  I want to plead guilty to everything now , because I just want it over now , " Hayes told an evaluation team , said Amble , the assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine . Hayes described a plan to "  look like a monster " to the jury , expressing no remorse , in an attempt to move the jurors to sentence him to death , Amble wrote in his evaluation of the defendant . Prosecutor Michael Dearington asked Amble whether Hayes truly wanted to be executed . "  I do n't know , " the doctor said . "  I 'm not here to say I can exactly divine his thoughts , only what he said . " In March , Hayes told a psychologist that he no longer wanted to commit suicide "  but intended to let the state do it , " said Amble , who had been asked by the judge in the case to determine whether Hayes was competent to stand trial . Police testified that in the 2007 home invasion , Hayes and Komisarjevsky found evidence of a bank account containing $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 and forced Hawke-Petit to go to a bank in the morning and withdraw money from the account . Prosecutors said Hayes took her to the bank while Komisarjevsky stayed behind . When Hayes and Hawke-Petit returned with the money , officials said , the two men set the home afire and fled . Inside the home , authorities said , Hawke-Petit , 48 , was found raped and strangled . Her two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , died of smoke inhalation . Petit , the sole survivor , escaped to a neighbor 's home . CNN 'S Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	NEW : A psychiatrist says Hayes has exhibited "  suicidal tendencies " NEW : The doctor says Hayes was worried his food was being tainted A former Correction official testifies about Hayes ' disciplinary reports Hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasion
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Travelers to China who display flu-like symptoms may be randomly quarantined over concerns of the swine flu virus , the U.S. State Department warned . A child traveling with his parents wears a face mask after they arrive at the Beijing , China , airport . There have been cases of children being separated from parents after either tested positive for the virus , also known as H1N1 , a travel alert said Friday . Chinese officials may give medications to minors in such cases without consulting their parents , according to the alert . "  Although the proportion of arriving Americans being quarantined remains low , the random nature of the selection process increases the uncertainty surrounding travel to China , " the alert said . Swine flu is a respiratory disease of pigs transmitted to humans and caused by type A influenza virus . Symptoms include fever , lethargy , lack of appetite and coughing . There have been about 48,000 confirmed cases worldwide , including 519 in China , according to the World Health Organization . The Chinese government has taken measures to stop the spread of the virus . They include placing passengers who have fever or flu-like symptoms on a seven-day quarantine , the alert said . Others facing quarantine include those sitting close to travelers with symptoms , those with elevated temperatures and those from areas where virus outbreaks have occurred . A 15-year-old from Topeka , Kansas , told CNN on Monday that she was quarantined in Beijing for a week . "  Apparently , I was sitting too close to a man who had a fever on the 14-hour plane ride , " Kaitlin Hannigan said , adding that she initially thought she had a fever , but her temperature was fine when officials checked it . A day after she arrived in Beijing with an educational group , government officials showed up at her hotel . "  They were wearing quarantine suits , goggles and masks and , like , full body suits and gloves , and said I had to be quarantined for seven days because I came in contact with that guy , " Hannigan said . Earlier in June , New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Ray Nagin was quarantined in Shanghai after possible exposure to the virus . Nagin was headed to Australia on an economic development trip when he was quarantined for four days after sitting beside a passenger who was being treated for suspected swine flu symptoms . Nagin showed no signs of illness . State officials warned Americans traveling to China that they have to follow local quarantines procedures . "  The U.S. Embassy will be unable to influence the duration of stay in quarantine for affected travelers , " the statement said . The travel alert expires in September .	Travelers to China with flu-like symptoms could face 7-day quarantine Chinese government officials try to control spread of H1N1 virus New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Ray Nagin recently quarantined on China trip
Daegu , South Korea  CNN  -- Seung-min 's room has not changed in seven months . Even the bed is exactly as he made it , just hours before taking his own life . The 13-year-old was bullied at school , and he committed suicide by jumping out of his home 's seventh floor window . His mother , Lim Jee-young , reads his suicide note as she has countless times since his death . In the note he describes being beaten and robbed by boys in his class , burned with lighters and having electrical wire tied around his neck as a leash . At the end of the letter he says : "  I love you mum and dad , please do n't be sad I 'm gone , I 'll wait for you . " Lim had no idea her son was being bullied . "  The bullies began to come to our house before we got home and beat him , " she says . "  It got to the extent they were using a wooden stick and boxing gloves . But he did n't tell us any of this . " Lim and her husband were called by the police the day he died last December . She recalls the moment she arrived home and saw a body outside her apartment block covered in a white cloth . Bullied Chinese boy recovering from assault "  I pulled back the cloth and saw my son , " she says . "  I put my arms around him and felt he was still warm . I said he 's still alive , and I called for a doctor , but they told me he is already dead . When I looked up I saw the open window . " As she says this , Lim looks over at the window her son jumped from , reliving the horror . The boys who bullied her son have since been prosecuted and sent to a juvenile correction center , but Lim -- herself a teacher -- says the school is also at fault . "  The school wants to cover it up . Just five months before my son was killed , a girl in the same grade committed suicide because of bullying . But nothing was done , so it happened again . " The boy 's school declined to comment for this story to CNN but has since replaced its principal . School violence in South Korea is causing alarm at the highest levels of government . "  While the former generation overlooked it , school violence has become an important social issue , " President Lee Myung-bak said in his opening of parliament earlier this month "  This will not only influence the victims but also teenagers and society as a whole . " Teen says bullies beat him , sues New York schools The government announced a round of new measures to counter bullying in February , including forced suspensions of students found to be involved in school violence . They also lowered the age students can face criminal penalties to 12 from 14 . One of the main reasons for bullying in South Korea is intense competition between classmates and pressure to do well at school , experts say . "  At school , students do n't see their peers as friends but as competition and believe they need to beat them to get ahead , " says Joo Mi Bae , a clinical psychologist . "  Students who are good in their studies can immerse themselves in that , those who are not might try to bully or control someone else . " Government figures show the incidents of school violence are starting to fall , but there is still a high number of teenagers between the ages of 10 and 19 taking their own lives -- 353 in 2010 , or almost one youth suicide every day , according to the South Korea National Statistics Office . Schools are being encouraged to hold more team sports , rather than just celebrating individual success . Many schools also now have counseling services or so-called WEE classes . WEE stands for "  We , Education , Emotion and is an attempt by the government to give those who need help someone to talk to . Cho Hyun-jun , 17 , used the counseling service to get advice for his friend who is being bullied . "  Bullying victims have a hard time , " he says , "  because they feel there is no one they can ask for help , so a place like this is really important . " Teens charged in alleged bullying of student who later committed suicide CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this story	A South Korean family is reeling from their son 's suicide after he was bullied The 13-year-old was beaten , tied with electrical wire and burned with lighters School bullying in South Korea is causing alarm at the highest levels of government About one teenager a day commits suicide in South Korea
A review of a computer hard drive used by cop-killing suspect Eric Matthew Frein shows he planned the attack and his retreat into the woods for a couple of years , Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col George Bivens said Friday . Bivens said a hard drive which Frein had access to indicated extensive Internet research on topics such as "  how to avoid police manhunts , use of various law enforcement technologies and skills related to survival . " "  It did give us a lot of insight into the techniques that he might be employing -- what his escape might involve , " Bivens said . "  But it did not provide as much information as we might have hoped had it been his own computer . " Frein , 31 , is the suspect in a September 12 ambush that left Cpl. Byron Dickson dead and another trooper wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . He is still being sought . Police were able to track Frein through his cell phone when he called his parents one time earlier this month , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . Frein hung up after one ring , the source said . Authorities asked CNN not to report Frein 's cell phone use at the time . The detail can be reported now because police have identified the area where they believe Frein to be . The cell phone has not been turned on since that time . "  I 'm not going to comment on anything that may have been done with cell phones , " Bivens said Friday . Direct message from police Addressing Frein directly , the colonel said , "  You are a coward . Your actions have caused tremendous disruption for an innocent community all while you try to hide from us . We are not intimidated . We will not leave ... We will protect the community . We will find you and we will bring you to justice . " The nearly two-week search for Frein included the abandoned Buck Hill Inn , a sprawling 46-acre hotel complex . "  Frein has been known to visit the area in the past and it is a large facility that needs to be cleared , " Pennsylvania State Trooper Tom Kelly said via email . "  There has been no sighting there or no one specific reason as to why it is being searched . " Bivens added , "  We do know he has an interest in that location and do know he has spent some time there . " A war buff obsessed with Eastern European military conflicts , Frein has "  experimented with explosives , " Bivens said . "  We are taking that into consideration " and checking for "  booby traps " while searching cabins and caves where Frein might have been hiding . The suspect may have a radio with him . "  There is nothing in our investigation that indicates Frein has left the area , " he said . Suspect described as very meticulous Frein appeared in an upcoming documentary about Vietnam War re-enactors called "  Vietnam Appreciation Day . " "  Eric kind of kept himself to the side , " Patrick Bresnan , the director , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  He had mannequins that he brought that he dressed in uniforms . He was very meticulous about the layout of those mannequins , the weaponry that were with them . He had magazines from the period , letters from soldiers back to their family and a lot of photography . " Bresnan said most re-enactors see what they do as a hobby . A small percentage , however , take the practice too seriously , even hoarding both antique and modern weapons . There is a sense of empowerment they feel re-enacting battles , he said . "  There is the point in which the fantasy of being a soldier kind of gets blurred and they become a soldier , " he said . "  And I think that 's what we are seeing here with Eric . " Bresnan 's wife , Ivette Lucas , who also worked on the film , said of Frein : "  He was very specific , very precise about what he did . And he actually preferred to do what they call tactical re-enactments , which are re-enactments that are private and that are performed in the woods where they actually go out and hunt the , you know , in this case , Viet Cong ... He might have just snapped and took the fantasy a little bit , well , way more seriously . " On Wednesday , with as many as 1,000 law enforcement officers involved in the manhunt at any given time , authorities revealed that the meticulous , grid-like search over some 3 square miles of rugged terrain was paying off . There have been a number of sightings of a man believed to be Frein by both residents and police , Bivens said without giving further details . The sightings were from a significant distance , however . The search has yielded an empty pack of Serbian cigarettes , Bivens said . Frein claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa and has studied Russian and Serbian languages , according to the FBI , which last week named him one of its 10 Most Wanted fugitives . Soiled adult diapers were also found , perhaps used by Frein to stay in a stationary position for long periods of time . Authorities have said that Frein hated law enforcement and that they believe that he 's solely focused on hurting more officers but not civilians . Trooper Alex T. Douglass survived the shooting . "  I think this is a game to him in some ways , " Bivens said of Frein this week . Who is suspect Eric Frein ?	Eric Matthew Frein tried to call his parents earlier this month , source says Frein , a self-styled survivalist , is believed hiding in the Pennsylvania woods He is accused of killing one Pennsylvania state police officer and shooting another
CNN  -- Hashim Amla became the first South African to score a triple century in Test cricket as his side dominated No. 1 ranked England at The Oval Sunday . Amla was 311 not out as South Africa declared on a massive 637 for two wickets before taking four cheap England wickets by the close of the fourth day . It left England needing 150 runs to avoid a humiliating innings defeat with only six wickets left . Amla shared a record 377 unbroken stand for the third wicket with Jacques Kallis , who was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith called his men in . The previous Test best for South Africa had come from current teammate AB de Villiers , who hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11 . "  I am happy , surprised and really excited that I managed to do something that has never been done before by a South African , but the biggest pleasure is that the team is in a dominant position to win this Test match , " Amla told gathered reports . "  I did n't dream about getting 300 , " he added . "  I 've always been a person who never sets goals . In many ways that helps you because you can keep going without being limited . " Amla batted for just over 13 hours and hit 35 fours , including a boundary off Tim Bresnan when on 299 , lofting it over the infield before taking a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd . They had seen England 's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted on a docile pitch with Kallis reaching his 43rd Test ton in tandem . England took only one wicket in nearly two days of play , but South Africa 's bowlers made significant inroads when the home side batted again . Alastair Cook , who hit a century in the first innings , was caught behind off Vernon Philander off the eighth ball of the innings without scoring . Dale Steyn then quickly removed Jonathan Trott , caught behind off a superb delivery . Kevin Pietersen hit three boundaries in his stay for 16 until being bowled by Morne Morkel . When England captain Andrew Strauss top-edged a sweep against leg-spinner Imran Tahir to go for 27 his side were in deep trouble . Their hopes of avoiding defeat and going one down in a three-Test series will rest with Ian Bell and Ravi Bopara when play resumes Monday .	Hashim Amla hits undefeated triple century in first Test against England First time South African to achieve the feat in Tests No. 1 ranked England in trouble at end of fourth day They trail by 150 runs with only six wickets left
CNN  -- As the fallout from the botched launch of Affordable Care Act 's exchanges continues , it grows ever clearer that website glitches are only a small part of the problem with the cumbersome -- and increasingly unworkable -- law . One has to ask : Is President Barack Obama making this up as he goes ? It 's hard to imagine that the President and the team charged with implementing Obamacare could n't have foreseen the problems that have continually popped up . Yet , here we are , bringing in "  tech surges " to examine the website problems , security experts to mitigate privacy concerns , insurance executives to "  brainstorm " ways to actually insure people . And all the while the President has implied he was the last to know that storm clouds were on the immediate horizon . There are two possible scenarios here : One , the President is lying , and quite effectively . If he knew that the website would n't be up to snuff , or that millions of Americans would not , in fact , be able to keep their insurance plans if they liked them , then he simply made a calculation that many politicians make : Lies are n't necessarily fatal . Except when they are . Just ask Richard "  I 'm not a crook " Nixon , George "  Read my lips " Bush , or George "  WMD " Bush . Or two , Obama is hopelessly out of the loop . Whether it was the IRS scandal , the NSA spying program or these ACA collapses , no one in his immediate circle appears to have felt it necessary to inform the President of looming problems that he might have to answer for , let alone solve . If I were a Democrat like Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York , who recently told the New York Daily News , "  Saying you 're sorry does n't help me worth a damn at the polls , " I might be hoping it 's the former . Politicians who lie are hardly exotic . Chicanery is often merely the price of successful political salesmanship . Incompetence , on the other hand , is far more damaging to the Democratic brand . Whereas the left and much of the narrative in the popular culture have already written Republicans off as impolitic and inept , liberals , on the other hand , assert their intellectual superiority and tout their "  willingness to govern " and get things done as party mantra . Not only is the left smarter and more sophisticated , they insist , they 're also supposed to prove that government can solve problems . More pointedly , that big , unwieldy bureaucracies like the Department of Health and Human Services and the IRS can solve massive problems , like healthcare . Whether he was uninformed of or simply incurious about the potential failures , Obama 's lack of preparedness and competence in implementing his signature piece of legislation not only diminishes his credibility as a problem-solver , but it jeopardizes the faith in government that liberals rely on . When government looks hapless , private-sector innovators are empowered and emboldened . For liberals , that 's bad for business . Better they hope he was merely being dishonest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S.E. Cupp : Repeated snafus in health exchange rollouts make it seem Obama 's playing it by ear Cupp : He 's either lying about not knowing exchange website not ready , or he 's incompetent She says lying would be better it 's politically survivable . Incompetence is more damaging Cupp : Dems tout ability to make government solve problems . Botched rollout hurts their brand
CNN  -- 2005 champions Croatia take on neighbors and arch-rivals Serbia in the Davis Cup quarterfinals this weekend -- their first tennis clash since becoming independent nations following the break-up of the old Yugoslavia . The tie in Split gives Croatia home advantage , but in terms of world rankings Serbia , headed by Novak Djokovic , will start as narrow favorites to reach the last four . What is guaranteed is a tinderbox atmosphere in a Spaladium Arena filled to the brim with about 1,000 Serbian fans in the 10,000 capacity crowd . Mindful of recent incidents at the Australian Open where Serb and Croat fans have been involved in ugly scuffles , extra security measures have been laid on by local police . Yugoslavia reached the Davis Cup semifinals three times , the last being in 1991 , the year Croatia declared independence , leading to a bloody Balkan war with the Serbs . Fortunately , relations have improved at all levels between the countries and Djokovic told CNN 's Open Court earlier this year that players in the Croatian team were among his best friends on the circuit . "  I mostly get along with tennis players from my country , from Serbia , Tipsarevic , and from Croatia , Ljubicic , Ancic and Cilic , all these guys that I speak the same language with , it gets easier to have a friendship with and have a good connection , " he revealed . That friendship will be put aside when action in the best-of-five tie gets underway on Friday with the opening singles rubbers . Croatia have been hit by injuries to Mario Ancic and big-serving Ivo Karlovic , with Ivan Ljubicic coming out of Davis Cup retirement especially for this tie . With the reshuffles , a heavy weight of expectation falls on the shoulders of Croatian number one , 21-year-old Marin Cilic , who said the tie was going to be a "  memory for life . " "  It 's going to be a clash of two great nations , " he told the official Davis Cup website . "  There 's going to be a lot of tension in the air but hopefully everything is going to go all right . " Cilic , who lost in the first round at Wimbledon , like Ljubicic is at his best on the indoor hard court surface being used in Split . They will need to be with Djokovic , newly installed as world number two , leading a Serbian team boasting Viktor Troicki , Janko Tipsarevic and doubles world number one Nenad Zimonjic . Djokovic is confident of victory but also wary of Croatia 's home advantage . "  Given the quality of our team , it is logical to expect victory , " he told his official website . "  Of course , it is hard to predict what will happen there , because being a host in Davis Cup matches is an advantage . Djokovic wants top spot in rankings "  But , as I said , we have quality , which we 've been confirming years back and we can challenge any team on any surface in any country . I am optimistic , " he added . Serbia knocked out the United States 3-2 in their last 16 World Group tie to reach the quarterfinals for the first time but Djokovic wants them to go all the way . "  We have a good chance to pass the Croats , and I think we can go all the way to the finals , " he concluded . Djokovic opens against Ljubicic in the first singles match Friday , with Cilic then playing Troicki . In Saturday 's key doubles clash , Croats Ivan Dodik and Antonio Veic are up against Tipsarevic and Zimonjic . In other ties , defending champions Spain will be without world number one and Wimbledon champion Rafael Nadal as they take on France at Clermont - Ferrand . Spain are bidding for a hat-trick of titles while France are hampered by the loss through injury of their top-ranked player Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Another absentee this week is Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych who misses the Czech Republic 's visit to Chile in Coquimbo . Russia have Nikolay Davydenko back for their Moscow tie against Argentina , who are missing injured U.S. Open champ Juan Martin del Potro .	Croatia take on Serbia in Davis Cup quarterfinal tie in Split First tennis clash between the nations since the break-up of the old Yugoslavia Serbian number one Novak Djokovic confident his team can secure victory Defending champions Spain without Rafael Nadal for tie against France
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- News of Jaycee Dugard 's safe return after 18 years in captivity gives Patty Wetterling hope . Patty Wetterling says the return of Jaycee Dugard "  is reaffirming " and "  a success . " Wetterling 's son Jacob is still missing after a gunpoint abduction almost 20 years ago near their home in St. Joseph , Minnesota . "  Jacob was with his best friend and his brother . They witnessed it , " Wetterling says , recalling that day back in October 1989 . "  They saw this masked man with a gun . " Jaycee Dugard 's return "  is reaffirming , " Wetterling adds . "  There are cases where nobody believed -LSB- the children -RSB- were coming home , and they did . This is one . So for me , it makes my heart smile . It 's a success . " Watch mom talk about hopes for son " Both children -- Jaycee Dugard and Jacob Wetterling -- were 11 years old at the time of their abductions . Wetterling met Dugard 's mother , Terry Probyn , on a television show -- "  it might have been ` Geraldo , ' " as Wetterling recalls -- shortly after Jaycee 's disappearance , and they also spoke on the phone occasionally . "  It 's just phenomenal , " Wetterling says of Dugard 's case . "  I know a lot of parents of missing children , and we all hope and pray that one day we 'll get to hold our kids again . That 's the goal . " Wetterling says she has n't spoken to Probyn since her daughter 's discovery because the media chaos has yet to subside and since the family undoubtedly "  needs some time , they need some space ... to heal . " But knowing that the Dugard family now has a chance to rebuild their lives does more than fuel her optimism for Jacob . It gives her reason to go to work every day . Since her son 's kidnapping , Wetterling has turned being an advocate for families of missing children into a full-time job . After helping create the sex offender registry for Minnesota and subsequently for the nation , she helped build Team HOPE -- Help Offering Parents Empowerment -- a parent-to-parent mentoring program for mothers and fathers in similar situations . "  Most parents know nothing about child abduction , so when it happens you just scramble for what 's out there , " Wetterling says . She felt so strongly that children needed a bigger voice in government that she ran for Congress in 2004 and 2006 . She lost , but not without garnering more than 40 percent of the vote each time . A secondary math teacher until just shortly before Jacob 's abduction , Wetterling currently heads up the sexual violence prevention program at the Minnesota Department of Health in St. Paul . "  We 're all seeking solutions ... some kind of protection , some kind of prevention work . So that 's really where my energy flowed . ` How can we stop this from happening in the first place ? ' " A large portion of Wetterling 's job centers on ending social norms in television , video games and advertising that , she says , tolerate sexual victimization and in some cases "  sort of encourage it . " "  We -LSB- need to -RSB- collectively say , ` This is not OK -- you can not sexually victimize . ' " Through the program 's five-year strategic plan , Wetterling hopes to lower the numbers of children who become victims . But she says she 'll also continue educating others and , specifically , urging people to report any peculiar behavior . For example , the case of Jaycee Dugard 's is similar to many of the children who 've turned up after being abducted in that the only reason they were found is because of "  somebody noticing something and calling the police . " With Dugard , it was a police officer who noticed something suspicious , and Wetterling urges everyone to be just as vigilant . "  These kids do not come running forward on their own . They are found by someone else , " she explains . "  The bottom-line lesson is to tell people to report things when they see them . Trust your instincts ... You 'd want somebody sticking up for your child , so do n't second-guess . And call . " Wetterling described another example -- the case of a child taken from Wisconsin to a hotel in Texas . "  The maid in the hotel said , ` There 's something not right about this relationship . ' And the second time this girl was on ` America 's Most Wanted , ' the maid was watching and called the show . Within minutes -LSB- the child -RSB- was found . " An instance like that or Jaycee Dugard 's could very well be what brings Jacob home someday . "  C'mon home , Jake , " Wetterling says when asked what she 'd tell her son in the event he sees this story . "  We never quit . We need you home . And to the man who took him : It 's time . It 's time to lift the burden that you 've carried , as well , for all these years and tell us where he is and what happened . It 's time . "	Patty Wetterling 's son was kidnapped at gunpoint nearly 20 years ago Wetterling has met mother of Jaycee Dugard , now free after 18 years Mother has turned helping families of missing kids into a full-time job Wetterling 's message to missing son : "  We never quit . We need you home "
CNN  -- Three members of a suburban Boston junior varsity boys ' soccer team were arrested Friday in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a sports camp , according to authorities . The assaults occurred last Sunday at Camp Lenox near Otis , a town in western Massachusetts , according to the Berkshire District Attorney 's Office . The city of Somerville , just northwest of Boston , rented the facility for team-building activities for its fall sports teams . According to prosecutors , the three Somerville High School students allegedly entered a cabin occupied by freshman students and assaulted three victims . The eldest of the three juniors , a 17-year-old male , faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child under 16 , indecent assault and battery on a person who has turned 14 , assault and battery and intimidation of a witness . The two other male athletes , both 16 , face similar allegations , prosecutors said in a statement . The allegations were reported to members of the Somerville High School athletic department on Tuesday . A criminal investigation began immediately , officials said . In a joint statement , Somerville 's mayor and schools superintendent said , "  We are disturbed and appalled that these crimes may have taken place and our thoughts and concerns are with the victims and their families . " Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone and Superintendent Tony Pierantozzi said the district attorney 's office has given no indication that any other students were implicated . The alleged assaults appear to be a "  single , isolated incident . " Support services are available to help victims , parents and team members who attended the camp .	Three freshmen allegedly assaulted at sports camp Authorities arrest three JV soccer players from suburban Boston They face aggravated rape and other charges
CNN  -- When Josephine Hathcock of Newark , Delaware , went in for gallbladder surgery , she never dreamed she 'd wake up an ovarian cancer patient . Neither did her doctors , who found the cancer accidentally while she was on the operating table . To make matters worse , the cancer was stage 3 , aggressive and had spread to her abdomen . Ovarian cancer survivor Josephine Hathcock attended a Super Luncheon to raise awareness of the disease . "  I had no idea I had it , " says Hathcock . "  I just thought my gallbladder was having problems . " Since that surgery in 2003 , Hathcock has undergone numerous treatments , including more surgery and various rounds of chemotherapy . She 's made it beyond the five-year mark and is still going strong . "  To be honest , " she says , " I did n't think I would be here -- but here I am , and that 's good . " Earlier this month , Hathcock was asked to be a guest at a luncheon to raise awareness about ovarian cancer hosted by the first lady of Delaware , Carla Markell . The gathering was part of the Super Luncheon campaign , sponsored by the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund and held throughout September , which is Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month . The campaign 's goal is to raise funds for research into early detection methods , as well as to find a cure . The effort is also designed to raise awareness . "  A lot of people know about breast cancer and the treatments and its symptoms because breast cancer has a strong awareness campaign , " says Santo D'Asaro , who serves on the fund 's junior board . "  We felt it was time to make women aware that there are other diseases , other cancers that can affect them that are just as important . " Watch more on the Super Luncheons " The format of the campaign is to have governors or first ladies , such as Markell , host luncheons for the public in order to raise the profile of ovarian cancer . Markell , who is a breast cancer survivor , says it 's about time women learn more about a disease nicknamed "  the silent killer . " Paging Dr. Gupta blog : When words fail you "  One of the most important things we can do is alert people to what the signs and symptoms are , " says Markell . "  That way , women have a better chance of discovering it earlier . " Doctors say discovering ovarian cancer early is the key to survival . According to the National Cancer Institute , each year , more than 21,000 American women are given a diagnosis of ovarian cancer , and more than 14,000 women die from it . Ovarian cancer is called the silent killer because 75 percent of the time , the cancer is already considered advanced -- stages 3 and 4 -- when first found and has spread to other parts of the body . Doctors say early stage ovarian cancer symptoms are barely noticeable ; many women do n't know they have the disease until it 's too late . Dr. James Larson , a Delaware gynecologist-oncologist and a guest speaker at the luncheon , says the symptoms of ovarian cancer are fairly common and could be caused by other less-threatening illnesses , so women brush them off . "  Women can have abominable pain , discomfort , pelvic pain , or they can get full easy , have a loss of appetite , bloating , lower back pain and an urgency to urinate , " says Larson . "  But these symptoms can also be caused by other ailments we all have every day , such as muscle pain , back issues , even arthritis , or just be part of the natural aging process . " Furthermore , Larson says ovarian cancer is difficult to detect . According to the National Institutes of Health , there is no single effective screening test for ovarian cancer , "  which is the reason we need more money for research , " says Larson . "  Until we find a screening method or a cure , women will continue to die from this form of cancer . " Larson also stresses that women need to know more about the disease itself . "  I ca n't tell you how many patients of mine think a Pap test detects ovarian cancer , " he says , shaking his head . "  I tell them it 's for cervical cancer . There is no definitive test for ovarian cancer . " Although there is a blood test called CA-125 that can detect a protein produced by some ovarian cancers , doctors says it 's not a good screening tool for two reasons : Some ovarian tumors do n't produce enough of this protein to be detected , and the protein can also be produced by benign conditions such as endometriosis , fibroids , even pregnancy . Researchers are now working on new imaging techniques that could be used to screen women every so often , much like getting a colonoscopy for colon cancer . Arizona scientists have formed a team to design and build two versions of an ovarian cancer imaging and screening tool that would use new , sophisticated techniques to detect the disease . But these remain in the experimental stages . Progress is also being made on other fronts . The FDA last week approved a new blood test that can help determine whether an existing pelvic mass is likely to be ovarian cancer or not , before a woman has surgery . According to the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund , education and money for research are the best ways to fight the illness for now . Carla Markell and Delaware Gov. Jack Markell , along with their state Legislature , hope to raise money to fight ovarian cancer by allowing residents to voluntarily donate to the Delaware Ovarian Cancer Foundation Fund on their tax forms . The first lady says it 's a step her state is making to help women conquer this silent killer . "  Something needs to be done , " Markell says . "  And we do n't have time to waste , because women are dying . "	Super Luncheons hosted by governors , first ladies raise ovarian cancer awareness Ovarian cancer called "  silent killer " because symptoms of early disease are vague More than 21,000 U.S. women develop it each year ; more than 14,000 die
CNN  -- The Philippine authorities have significantly revised down the death toll from a strong earthquake that shook the country 's third-largest island on Monday . The state-run Philippines News Agency had reported Tuesday that the number of people killed by the 6.7-magnitude quake off the coast of Negros had climbed to 48 . It cited the Philippine Army , which was basing the figure on information from local government units . But PNA later reported that the army had reduced the total to 22 confirmed dead after it "  learned that not all believed dead in various towns and cities were accounted for . " The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council on Wednesday put the official death toll at 26 , with 71 people still missing . The quake in the central Philippines on Monday damaged houses , churches and many other buildings . It also set off landslides and has left at least 10 bridges unusable . The area near the quake continued to be rattled by aftershocks Wednesday . The Philippines is situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	State media had cited the Philippine Army as saying the death toll was 48 But Army later reduced the total to 22 after learning that not all the dead had been confirmed The government disaster agency puts the current death toll at 26 , with 71 still missing The area where the quake struck on Monday continues to be rattled by aftershocks
Washington  CNN  -- Chief Justice John Roberts is warning leaders in the other two branches of the federal government that the pending "  fiscal cliff " would "  inevitably result in the delay or denial of justice for the people the courts serve . " In his annual year-end report on the federal judiciary , Roberts on Monday said the federal courts have already made significant cuts in their funding , representing only about two-tenths of 1 % of the entire federal budget . He said a prolonged reduction would be extremely hard to overcome . "  I therefore encourage the president and Congress to be especially attentive to the needs of the judicial branch and provide the resources necessary for its operations , " said the chief justice . "  Those vital resource needs include the appointment of an adequate number of judges to keep current on pending cases . At the close of 2012 , 27 of the existing judicial vacancies are designated as presenting judicial emergencies . " Roberts made his remarks in a 16-page summary of U.S. courts , part of his role as head of the entire federal judiciary . President Barack Obama said Monday an agreement to avert the "  fiscal cliff " of automatic tax increases and spending cuts appeared to be "  within sight . " Senate and House leaders were continuing to meet behind closed doors with White House officials , including Vice President Joe Biden , to reach at least a temporary tax and spending agreement . Roberts noted the judicial branch generally receives less attention when it comes to its spending , but an "  aggressive " cost-containment strategy has been in place since 2004 . "  Our country faces new challenges , including the much publicized ` fiscal cliff ' and the longer-term problem of a truly extravagant and burgeoning national debt , " Roberts said . "  No one seriously doubts that the country 's fiscal ledger has gone awry . The public properly looks to its elected officials to craft a solution . We in the judiciary stand outside the political arena , but we can continue to do our part to address the financial challenges within our sphere . " The federal court system and its administrative offices operate on an annual budget of nearly $ 7 billion . That includes judges trying and hearing cases and appeals , both criminal and civil ; managing pretrial , defender , and probation offices ; and maintaining the bankruptcy court system . Most of the money -- about 62 % -- goes for personnel costs . Social media users vent over fiscal cliff Roberts said the Supreme Court itself requested a 2.8 % decrease in its $ 75.55 million operations budget in fiscal year 2012 . He added a 3.7 % decrease is expected for fiscal year 2014 . There currently are 75 judicial vacancies , according to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts . Thirty-two nominations by the president are pending , awaiting Senate confirmation . There are 874 federal judges , including the nine-member Supreme Court , the district and appeals courts , and the nine-member Court of International Trade . Past year-end reports from the current chief justice have focused on budget cutbacks , frozen salaries , rising caseloads , and court security . These summaries have been an annual tradition for about four decades . They were begun by the late Chief Justice Warren Burger as a way to speak to the executive branch and Congress , the judiciary itself , and the public at large .	A prolonged reduction in funding would be hard to overcome , Chief Justice Roberts says He notes 27 federal judicial vacancies are ` designated as presenting judicial emergencies ' ` Aggressive ' cost containment has been in place for federal courts since 2004 , he says
CNN  -- Ethiopia had waited 31 years for this moment -- and its football players did n't disappoint as it produced an impressive performance to take a point from defending champion Zambia . Forced to play with 10-men for much of the contest following the dismissal of goalkeeper Jemal Tassew , Ethiopia overcame a first-half penalty miss and a Collins Mbesuma goal to claim a 1-1 draw . Adane Girma 's 65th minute strike sparked wild celebrations amongst the Walya Antelopes ' fans and coach Sewnet Bishaw was left delighted with his team 's performance . Ibrahim eyes Africa Cup of Nations chance "  I 'm happy as we missed a penalty and drew . This is our first experience after 31 years so , as you see , it was fantastic for our football , " he told reporters . "  The players have shown their characters , and shown the rest of the world they can play football . "  The goalkeeper also has to defend , he went to defend the ball , and should n't have been red carded . " Ethiopia should have been ahead even by the time Tassew had been sent off for a reckless challenge on Chisamba Lungu 10 minutes before the break . Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Playing against a Zambia side consisting of 10 of the 11 which had won the competition in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea last year , Ethiopia started in impressive fashion and came agonizingly close to scoring . Ahmed Said raced through on goal and lifted the ball over the on rushing Kennedy Mweene but the ball somehow bounced over the crossbar . Buoyed by a vociferous following , Ethiopia continued to threaten and had the perfect opportunity to take the lead on 23 minutes when Said was fouled inside the penalty area by Lungu . But the striker appeared to lose his nerve at the crucial moment as his effort was easily dealt with by Mweene . That miss looked to have taken the momentum out of Ethiopia 's sails and it was left firmly on the back foot 12 minuets later as Tassew was shown a straight red card after taking out Lungu in dangerous fashion . Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams Slowly but surely , Zambia began to take the upper hand and it was no surprise when Mbesuma took Isaac Chansa 's headed pass in his stride before firing home from close range . But Ethiopia was not to be denied , and despite enduring a barrage of pressure , it fought back to equalize with 25 minutes remaining . Substitute Addis Hintsa picked out Said and it was his pass which allowed captain Girma to fire home at the near post past Mweene to seal a point . Mbesuma came close to stealing a winner for Zambia but coach Herve Renard admitted his team were fortunate not to lose following a disappointing display . Mali grab first win of Africa Cup of Nations He told reporters : "  First of all I would like to congratulate Ethiopia for a very good performance . "  I 'm not surprised -- I said be careful of this team , they are able to play very good football . "  Today , we have to thank our goalkeeper -- without Kennedy Mweene it could have been a very , very bad result . "  Our fans expected more than we did today , and they are right . Today , it was the fault of the coach . I did not prepare the team well to start the competition -- we 'll see how things go after the third game . Nigeria held In Group C 's other game , Nigeria conceded a 94th minute equalizer as Burkina Faso grabbed a 1-1 draw . Emmanuel Emenike 's 22nd minute strike had put the Super Eagles ahead and it looked on course for victory until defender Efe Ambrose was shown a second yellow card with 16 minutes remaining . And with just seconds remaining , Alain Traore rounded off a a wonderful counter-attack to steal a point and leave Nigeria stunned . "  All four teams have one point so everything is open , " Burkina Faso coach Paul Put told reporters . "  The performance today showed who Burkina are -- we have quality in the team . "  We were missing some key players so I am very proud of what we did . I was confident of getting a point against Nigeria . "  This was a very good result for us and I am looking forward to the second game against Ethiopia . " Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi , who won the competition as a player in 1994 , insists the disappointing of failing to close out the game will not affect his players . He told reporters : "  I am not going to let anything bring us down . I 'm very proud of the boys , who did everything I wanted of them . "  This game is gone and the next game against Zambia is very , very important . I 'll pick up the players and motivate them . "	Ethiopia marked return to Africa Cup of Nations with 1-1 draw against Zambia Ethiopia missed first half penalty and had goalkeeper sent off Collins Mbesuma gave Zambia the lead only for Adane Girma to equalize Nigeria held to 1-1 - draw by Burkina Faso in Group C 's other game
CNN  -- Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom should leave office during the investigation into whether he was connected to three recent slayings , his 2007 presidential opponent said Thursday . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom has said he has no intention of giving up power over the slayings inquiry . Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina , who lost to Colom in a runoff , said Guatemala is suffering its worst crisis since the democratic process began in 1985 after years of civil war . Demonstrations will continue and anger will mount unless Colom temporarily steps out of the way to allow an unblemished probe , he said . "  We want an impartial investigation , a transparent investigation , " Perez told CNN . "  The president must leave his post . " The crisis started Monday with the surfacing of a video in which Guatemalan attorney Rodrigo Rosenberg said Colom , the president 's wife and a top aide would be responsible if something happened to the lawyer . Rosenberg was gunned down Sunday while riding his bike in Guatemala City . He had recorded the video last week . Rosenberg was being threatened with death , he said , because he had blamed Colom and his associates for the April slayings of a prominent businessman and his daughter . Rosenberg had represented the businessman . They were killed , Rosenberg said , because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption as the president wanted . "  It 's the time-honored tradition in Guatemala that if someone gets in your way , there 's likely to be a violent outcome , " said Donald J. Planty , the U.S. ambassador to Guatemala from 1996 to 1999 . Colom took to the airwaves Monday night to vehemently deny that he , his wife or the aide had any connection to the slayings . He promised a full investigation and said he would accept international help , asking the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation to become involved . A Guatemalan newspaper reported Thursday that an FBI agent had arrived in the country in connection with the investigation . But Rosenberg supporters say they do n't believe the Guatemalan government can carry out an impartial and thorough investigation and want Colom out . Perez said Vice President Jose Rafael Espada could take over until the investigation is complete . "  We are only asking that the state be strengthened , " Perez said . "  If he does n't do this , we believe the situation will get worse . " Colom said in an interview Tuesday night with CNN en Español that he has no intention of resigning or otherwise giving up power . He blamed the deaths on unnamed people who want to bring down his government . "  It is evident that -LSB- Rosenberg 's video statement -RSB- was written by someone who has been in on this plan to destabilize the government and for reasons that I do n't know , because I do n't know why Mr. Rosenberg mentions us in that video , " Colom said . For Perez and other critics , that 's not good enough . "  The president has not wanted to confront this and has given evasive answers , " Perez said . "  Until the president confronts this , indignation will increase . " Some analysts say Colom needs to get the nation under control immediately . "  It 's a very worrisome situation , " said Planty , the former U.S. ambassador . "  The country is in very serious trouble . " There were rumors two to three weeks ago that the military might stage a coup , Planty said . "  The security situation is out of control , " he added . Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm , calls it "  a major political scandal . " Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a Washington policy institute , agrees with that assessment . "  It 's very damning for the president . Very damning , " he said . Fernando Carrera Castro , a fiscal analyst and executive director of the Instituto Centroamericano de Estudios Fiscales , said the upheaval could further tear apart a poverty-ridden nation trying to heal from a deadly civil war . The three recently slain Guatemalans -- Rosenberg , businessman Khalil Musa and his daughter -- came from the upper economic class . As a result , Carrera said , many wealthy Guatemalans are being "  radicalized " against the government . Likewise , he said , many poor and disenfranchised Guatemalans also are becoming radicalized and are rallying behind Colom and the government . "  I fear that this crisis will lead to violence and destabilization of the government , " Carrera said from Guatemala City . "  We all want justice . That is clear . " Juan Tornoe , a Guatemalan who has lived in the United States for seven years , rejects what he says are efforts to forge a class divide . "  The powers that be are trying to make it a social issue -- the wealthy against the poor , " he said . "  This is not a social issue . This is Guatemalans are fed up . " Tornoe has personal connections with some of the key actors in the crisis . Rosenberg was his wife 's law professor at La Universidad Francisco Marroquin , Tornoe said . And he said he went to high school with Gustavo Alejos , the presidential aide Rosenberg mentioned in the video . In his conversations with friends in Guatemala , Tornoe said , he sensed "  a sense of desperation , of hopelessness . " He believes people are fed up . "  They 're saying , ` OK . Let 's do something . Let 's not let this happen again and again and again , ' " he said . Carrera , the fiscal analyst , holds out hope . The investigation , he said , will be handled by an independent attorney general who does not report to the president . And the probe will be conducted under the watchful eye of a U.N.-Guatemalan commission set up to investigate corruption and political violence . "  That gives me more confidence , " he said . But Perez and others note that the attorney general , Jose Amilcar Velasquez Zarate , met privately with Colom on Tuesday morning , the day after the scandal broke . The meeting was not disclosed until reporters uncovered it and questioned Velasquez on his way out . Colom 's critics accuse the president of already meddling in the investigation . Colom and Velasquez said the meeting had been planned days ahead of time . "  There is no interference in the investigation , " Velasquez told reporters afterward . Guatemala has "  a culture of corruption , " said Planty , the former U.S. envoy . A just investigation is necessary , he said . "  Until they fix it , they will limp along -- and that 's the good scenario , " he said . "  They are in serious danger of becoming a failed state , if they 're not already . There is complete impunity . Nobody is punished for anything . " Rosenberg said the same thing in the video , bemoaning the "  narcos , assassins and thieves " who have taken over the country . "  Those thieves are sinking all of Guatemala , " he said . "  They kill people like dogs . " The lawyer 's niece , Mariela Rosenberg , said her uncle learned to accept his fate . "  He had many threats , " she told CNN en Español , "  and when he saw it was inevitable , he taped a video . " Radio journalist Mario David Garcia told CNN en Español that Rosenberg was supposed to detail his allegations Monday afternoon on Garcia 's program , "  Hablando Claro "  Speaking Clearly  . Instead , his funeral was held that day .	Lawyer who blamed Guatemala 's president for two slayings was killed Sunday In video released after his death , lawyer says to blame president if he is slain President should step aside during inquiry , says man who lost '07 presidential race President blames deaths on people he says want to bring down his government
CNN  -- The mixed reaction to the conviction of a New Jersey college student of a hate crime , after he spied on his gay roommate while he was having sex , has revealed an interesting generational split in the gay community . Many people my age , who grew up in the '50s and the '60s , when nearly everyone felt they had to be in the closet , seem to be sympathetic to the idea that a conviction that will discourage the kind of behavior Dharun Ravi engaged in is a good thing . The fact that his roommate committed suicide the day after the spying occurred , by throwing himself off the George Washington Bridge , certainly contributed to the climate that made many people satisfied by Ravi 's conviction . But quite a few younger gays -- 20-somethings -- seem more interested in a nuanced interpretation of Ravi 's behavior , and much more concerned that he faces the possibility of a 10-year prison sentence . It 's partly their closeness to the age of the defendant that makes them empathetic to the perpetrator of an offensive prank , which may have sparked a catastrophic outcome . But this is also a generation of gay people who grew up recognizing three distinct groups among their straight peers : supporters , neutrals and committed homophobes . And despite the jury 's verdict , they remain unconvinced that Ravi belongs in that third category . They are also more skeptical about the connection between Ravi 's spying and the subsequent suicide of Tyler Clementi . "  We do n't really know why Clementi jumped from that bridge , " is a typical assessment . After his conviction , Ravi told the New Jersey Star-Ledger , "  I wo n't ever get up there and tell the world I hated Tyler because he was gay , or tell the world I was trying to hurt or intimidate him , because it 's not true . " Many younger gay men believe him : They say the seemingly anti-gay messages Ravi sent to his friends fall far short of proving the kind of hatred they think is worthy of a hate crime conviction . "  I 've seen so much worse , " Tyler Picone told Ian Parker for a piece about the case in The New Yorker . "  The stuff that Dharun says is understandable , in a sense . If you find you 're sharing a room with somebody gay , and you have n't been raised in an open home , you 're going to say , ` Oh my God , what am I going to do ? ' " Writing in Slate , 24-year-old gay editor and columnist J. Bryan Lowder said that while he certainly was not "  excusing Ravi for his actions , " he believes that "  these civil rights statutes are being stretched to go after teenagers who acted meanly , but not violently . This is n't what civil rights laws should be for . ... We live in a world that validates adult bullies all the time . " It was also Lowder who said the precise reason for the boy 's suicide is ultimately unknowable . "  Based on the evidence that we do have , the image of Ravi as a malicious homophobe getting his just deserts looks dubious at best . " The complex point of view of this younger generation demonstrates how far we have come from the black and white world of the 1950s , when anti-gay prejudice was so commonplace that even the American Civil Liberties Union refused to oppose an executive order in 1953 when the federal government banned gay employees in all of its agencies and all of their contractors . A new generation of gay people believe that Ravi is far from being an outright bigot . They see his acts as immature and unfortunate , but they reject the view of the New Jersey jurors who decided he should be punished for hate . Ravi refused a plea bargain that could have spared him a prison term , but would have required him to plead guilty to a crime that he believes he did not commit . The usual practice in criminal courts across America is to punish someone with a harsh prison sentence when he is convicted by a jury after he has declined such a bargain . But my younger friends have convinced me that Ravi deserves a more nuanced punishment . Since Ravi insists he is without prejudice , he should be sentenced to speak at a different high school every week for a year . The nightmare he has already experienced makes him the perfect person to share a vital lesson : You do n't have to hate gay people in your heart to cause misery to others . Just the perception that you are anti-gay can sometimes have disastrous consequences . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Kaiser .	New Jersey college student faces 10-year prison sentence on hate crime conviction Charles Kaiser says some younger gays are questioning the wisdom of a harsh sentence He says there 's some doubt whether Dharun Ravi is really guilty of a hate crime Kaiser : A better sentence would be for him to tell high school students what he 's learned
CNN  -- "  Slumdog Millionaire " took home eight Oscars on Sunday night , a surprising achievement for a film once thought to be straight-to-DVD fodder . "  Slumdog Millionaire " with Dev Patel and Freida Pinto has a "  rags-to-riches " storyline with wide appeal . The colorful story , which mixes the gritty life of Mumbai 's poor with the shiny aspirations of the new India , features no stars recognizable to Western audiences , but it may have made one of its native country . So , is it time for Bollywood -- as India 's huge Mumbai-based film industry is called -- to come to America ? "  International cinema comes in cycles in the United States , " said Frank Lovece , a film critic with Film Journal International . "  Now , it 's Bollywood 's time . " But "  Slumdog " is a far cry from the lavish movie musicals made by Bollywood , which releases nearly 1,000 films annually . And it 's not authentically Indian -- it was directed by Briton Danny Boyle , and the leading actor , Dev Patel , was born and raised in England . Watch the "  Slumdog " principals talk about their victories " However , the film is a celebration of India -- from the slums to the Taj Mahal . It pays homage to Bollywood by incorporating many of the industry 's norms -- vibrant colors , fast-paced editing , a fairy-tale love story and a feel-good musical dance ending . " ` Slumdog ' is the reason why people go to the movies . It 's the whole package , " said Gene Newman , editorial director at Premiere.com . "  It 's an incredible story ... and it makes you feel good . " Memorable moments from the Oscars " Priya Joshi , associate professor of English at Temple University and author of the forthcoming book , "  Crime and Punishment : Nationalism and Public Fantasy in Bollywood Cinema , " said the film 's "  rags-to-riches " storyline has a lot to do with its wide mainstream appeal . "  Hindi film and Bollywood , in particular , is a profoundly political cinema about the crisis of the day , " she said . "  Today , the typical American feels like the poor in the world . ... This sense of vulnerability is what the film is able to capture . " Watch the "  Slumdog " stars talk about bonds between the cultures " Hollywood often has used international styles and filmmakers to its advantage . In its early days , the U.S. film capital embraced European directors such as Fritz Lang and Jean Renoir . The 1960s saw the influence of French New Wave cinema . Japanese films inspired "  The Magnificent Seven " and "  Star Wars " ; Hong Kong works inspired Hollywood blockbusters such as "  The Departed " and "  The Matrix . " "  Slumdog " is n't even the first film centering on India to attract Hollywood 's attention . "  Indian cinema has been around in the United States since Satyajit Ray in the early 1940s , " Lovece said . Ray , who won the Academy Award for lifetime achievement in 1992 , made films in Bengali , a language spoken in eastern India . Despite that fact , his movies , notably "  The Apu Trilogy , " have had universal appeal . Since Ray , many Indian actors have emerged on the Hollywood scene . Aishwarya Rai , one of Bollywood 's leading ladies , starred in 2004 's "  Bride and Prejudice " and appeared , more recently , in "  The Pink Panther 2 . " "  India 's movie stars are essentially the country 's ambassadors , " said Gitesh Pandya , box-office analyst and founder of BoxOfficeGuru.com . "  A lot of people going to see -LSB- "  Pink Panther 2 " -RSB- are learning about Bollywood through -LSB- Aishwarya Rai -RSB- . " From Ray to Rai , Indian influence in American cinema is vast . Many Hollywood films also have been influenced by Bollywood . Baz Luhrman 's 2001 musical "  Moulin Rouge , " a tragic romance told with song and dance , borrows heavily from Bollywood . "  These big , epic numbers are very reminiscent of Bollywood , " Newman said , also referring to "  Chicago , " "  Mama Mia ! " and "  West Side Story . " "  Musicals have always been part of the tradition of American cinema , and Bollywood really just took it to the next level . " Hollywood films such as 2008 's "  The Love Guru " and 2005 's "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " -- which ends with a musical dance number -- also borrow from Bollywood , Newman said , but are comedies that parody the enchantment in Bollywood films . "  There 's innocence and playfulness in a lot of the cinema in India , " he said , which is why Bollywood , in its authentic form , would not appeal to American audiences . "  We 're a little more cynical , " said Newman . " ` West Side Story ' is kind of laughable by today 's standards . ... But , for some reason , in India , that innocence is still acceptable . " Joshi said the cultural differences between Bollywood and Hollywood could make it difficult for Bollywood films to cross over to America . "  India is still clinging on to its social values , which explains Bollywood 's success everywhere but in America , " she said . "  Bollywood films do n't have any kissing in them or tend not to . Warner Bros. used to make movies like this in the past . ... If it 's ready to ready to return to its roots , then it 's ready for Bollywood . " American audiences may want to explore Bollywood films after seeing "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Pandya said , but it is unlikely that they will find another film like it . "  The film is obviously very successful , but it is its own entity so it does n't necessarily mean that people in this country will wake up to Bollywood overnight , " he said . "  Bollywood is not for everybody . ... People who love to see Adam Sandler movies are not going to line up to see Bollywood films . " Newman agreed , saying that , for now , America will see Bollywood only in small traces . "  I think a lot of filmmakers have been enamored with Bollywood , " he said . "  They 're investing over there , like -LSB- Steven -RSB- Spielberg . " But in American cinema , "  for the most part , there will be little tinges of Bollywood . "	"  Slumdog Millionaire " is not authentically Bollywood or Indian Hollywood has often used international styles and filmmakers to its advantage Film critic : It 's Bollywood 's time to influence American cinema Box-office analyst : Bollywood will have a hard time crossing over to America
CNN Student News  -- September 19 , 2014 History headlines today 's program , as we dive into Scotland 's past to explain how it came to be part of the United Kingdom . We also report on the foiling of an apparent terrorist plot in Australia , and we cover the debate in the U.S. over whether to arm Syria 's rebels . Also featured : a look into the issue of immigration and a Character Study involving music as medicine . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What celestial object is about 93 million miles away from Earth ? 2 . A volcanic eruption in what European country recently sent the smell of sulfur across the Norwegian Sea ? 3 . Name one of the two private companies awarded government contracts to develop NASA 's space "  taxis . " 4 . What is the world 's oldest currency still in use ? 5 . In what European city did dozens of international officials meet on Monday to discuss the ISIS terrorist group ? 6 . What part of Mexico , located between the Gulf of California and the Pacific Ocean , was lashed by Hurricane Odile ? 7 . In what U.S. state would you find the most endangered river in America ? 8 . How many hours long is a circadian interval ? 9 . Which chamber of the U.S. Congress voted 273 to 156 to authorize training and weapons for rebels in Syria ? 10 . Which chamber of the U.S. Congress gives advice and consent to the president ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
PHUKET , Thailand  CNN  -- Raddled by allegations of corruption and mismanagement by inept authorities , the Thai holiday island of Phuket looked destined within a few years to have its once-beautiful beaches destroyed by the side-effects of mass tourism . Since the 2004 tsunami made Phuket even more of a household name around the world , tourism boosters have catered to sharply increasing numbers of visitors , with the island 's overwhelmed infrastructure deteriorating rapidly . Bliss for many tourists became a sunbed on the beach where they could alternately loll and dip all day long and be serviced by locals bringing coconut juice or a cocktail , or perhaps even a delicious tiger prawn sandwich . Such pleasurable indulgence proved exceedingly popular , and some beaches eventually succumbed each tourism high season under a colorful sea of sunbeds . Along the foreshores at many beaches , illegal businesses sprang up and grew . Beach clubs predominated , but a visitor could spend hours in a beauty salon on the sand or even buy a time-share property . A constant stream of vendors left tourists little time to snooze . Paradise was evaporating , if it had n't already . Then an odd and unexpected event happened . On May 22 , Thailand Army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha assumed control of the country in a military coup following months of political deadlock between opposing sides . Within 72 hours of taking control , soldiers were on the holiday island , bearing promises to save the beaches and berate the administrators accused of contributing to the island 's simultaneous ride and slide towards increased popularity and ruin . A few months on , and Phuket continues to shake off the effects of decades of corruption that have been plaguing the island since the 1970s , when the first backpackers discovered the brilliance of the island 's gleaming west coast beaches and locals discovered a new source of income . Until recently , tales of mafia-connected taxi drivers ruling Phuket made regular headlines , whether it was for charging ridiculously high fares that were six times those of the capital , Bangkok , or forcing passengers to pay double -- not just for the trip to their destination , but also for the cabbie 's ride alone back to his base . In more extreme cases , drivers threatened violence against those who attempted to use alternative transportation options , as was reported in Phuketwan . Soldiers on the beach Today , all that is changing , due to the arrival of khaki and camouflage-clad soldiers . They tromped Patong , Phuket 's main west coast beach , enforcing the message that the hedonistic days of lazing on sunbeds were at an end , along with the vendors ' privateering ways . Sand was making a comeback . Though many Western countries have condemned Thailand 's latest coup , it may just have saved Phuket from further decay -- also producing some useful social outcomes for similarly troubled holiday destinations in other parts of the country . All beaches in Thailand are public space by law . The prohibition of private business operations on these public beaches is without exception , but has been ignored on Phuket and some other tourism destinations . Restaurants and beach clubs illegally encroached onto the beaches , right down to the high-water mark in some places , too many deriving private profits by ignoring the law and doing as they pleased . Because Phuket is 860 kilometers south of Bangkok , administrators posted by the central government seemed reluctant to interfere . Phuket locals interpreted the concept of public beaches as meaning anyone could use them , so first they added sunbeds , then built thatch and bamboo bars on the shore fronts . Over the years , entrepreneurs joined in , expanding the venues into large restaurants and beachclubs . Some businesses grew to the water 's edge . There was no enforcement by authorities to force them off the beach . Once the army took charge , though , local mayor Ma-Ann Samran , of Cherng Talay , says he began receiving daily visits from officers in civilian clothes . He had no hesitation in admitting he eventually acted to save the beaches in his district out of fear . " I was genuinely scared , " Ma-Ann said . " The Army let me know I had to act . " After decades of local " law " being applied , the Army transformation came at great speed , within days of the May 22 coup . Graders toppled beach clubs and restaurants , while the sunbeds and umbrellas were carted off in pickup trucks , banned forever . Tourists on all Phuket beaches now sit on towels . Taxi clampdown What happened with the alleged bullying that taxi drivers were accused of , was even more remarkable . Present-day Phuket police commander Major General Praveen Pongsirin found the army to be perfect allies to conclude his covert months ' long investigation of the island 's " mafia . " In June , more than 100 taxi and tuk-tuk drivers were arrested and charged with alleged intimidation and extortion , according to police . Local officials who allegedly sponsored the bullies were also arrested , police officials said . These include the Mayor of Karon municipality and his two deputies , plus the chief engineer and the senior officer , who remain on bail facing six charges apiece . When they appear in court , they 'll have the opportunity to enter their pleas . They have denied the charges . No court date has been set . Anti-money laundering officers have conducted raids and more arrests have been promised . Investigations into illegal activities at Phuket airport have also been launched . The major general said : " Phuket was n't like this 15 years ago . As the power of the taxis grew , so did their greed and arrogance . The only laws they recognized were their own laws . " Administrators posted by Bangkok came and went on Phuket periodically , perceiving all the problems , but powerless to seriously fix them . " The administrators were all able to see what ailed Phuket when they first arrived , " Major General Praveen said . "  But the longer they stayed , the more they integrated with the lawless locals and the more blind they became . " The army takeover , though , brought to the island the one organization in Thailand that is large enough to confront the taxi drivers and end corruption on , and abuse of , the beaches . The message from the army 's Major General Somchai Ponatong on arrival was blunt but effective : " I told the local authorities to do their jobs . The novel idea appears to be working . " Backhanders and corruption were previously considered the most efficient way for anyone to get anything done on Phuket , according to experienced expat investors and some local businesspeople . Investigations are now underway into resorts suspected of encroaching on national park land , led by the Public-sector Anti-Corruption Commission . Villas dot the hillsides , well above height restrictions . On Phuket , regulations stipulate constructions can be no higher than 80 meters above sea level . Now , says Major General Somchai , complaints are being listened to and acted upon , without regard to the degree of influence Thailand 's resident " big people " have always had under civilian governments . " Enforce the law , " the major general tells his officers , " free from favor . " " By November -LSB- start of the tourism high season -RSB- we will have made Phuket safe , clean and appealing to everyone , " he says . Coup , what a difference it 's made here . MORE ON PHUKET : Phuket 's coolest cafes and coffee shops MORE ON PHUKET : Insider Guide to Phuket Alan Morison is journalist based in Phuket and founder of the regional news and information site , He is a frequent contributor to CNN and a former CNN employee . He and fellow Phuketwan.com journalist Chutima Sidasathian face a continuing trial over criminal defamation and Computer Crimes Act charges brought by the Royal Thai Navy for re-publishing a 41-word section from a Pulitzer prize-winning report from Reuters on the Rohingya boatpeople . The charges , strongly criticized by rights groups and mentioned in passing in the US State Department 's Trafficking in Persons Report , predate the military takeover in Thailand .	The Thai military is cleaning up Phuket 's beaches A crackdown on taxis is now underway in response to years of alleged illegal practices , abuse and misuse " ' I told the local authorities to do their jobs . The novel idea appears to be working , " says military official
CNN  -- Singer and actress Eartha Kitt has died , her publicist , Patty Freedman , told CNN on Thursday . Actress Eartha Kitt , shown at a benefit for the Actors Fund in 2003 , performed almost until the end of her life . Kitt , 81 , died in New York , where she was being treated for colon cancer , Freedman said . Her daughter , Kitt Shapiro , was by her side . She was performing almost until the end , taping a PBS special six weeks ago in Chicago , Illinois . The show is set to air in February . The ringtone version of her recording of the saucy Christmas song "  Santa Baby " was certified gold earlier this month . Kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of Catwoman in the television series "  Batman . " That role produced Kitt 's recognizable sultry cat growl . She worked in film , theater , cabaret , music and on television during her lengthy career . According to Kitt 's official Web site , she was nominated for a Tony three times , a Grammy and Emmy twice . According to the biography on that site , Kitt lived in Connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren . Kitt was ostracized at an early age because of her mixed-race heritage , the biography says . At age 8 , she was sent from the cotton fields of South Carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in New York City 's Harlem neighborhood , the site said . As a teen , she auditioned for the famed Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe , was hired as a featured dancer and vocalist , and toured worldwide with the company . This launched Kitt into a life of roles in the entertainment field . According to the book "  Contemporary Black Biography , " she was adored in Europe in the 1950s as a cabaret singer . In the United States , her dance career led to a critically acclaimed stint on Broadway , including the play "  New Faces of 1952 , " which was later made into a movie . Broadway stardom landed Kitt a recording deal that led to a string of best-selling records , including "  Love for Sale , " "  I Want to Be Evil , " "  Santa Baby " and "  Folk Tales of the Tribes of Africa . " She recorded more than 20 albums , worked in hundreds of television and movie roles , and was invited as a guest to the White House several times . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Kitt died in New York , where she was being treated for colon cancer Her daughter , Kitt Shapiro , was by her side Her recording of saucy Christmas song "  Santa Baby " was certified gold last week Kitt made a name for herself in as Catwoman in "  Batman " TV series
CNN  -- Miami Heat forward LeBron James is the NBA 's 2011-2012 Most Valuable Player . The league announced Saturday that James is the winner of the Maurice Podoloff Trophy for the third time . He is the first player since Michael Jordan to win at least three MVP titles . James totaled 1,074 points including 85 first-place votes , from ballots cast by a panel of sportswriters and broadcasters , as well as fan votes . James , 27 , beat out Oklahoma City 's Kevin Durant  889 points  and the Los Angeles Clippers ' Chris Paul  385 points  . The Los Angeles Lakers ' Kobe Bryant  352 points  and San Antonio 's Tony Parker  331 points  , rounded out the top five vote-getters . The Heat finished the season with a 46-20 record and on Sunday and the team will open its conference semifinals match-up against Indiana . James led the NBA in plus-minus score differential and ranked third in scoring . On his team , he led the way in assists and tied for the lead in rebounds . At a news conference Saturday , James called his teammates to join him on the stage and said his individual award was the result of a team effort . Despite joining an elite group of NBA players who have been named MVP three times , James said his real goal is to win a championship . "  I would give all three of them back for an NBA championship , " he said . Kia sponsors the MVP trophy .	It is his third MVP title He credits his teammates for the honor James says the award he really wants is a championship
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen cited "  irreconcilable differences " when he filed for divorce from Brooke Mueller Monday afternoon , a marriage that apparently hit the rocks when he was arrested last Christmas Day . Sheen listed December 25 , 2009 , as their date of separation and the day their twin infant sons began living solely with him . The couple married on May 30 , 2008 . The divorce petition , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , requested jointed legal and physical custody of Bob and Max Sheen , the boys who were born to the couple on March 14 , 2009 . Sheen was arrested on felony domestic violence charges after Mueller called police to their holiday home in Aspen , Colorado , last Christmas . She claimed he held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her , the police report said . The felonies were reduced to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count in exchange for his guilty plea in August . The plea deal allowed his time in a a Malibu rehab center to count for his 30-day jail term . Sheen 's three-month probation is set to end Tuesday . He signed the divorce petition Monday morning , just six days after New York police reported finding him "  emotionally disturbed " in a hotel room . Sheen was briefly hospitalized for what his representative said was an allergic reaction to medication . The New York incident led to tabloid speculation that Sheen 's mental and physical health was in danger , but his publicist Stan Rosenfield sought to shoot down the reports . Rosenfield shared with CNN an e-mail he received Sunday from Sheen manager Mark Burg , describing the reports as "  complete bulls -- t fabricated lies !!! " "  Charlie is fine and will be at work on Tuesday , " Burg wrote . The son of actor Martin Sheen , Charlie Sheen signed a contract last summer to continue with his hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Charlie Sheen cites "  irreconcilable differences " with Brooke Mueller Sheen and Mueller separated last Christmas , the petition says Mueller called police to arrest Sheen on domestic violence last Christmas
COPENHAGEN , Denamrk  CNN  -- Actress Connie Nielsen hit the big time when she starred in "  Gladiator " as Lucilla , sister of the deranged Emperor Commodus . Since then she has appeared in hit movies including "  One Hour Photo " and "  The Hunted " . Connie Nielsen has always refused to play the Hollywood fame game . But Nielsen has refused to play the Hollywood fame game and seems drawn to challenging roles in controversial movies , including "  The Situation " , about the current Iraq war , and "  Battle in Seattle " , about the anti-globalization riots that took place in Seattle in 1999 . Nielsen now lives in the US and returns to Copenhagen every year . She talks to My City , My Life about what makes the city , and its people , so special . CNN : How do you define yourself ? Connie Nielsen : I absolutely refuse the fame part of my business . I refuse even the money side of my business . I try to do as good work as I can do , I try to grow in my art and reach for truth . That 's what I want from my art , that 's what I aspire to . I try to combine my work with my family , that 's what I aspire to . I do n't say that 's the only thing . It 's not all work and family , because otherwise you would be saying no to the many other things in life and there are many other things . CNN : The people here are supposed to be incredibly happy -- what do you think ? Connie Nielsen : I think it 's funny in a way because when I grew up here it was very unusual to hear the word "  happiness " . If you asked somebody , "  what do you wish for in life ? " they would n't say "  happiness . " I would have answered "  excitement , knowledge , " God knows -- I mean , many , many different things , but certainly not "  happiness " . It seemed like a foreign concept to wish for something that specific and that singular . And I think that a lot of Danes kind of feel like that about being the happiest people in the world . CNN : Is there anything you 'd like to change about the city ? Connie Nielsen : Anywhere there are social buildings that stuff people into boxes , concentrate poor people there . It 's specific to any big city . There was an effort to create buildings that concentrate these people very closely , and their social problems . They are still around in New York , Paris , London and here too . So if I could change anything about Copenhagen , or any other major big city , I would change the way we build buildings or housing for lower income people . I do n't think people who are already burdened with social , economic , psychological situations , dysfunctional families , need to be burdened with other people with the same problems . CNN : Is the city politically driven ? Connie Nielsen : I do n't think I can remember a moment in my life where people did n't discuss politics . People discuss politics at the table . I think some of the first information I received was politically charged  laughs  . It was at a time when girls were being told , "  Why do n't you go and learn how to repair machines rather than learn to repair your jumper ? Why do n't you learn to cut wood rather than learn to keep a house clean ? " in school . It was to make us conscious of what we were , how we defined ourselves and why you would accept one concept of yourself rather than another . Have you searched through the truth of that concept ? Have you deconstructed ? Have you made sure that its foundations are valid ? That 's how I grew up and I think it was wonderful . CNN : How would you describe the city architecturally ? Connie Nielsen : It 's everything here from very late renaissance to this 19th century golden age we had here . It 's that , intermixed with pure Danish modernism . I love the juxtaposition of it all . I love when we bring in metaphors for our past as well . CNN : A lot of the places you have taken us to have been very romantic , do you think there is a fairy tale quality to Copenhagen ? Connie Nielsen : An alternative society ... yes I do , I do feel that . I do feel that most things are possible here . I can dream here . I can imagine . CNN : What is it about the city that makes people creative ? Connie Nielsen : Well , we have a very , very long winter and it gets a little boring , so you better think of something to do ! It can get deathly boring , so you start using your imagination . Sometimes it 's necessity that produces it , because you need to do something . CNN : Is there something about the people here that want to change things for the better ? Connie Nielsen : I think so -- I think we 're an idealistic people . I think there are disillusioned people everywhere , there are doubters everywhere , but I do think there are constructive people here ; I do think that people believe in people . CNN : Do you take any inspiration from the city ? Connie Nielsen : Yes , yes I do . Whenever I come back here I remember that I want to write poetry  laughs  . I want to take more time to sit and paint some more . I want to do so many more things whenever I come back -- I 'm always reminded of that when I come here . CNN : You 've lived in lots of cities all over the world and still do . Why is Copenhagen special to you ? Connie Nielsen : I was born here and it 's the capital of my home country . It 's also immensely beautiful . Many of my friends live here and much of my partner 's family lives here too and so we bring our kids back here every year . It holds all the museums that hold our history , our culture , and I take our children there and I go there for my own pleasure all the time . I love going to museums . I love this city and I love cities that are on the water . I love the water element , specifically the sea . I grew up on the sea and I grew up sailing -- I love sailing -- and the presence of the sea gives the air and the light a very special quality that I absolutely adore . CNN : It seems that for a small place it has a lot of cultural influence . Connie Nielsen : Yes , it 's sort of a little pearl in the middle of the seas . There 's a lot of traffic through this place , from the east , west , north and south . And we are the southern part of the north , so everything from the south comes up here on its way towards the north , and the opposite . And it has left its mark . We are definitely some kind of place where culture is being deposited over and over and over again , but it also springs from here . It 's the kind of place that attracts creative people and so it springs from here too . CNN : If Copenhagen was a person , how would you describe it ? Connie Nielsen : If Copenhagen were a person , that person would be generous , beautiful , elderly , but with a flair . A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling , filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old -- somebody who takes good care of things and of people .	Connie Nielsen says she refuses the fame and money side of acting She says the long winters mean the residents have to be creative Copenhagen is full of history and culture , and Nielsen loves its museums The city is very beautiful and the light has "  a very special quality , " she says
L'AQUILA , Italy  CNN  -- The youngest had n't lived half a year . The oldest had lived nearly a hundred . A rescue worker Friday kisses the coffin of a child killed by this week 's earthquake in central Italy . The official government list of victims from this week 's earthquake in central Italy reached 287 on Friday , as Italians held a mass state funeral to lay the victims to rest . They included Antonio Loavan Ghiroceanu , who was born December 11 . He would have been 6 months old on Saturday . The oldest-known victim of the quake was Evandro Testa , 96 , who was born in 1913 . More than 200 caskets were lined up at the funeral , draped with flowers . At least one small white coffin belonging to a child sat atop a larger coffin , a baby 's pastel outfit hanging off the side . The funeral was being held outside a hangar in Coppito , a town adjacent to the earthquake 's epicenter of L'Aquila . Officials elected to hold the Mass in the open air to avoid the risk of injury from falling debris . Aftershocks continue to shake the region more than four days after the earthquake , and some were even felt during Friday 's funeral . All of the area 's cardinals and bishops , along with 100 priests , attended the special funeral Mass. . Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was also there , greeting and embracing some of the thousands of mourners before the service . Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone presided over the Mass as an envoy from Pope Benedict XVI , who plans to visit the region after Easter . Watch Italy bury its dead " Bertone said the funeral was a "  precious moment " to understand the meaning of life and death . "  Everything can stop in a second -- projects , plans -- everything finishes . All that remains is love , " he said . Watch more on funeral Mourners , who were transported to the funeral on buses , dabbed their eyes and noses . Some stared at the ground or held each other . Few appeared focused on anything but remembering the victims . "  I feel rebirth in the heart , because below that rubble there is a will to rebuild , to start again , to plan and to dream , " Bertone said , offering a message of hope . The towns of L'Aquila and the surrounding region , he said , "  will come back stronger , will have more courage and give life to these places with that power and strength and dignity of the soul that distinguishes them . " As well as sending Bertone to deliver his message , the pope sent holy oils to L'Aquila and a chalice with which to take Communion . Archbishop Giuseppe Molinari of L'Aquila also planned to deliver a message . The 6.3-magnitude quake Monday morning left about 30,000 people without their homes . Almost 20,000 of them are braving chilly nights in tents while about 11,000 others are staying in hotels , said Agostino Miozzo , a spokesman for the Italian Civil Protection Agency . Watch more on the aftermath Recovering from such losses and rebuilding the city of L'Aquila will take several years , according to Miozzo . The medieval city is about 120 km  75 miles  northeast of Rome . Berlusconi has said rebuilding will cost several billion euros . Aftershocks have heightened anxiety in the area -- including a moderate 5.6 magnitude tremor that struck the area Tuesday . "  The mood is a little bit afraid , " said Marco Volponi of the Civil Protection agency . He was working in a tent camp , housing people whose homes were inhabitable . In the nearby village of Onna , 40 people -- more than one out of every eight residents in the town of 300 -- were killed in the earthquake . On some streets , every single home was destroyed . Anna Rita Difilice lost her son , Fabio , 20 , to the quake -- the deadliest to strike Italy in decades and the first major quake in the country in seven years . She said she does n't know what comes next for her . Her village has become populated with tents , fold-up beds and feeding stations handing out food , water and other supplies for survivors . But she said she knew one thing : she 's not going anywhere . "  My son died here , " she said . "  There is no way I 'm leaving this town -- not ever . "	Italians have gathered to farewell nearly 300 earthquake victims Almost 20,000 have braved chilly nights in tents , about 11,000 others in hotels Toll from Monday morning 's earthquake continues to rise : 287 now dead
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama huddled with top military , foreign policy and national security advisers Wednesday as part of an ongoing review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan . President Obama and his national security team meet in the White House Situation Room on Wednesday . The meeting , the fifth such gathering in recent weeks , came as the administration continued to weigh a call for as many as 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan from Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in that country . McChrystal has said the extra manpower is necessary to implement an effective counterinsurgency strategy . Wednesday 's meeting , however , focused on efforts to strengthen the American civilian mission in Afghanistan , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Obama also received a report on ongoing efforts to train Afghan security forces , Gibbs added . While McChrystal is pushing for a major troop increase , others in the administration are advocating a different approach . Vice President Joe Biden has called for a counterterrorism strategy , which would focus on using special forces and technology to reduce the number of al Qaeda insurgents on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . "  I will tell you that our principal goal remains to root out al Qaeda and its extremist allies that can launch attacks against the United States or its allies , " Obama said Tuesday . "  That 's our principal mission . We are also obviously interested in stability in the region , and that includes not only Afghanistan but also Pakistan . " Obama has come under intense pressure from several leading senators to follow McChrystal 's recommendation , a move vehemently opposed by many liberal Democrats . As Obama huddled with his national security team , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said he 's not ready yet to support sending additional troops to Afghanistan . Hoyer also told reporters he has serious questions about U.S. chances for success in the region and the stability of the Afghan government . "  Afghanistan has not been a successful venue for many great powers in the past , " Hoyer said . "  I ca n't think of any . I think we also need to have some degree of confidence that the government in Afghanistan is a viable government that can create confidence within its people . I have reservations about whether that has happened at this point in time . " The majority leader also argued that the situation in Afghanistan ca n't be viewed in isolation and requires a regional approach that includes Pakistan and India . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said Sunday that any added military deployment that fell short of McChrystal 's request "  would be an error of historic proportions . " "  And I think the great danger now is a half-measure , sort of a -- you know , -LSB- trying -RSB- to please all ends of the political spectrum , " McCain told CNN 's John King . "  I have great sympathy for the president , making the toughest decisions that presidents have to make , but I think he needs to use deliberate speed , " he said . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , argued that U.S. troops would be put in "  jeopardy " if Obama does not listen to McChrystal . "  I do n't know how you put somebody in who 's as crackerjack as Gen. McChrystal , who gives the president very solid recommendations , and not take those recommendations if you 're not going to pull out , " she said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " Feinstein heads the Senate Intelligence Committee . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Wednesday that he is increasing British troop levels in Afghanistan to 9,500 , an increase of 500 . The British have the second-largest contingent in Afghanistan , after the United States , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Obama announced a plan to send 21,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March . A total of 65,000 U.S. soldiers are currently serving in the war-torn country . CNN 's Richard Greene and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Gathering focuses on efforts to strengthen civilian mission Administration continues to weigh call for additional U.S. troops Leading senators have urged president to approve request Vice president has called for counterterrorism strategy
CNN  -- Australian paceman Peter Siddle took six wickets including a hat-trick as England were skittled for 260 on the first day of the Ashes series at the Gabba in Brisbane . The home side were 25 without loss in reply at the close with Simon Katich 15 not out and Shane Watson on nine , the openers having survived a testing half hour to round off a superb day for Ricky Ponting 's men . But it was the heroics of birthday boy Siddle , 26 today , which put them in a strong position with his hat-trick the 11th by an Australian in Test cricket history . England were 197 for four wickets when he struck , removing Alastair Cook for 67 then Matt Prior and Stuart Broad for ducks in successive balls . "  It was amazing , but I hope it 's just the start of a great series for us . I was just trying to bowl fast , pitch it up and get it straight and they were three good players to get out , " Siddle told Sky Sports . "  It 's a good list to join , Australian hat-tricks in Test cricket . " A battling 76 by Ian Bell until he was the ninth man out to Test debutant Xavier Doherty lifted England to some respectability . Journeyman left-arm spinner Doherty , a surprise inclusion in the Australian team , wrapped up the England innings in the same over as he bowled James Anderson to finish with two wickets for 41 . England had begun their previous series in Australia , which resulted in a 5-0 thrashing , in disastrous fashion with paceman Steve Harmison 's well-chronicled wide . This time around , it was scarcely better as captain Andrew Strauss was dismissed for a duck to the third ball of the morning , edging Ben Hilfenhaus to Mike Hussey at gully . Blog : England 's Ashes hopes could turn to dust Cook and Jonathan Trott set about repairing the damage on a wicket with a green tinge and helpful to the bowlers , but with the score on 41 , all-rounder Watson bowled Trott for 29 . Kevin Pietersen played well for his 43 , but Siddle accounted for him and Paul Collingwood for just 4 in his second spell as he found the right length to bowl on the slow surface . Bell and Cook looked to be lifting England into a strong position , but Siddle , returning again to the fray , then struck in devastating fashion and also later accounted for Graeme Swann to finish with six wickets for 54 . Bell , who had been in fine form in the warm-up game in Tasmania , continued where he left off , but attempting to up the scoring rate only chipped a Doherty delivery to Watson in the covers . England , who hold the Ashes having beaten Australia on home soil in 2009 , have gone into the series as narrow favorites but will have work to do on the second day of the first Test , if they are to prevent the home side from building up a sizeable first innings lead .	Peter Siddle takes hat-trick as England dismissed for 260 in first Test in Australia Siddle ends with 6-54 at the Gabba as home side dominate opening day Ian Bell top scores for England with 76 and Alastair Cook makes 67 Australia 25 without loss at stumps in reply
CNN  -- With all the Facebook news lately -- the flat IPO , the regulatory interest , the Chan-Zuckerberg wedding -- it 's highly possibly you 've forgotten all about Twitter . If so , you 'd be like most Americans . Only 8 % of online Americans check their Twitter feeds on an average day , according to survey results released Thursday by the Pew Center for Internet & American Life . That 's up from 2 % in November 2010 and 5 % in August , the group says , but it 's nowhere near the numbers Pew tallies when it asks about online social networks in general . In February , the group asked Americans if they "  use social networking sites like Facebook , LinkedIn or Google Plus . " Sixty-six percent said yes . That 's not an apples-to-apples comparison , since the questions were asked in different ways and since Pew did n't ask about just Facebook specifically . But it 's fair to assume the vast majority of those respondents use Facebook , or Facebook in combination with some other social networks , said Aaron Smith , a senior research specialist at Pew . That means Facebook appears to be reaching a much broader chunk of the population . Perhaps confusingly , Twitter continues to make news for other reasons than popularity . The service was recently the basis for live question-answer-sessions with the U.S. president ; it played a role in coordinating protests during the Arab Spring ; and a Pakistani man inadvertently alerted the world to last year 's raid that killed Osama bin Laden when he live tweeted it . It 's also given consumers , including famous people such as director Kevin Smith , a way to complain about poor customer service . And it can create conversations between wildly different groups of people : Witness this exchange between Canadian rapper Drake and the billionaire oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens . A Forbes writer described the dichotomy -- that Twitter seems essential to some forms of communication but , apparently , is n't all that mainstream -- in this way : "  Twitter is growing in all sorts of ways : in the number of tweets sent per day , in the ad revenue it 's taking in , in the number of celebrities and brands using it in ways they quickly come to regret . But in terms of the overall proportion of the population engaging with the social messaging service , it might be in a bit of a lull . " User numbers also tell the story of Facebook 's rise and Twitter 's relative stagnation . Facebook says it has 901 million active users at this point , and the site is widely expected to cross the 1 billion mark this year . Twitter , meanwhile , says it has 140 million monthly active users . The site went through meteoric growth in its early years . But it 's been six years since Twitter launched , and by some metrics that growth appears to have slowed . Unsurprisingly , a Twitter spokesperson saw things differently . "  Growth is extremely strong . We announced that we have more than 140 million active users in March . The previous number we shared was 100 million active users just last September , " Carolyn Penner told CNN in an e-mail . "  To add to that , it took us 3 years , 2 months and 1 day to reach 1 billion Tweets . Now , we see more than 1 billion Tweets every 3 days . " In its survey , conducted in two chunks between January and April , Pew found that the percentage of online Americans who use Twitter has leveled off . Only 15 % of online adults in February said they used Twitter -- and that 's "  similar to " the 13 % who said they used the micro-blogging platform in May 2011 , according to Pew 's report . While the overall popularity of Twitter may be about the same , the subset of people who use Twitter frequently appears to be growing , according to the report . "  The proportion of online adults who use Twitter on a typical day has doubled since May 2011 and has quadrupled since late 2010 , " Pew writes . So it would appear that Twitter does matter quite a lot for some people . Smith , the Pew researcher , said in a phone interview that much of the growth in Twitter is driven by younger people who use the mobile Web or apps to access Twitter 's services . It 's part of the trend of "  constant access " to data , which "  really pulls people more deeply into the  technological  tools they use , " he said . And maybe that 's the trend to underscore , rather than pitting social networks at each other . Some tech pundits argue Facebook and Twitter serve very different purposes -- with Twitter becoming more of a news feed and Facebook becoming an online hub for friendships . What do you think ? Is Twitter falling behind ? Or , at a time when the network is democratizing the spread of information , at least for some people , does Twitter still have an important role to play on the Internet ? If you 're part of the elite , Twitter-addicted 8 % , we 'll await your responses on Twitter . And if not , CNN Tech also has a Facebook page .	Pew survey finds 8 % of American Internet users go on Twitter daily Forbes writer says Twitter "  might be in a bit of a lull "
CNN  -- Two world records tumbled in the Aquatics Centre Sunday while France claimed two golds including a stunning upset in the men 's 4x100m freestyle relay . Dana Vollmer gave the United States a winning start on the second night of swimming finals with a commanding swim in the women 's 100m butterfly , becoming the first woman under the 56 seconds barrier with 55.98 seconds . The second world record of the night saw South African Cameron van der Burgh claim the men 's 100m breaststroke gold with a 58.46 seconds clocking . The French gold rush then started with Camille Muffat in the women 's 400m from American Allison Schmitt with defending champion Rebecca Adlington taking a battling bronze for Team GB . But it was the freestyle relay which provided the most thrilling finish and a real upset as France 's anchor leg swimmer Yannick Agnel overhauled Ryan Lochte to give his country its first gold in the event after a series of near misses . The United States looked to have the gold in the bag after an improved Michael Phelps had given them a commanding lead after the second leg . But Agnel powered past 400m individual medal winner Lochte for France to win in three minutes 9.93 seconds . Russia took the bronze ahead of fancied Australia . The silver medal for Phelps , so disappointing in his opening final Saturday , was his 17th in the Olympics , one behind the all-time record of Larisa Latynina , a Soviet gymnast . Earlier , Vollmer 's dominance had been total as she finished nearly a second clear of China 's Lu Ying with Alicia Coutts of Australia in third . She bettered the previous world record of 56.06 seconds set by Sweden 's Sarah Sjostrom , who finished fourth , at the 2009 world championships . "  I just relied on my strengths , " Vollmer told gathered reporters . "  Just set it up well , passed a few people and charged it home . " Van der Burgh also broke a mark set at the 2009 championships in Rome , shaving Australian Brenton Rickard 's old mark of 58.58 seconds . He dedicated his gold to his former training partner Alexander Dale Oen of Norway , who died at an Arizona training camp in April of heart failure as the result of a blood clot . "  I just have to pay tribute to Alexander Dale Oen tonight , I know he has been with me this year , I think he helped me finish the race in such a strong manner , " van der Burgh said . "  Once you have become an Olympic champion that can never be taken away from you , " he added after finishing ahead of Australian Christian Sprenger and American Brendan Hansen .	Dana Vollmer of USA breaks women 's 100m butterfly record New world mark for Cameron van der Burgh in men 's 100m breaststroke Camille Muffat of France takes womens ' 400m with Rebecca Adlington third France then stun United States in men 's 4x100m freestyle relay
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish court is requesting an arrest warrant for alleged Nazi war criminal John Demjanjuk . In a ruling dated January 7 but released Friday , Spanish Judge Ismael Moreno Chamarro said Demjanjuk is accused of being "  an accomplice to the crimes of genocide and crimes against humanity . " The indictment said more than 150 Spaniards were imprisoned at the Flossenburg concentration camp , where Demjanjuk allegedly was a guard . Sixty of them died , according to evidence cited in the judge 's ruling . The ruling orders that a European arrest warrant be issued for Demjanjuk , who is currently on trial in Germany on charges of being an accessory to thousands of murders during World War II . He was extradited there from the United States in 2009 . Demjanjuk lost a U.S. Supreme Court case against his deportation . His lawyers had asked the high court to consider their claims that he was too ill and frail to be sent overseas . They also raised human rights and other legal issues . In the German trial , his defense attorney there has argued that the court was imposing a "  moral and judicial double standard . " The retired auto worker from Cleveland , Ohio -- a native Ukrainian -- was a prisoner of war during the conflict , and would have been killed had he not done what the Nazis ordered , the defense team argued in 2009 . The Munich state prosecutor brought the charges against Demjanjuk for his alleged role at the Sobibor death camp in Poland , where the Nazis and their accessories killed at least 167,000 people , according to the U.S Holocaust Memorial Museum . Relatives of victims have joined the prosecution 's case in Germany . The accusations against Demjanjuk date to the late 1970s , when the U.S. Justice Department accused him of being a Nazi guard known as "  Ivan the Terrible . " His U.S. citizenship was revoked in 1981 , and he was extradited to Israel in 1986 . Demjanjuk was convicted in an Israeli court in 1988 and sentenced to death , but that conviction was overturned in 1993 amid evidence that someone else was "  Ivan the Terrible . " A federal court restored Demjanjuk 's citizenship , ruling the government withheld evidence supporting his case . But his citizenship was revoked again in 2002 after a federal judge ruled his 1952 entry into the United States was illegal because he hid his past as a Nazi guard . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	A Spanish judge says man was a guard at a concentration camp where 60 Spaniards died He is on trial in Germany on charges of being an accessory to thousands of murders He was extradited to Germany from the United States in 2009 Demjanjuk 's lawyers have argued that he was a prisoner of war during the conflict
CNN  -- A dramatic injury-time goal by Juan Mata handed Chelsea a 2-1 victory over Wigan in the English Premier League on Saturday to boost their chances of qualifying for next season 's Champions League . All three goals came in the second half with Branislav Ivanovic opening the scoring Chelsea in the 62nd minute . Wigan 's French midfielder Mohamed Diame looked to have salvaged a point for the second-from-bottom side when he scored in the 82nd minute . But Juan Mata 's goal which came after Fernando Torres ' shot hit the post saw the Blues rise to fifth , now two points behind fourth-placed Arsenal . Tottenham Hotspur moved up to third place with a 0-0 draw against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light but Arsenal can overtake them again if they get a result against Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . League leaders Manchester United are also in action Sunday as they host Queens Park Rangers . Liverpool 's lacklustre form continues as they drew 1-1 at Anfield against Aston Villa . Should Liverpool sack Kenny Dalglish ? Chris Herd gave the visitors the lead in the 10th minute before Luis Suarez rescued a point for Kenny Dalglish 's side eight minutes from the end . The point lifts Liverpool to eighth with 43 points . Villa remain in 15th place with 34 points . Blackburn Rovers went down to West Bromwich Albion 3-0 at The Hawthorns to remain in the bottom three . The win sees West Brom climb to 12th . Norwich City and Everton drew 2-2 at Carrow Road while Bolton Wanderers suffered a heavy home defeat going down 3-0 to Fulham . Wolverhampton Wanderers now look certain to be relegated after a 2-1 defeat to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium . Peter Crouch claimed the winner which sees Stoke rise to 11th . Wolves remain bottom , six points from safety with just six games remaining .	Chelsea snatch a 2-1 win against Wigan to boost bid for a fourth-place finish Tottenham Hotspur draw 0-0 with Sunderland ; Liverpool draw 1-1 with Aston Villa Arsenal play Manchester City at Emirates Stadium on Sunday Leaders Manchester United host Queens Park Rangers , also on Sunday
CNN  -- Real Madrid smashed five goals past Rayo Vallecano to return to the top of the Spanish league after briefly being deposed by rivals Barcelona . The score flattered Real Madrid , who scored a flurry of second half goals late on after a brave Rayo Vallecano effort had threatened an upset . Gareth Bale returned to the starting line up to score within the first ten minutes and when Sergio Ramos added a second a heavy defeat was on the cards . But Rayo Vallecano 's Alberto Bueno made the most of a horrific defensive mix up to pull a goal back before half time . But Madrid eventually imposed their superiority on the game , with Toni Kroos , Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo completing the scoring . It was the tenth game in a row that Ronaldo has scored . It was also the fifth time in eight league games that Madrid have scored five goals . Suarez arrives ? Meanwhile Luis Suarez came off the bench to set up two goals , save Barcelona 's blushes and see the Catalan side briefly go top of the league . Barcelona had traveled to Almeria with question marks hanging over Luis Enrique 's team . A two game losing streak was followed by an unconvincing 2-0 victory over Ajax in the Champions League . The returning Luis Suaraz , signed in the summer but banned until last month after biting a player at the World Cup finals , had been far from his best too . Suarez started on the bench and Barcelona went into half time a goal down after Thievy Bifouma took advantage of a Lionel Messi mistake to fire Almeria into the lead But Suarez and Neymar were called into action in the second half which changed the shape of the game . The two combined midway through the second half to bring the sides level before Suarez 's cross set up Jordi Alba in the 81st minute to score the winner . But Coach Enrique was far from happy . "  The second half was better for the ambition and attitude shown by the players rather than for good football , " he said after the game . "  To have a good season , though , you have to win even when you do n't play well in games like today . " Bayern thrive , Dortmund dive In Germany , Bayern Munich continued their imperious form by beating Eintracht Frankfurt 4-0 thanks to a Thomas Mueller hat trick . The victory saw Munich go seven points clear at the top of the league , handing coach Pep Guardiola his eight victory in eleven league games . "  They were very aggressive in defense , we had a few problems with our structure , " Guardiola told AFP after the game . "  But the last 20 minutes was a completely different game . " Munich 's supremacy is no surprise to anyone , but the identity of the team propping up the league is . Jurgen Klopp 's Dortmund qualified for the knock out phase of the Champions League last week , but results on Saturday saw Dortmund fall to the foot of the table , the first time they have been in such a lowly position for seven years . Dortmund has lost five league games in a row . They play Borussia Monchengladbach Sunday .	Barcelona beat Almeria 2-1 . Almeria had led at half time . Introduction of Suarez turns game around . Barcelona go one point clear , but Madrid have game in hand .
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- The 22-year-old man under arrest in Saturday 's massacre in Arizona railed against government "  mind control " and illiteracy in online missives and had "  kind of a troubled past , " as the local sheriff put it . "  There 's reason to believe this individual may have a mental issue , " Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik told reporters Saturday night . An Arizona law enforcement source and a U.S. law enforcement source have identified the suspect as Jared Lee Loughner , a 22-year-old former community college student . He was taken into custody after the massacre at a Tucson supermarket that killed a federal judge , a 9-year-old girl and four others and seriously wounded U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who was hosting a meeting with constituents at the Safeway . "  Good-bye friends , " read a Saturday morning posting on Loughner 's MySpace page , just hours before the shooting . "  Dear friends ... Please do n't be mad at me . The literacy rate is below 5 % . I have n't talked to one person who is literate . " And a December 30 posting read , "  Dear Reader ... I 'm searching . Today ! With every concern , my shot is now ready for aim . The hunt , a mighty thought of mine . " Dupnik told reporters that the suspect had "  kind of a troubled past " that included brushes wtih the law . Though he provided no details , he said , "  We understand that there have been law enforcement contacts with the individual where he made threats . " Online , Loughner complained about the "  second Constitution , " a term legal scholars sometimes use to describe the post-Civil War amendments that ended slavery , extended the right to vote and required equal protection under the law . Its meaning to Loughner could not be clearly discerned . "  In conclusion , reading the second United States constitution I ca n't trust the current government because of the ratifications : the government is implying mind control and brainwash on the people by controlling grammar , " he wrote in a Decmber 15 video message on YouTube . "  No ! I wo n't pay debt with a currency that 's not backed by gold and silver ! No ! I wont trust in God ! " And in an apparent reference to Giffords ' congressional district , he wrote , "  The majority of people , who reside in District-8 are illiterate -- hilarious . " On his YouTube page , a list of his favorite books included both "  Mein Kampf " and the "  Communist Manifesto , " along with works by George Orwell , Ray Bradbury , Ken Kesey , Herman Hesse , Ernest Hemingway , Plato and Aesop 's Fables . But while the writer complained frequently about poor grammar and illiteracy , he wrote on MySpace on December 26 that he would n't correct his own errors . "  I think the CIA watches my-space , " he added . Loughner dropped out of high school in 2006 , after his junior year , said Tamara Crawley , a spokeswoman for the Marana United School District in suburban Tucson . Court records indicate he had been arrested for possession of drug paraphernalia in 2007 , but the charge was dismissed . In 2008 , he tried to enlist in the U.S. Army . The Army rejected him , and privacy laws keep the military from disclosing the reason , the service said in a statement to CNN . He also enrolled at Aztec Middle College , a partnership between Tucson schools and Pima Community College that helps high school dropouts transition to community colleges , PCC President Sylvia Lee told CNN . He took classes at the college from 2005 until October 2010 , when withdrew after five contacts with police "  for classroom and library disruptions " at two campuses between February and September , the school said in a statement issued Saturday night . Loughner was suspended after authorities found a YouTube video in which he called the school "  illegal according to the U.S. Constitution , and makes other claims , " the PCC statement said . He quit during an October 4 meeting with his parents and school administrators , and a follow-up letter warned that to return , he had to present a doctor 's note stating that "  his presence at the College does not present a danger to himself or others . " CNN 's Emily Smith , Barbara Starr , Thelma Gutierrez and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	"  Good-bye friends , " was posted Saturday morning on the suspect 's MySpace page The sheriff says the suspect had made threats before A local community college says he quit classes after several run-ins with police
David Petraeus ' resignation was not linked to the September attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi , Libya , and he never passed classified information to the woman he was having an affair with , the former CIA director told an HLN journalist . "  In our first conversation , " Kyra Phillips , from CNN 's sister network HLN , said Thursday , Petraeus "  had told me he had engaged in something dishonorable . He sought to do the honorable thing in response -- and that was to come forward . He was very clear that he screwed up terribly ... even felt fortunate to have a wife who is far better than he deserves . " Phillips , who has interviewed Petraeus in war zones , initially reached out to him to express shock at the news of the affair that derailed a highly decorated career in the military and CIA . Among other things , Petraeus said he has not talked with Paula Broadwell , his biographer and the woman with whom he had an affair , since the scandal broke . What the Petraeus scandal says about digital spying and your e-mail "  He insisted to me that he has never passed classified information to Paula Broadwell , " Phillips said . "  He said this has nothing to do with Benghazi , and he wants to testify . He will testify . " Petraeus is expected to appear Friday before the House and Senate intelligence committees , aiming to clear up "  a lot of misrepresentations of what he told Congress initially " about who was behind the attack , a source who has spoken with him said . Meanwhile , the "  general conduct " of Petraeus is the focus of a new investigation launched by the CIA 's inspector general , said CIA spokesman Preston Golson said . Among other aspects , this inquiry will explore whether Petraeus used CIA resources in carrying out his affair with Broadwell , a U.S. official said . In his first public comments on the matter , Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that Justice Department officials did not tell the White House about related FBI investigations -- including looking into possible breaches of top-secret information -- because it was determined national security was never at risk . "  Had we made the determination that a threat to national security existed , we would of course have made that known to the president and appropriate members on  Capitol  Hill , " Holder told reporters in New Orleans . "  But as we went through the investigation ... we felt very secure in the knowledge that a national security threat did not exist . " The former CIA chief did n't try to persuade his bosses to let him keep his job once he admitted the affair , and "  has maintained to me all along this was a personal failing , " Phillips said . The extramarital relationship ended months ago . But it continues to make waves in Washington , as suspicions ripple through the capital about the timing of its revelation and Petraeus ' scheduled testimony into the Benghazi attack . Top U.S. general caught up in scandal In addition , the chain of fiery e-mails that led the FBI to discover the sexual indiscretion has caused collateral damage , putting the imminent nomination of Gen. John Allen as NATO commander on hold , until the nature of his e-mail exchange and relationship with a military "  socialite " have been clarified . The FBI investigation was triggered by Frederick Humphries , a veteran agent for the Tampa FBI field office , who is a friend of Jill Kelley , said Lawrence Berger , general counsel for the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association . The tricky nature of investigating Gen. Allen 's e-mails Kelley , who was a volunteer at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida , contacted Humphries about anonymous e-mails that questioned her character , a U.S. official and a source close to Kelley said . Humphries took the information on the e-mails to the "  appropriate components , " Berger said . "  He reported it to the proper channels and had no further part in the case . " Asked about reports that Humphries pestered the agents assigned to the case for information , Berger said that was n't true . "  I do n't accept that . He followed proper protocols , " he said . However , the FBI is reviewing Humphries ' actions , a law enforcement official said . The agency will look at whether Humphries followed proper procedures in speaking to some members of Congress about his concerns about how the FBI was handling Kelley 's case . The review will include a look at whether the agent went through the proper chain of command at the FBI to raise his concerns , the official said . Humphries is still on duty in the Tampa office . Reports by officials familiar with the e-mail messages between Kelley and Allen give conflicting impressions about their potentially inappropriate nature -- with one U.S. official saying "  John Allen would be very embarrassed by them " and a senior official close to the general saying they do n't point to a sexual or romantic relationship . That Allen remains in command in Afghanistan suggests that there is no criminal issue , a U.S. official told CNN . But the official said the Defense Department 's inspector general could still find evidence of criminal conduct . The investigation into the e-mails connected to Allen and Kelley led to the discovery of the affair between Petraeus , 60 , and Broadwell , 40 . The fallout has been widespread , but there are signs that the FBI investigation is winding down , said CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director . There is no indication of criminal activity on the part of Petraeus or that he disclosed classified information , senior federal law enforcement officials told Fuentes . Kelleys ' financial troubles Kelley hosted top military brass at her home , but it 's unclear if Allen or Petraeus were aware that her family was experiencing financial difficulties or of the unusual background of a charity they founded . Public records show that in April 2010 , about six years after the Kelleys bought their $ 1.5 million home , Regions Bank filed to foreclose on the property , saying the couple had n't made a mortgage payment since September 2009 . Florida records show there are at least nine lawsuits involving money and the Kelley family , including unpaid credit card bills of more than $ 320,000 . Public records also show the Kelleys founded a cancer research charity in 2005 called the Doctor Kelley Cancer Foundation . In a 2008 federal tax return , the Kelleys ' charity reported it spent the exact amount of money it raised : $ 157,000 . The charity 's money paid for parties , transportation , legal bills and other administrative costs . There is no evidence any of the money was used for cancer research or caring for cancer patients . Asked for the Kelleys ' side of the story , a source close to the family told CNN the source did n't have enough information to respond . Broadwell 's security clearance It appears unlikely that Broadwell would face prosecution in the case , a senior law enforcement official said . Officials continued to review materials taken from her home , and the FBI needed a presumption that there were classified materials there when they obtained a search warrant . But it appears that any violations of releasing classified information appear not to be egregious . Before the warrant was issued , FBI agents approached high-level Pentagon officials to ask them if material they had tied to Broadwell could be considered classified , two U.S. officials with direct knowledge of the case said . Defense Department officials said they were classified . As a military reservist , Broadwell had security clearance but presumably would have no clear reason to have classified information in her home , the officials said . The military has many safeguards in place , including not allowing data to be saved on hard drives and restricting what can be sent out by e-mail , to prevent secret info from getting out . Broadwell 's security clearance with the government has since been suspended , pending the outcome of the investigation , said the officials . The relevance of Paula Broadwell 's security clearance Petraeus reportedly has not been following the media firestorm over the extramarital affair that led to his resignation . "  He wants to maintain a distance and focus on his family at this time , " his aide , retired Col. Peter Mansoor , has said . The affair with Broadwell ended about four months ago , Mansoor said , though the two remained in contact afterward , as she needed his help to finish her dissertation . Read more : How pillow talk could be security threat Who 's who in the scandal Read more : The Petraeus scandal : What we know Timeline of the Petraeus affair Tough choice for Obama on Petraeus ' successor Amanpour : CIA vs. FBI in Petraeus scandal How Petraeus changed the U.S. military Petraeus ' other seduction Acting CIA chief has been here before Opinion : 5 things we 've learned from Petraeus scandal	CIA will probe if Petraeus used CIA resources to conduct affair , a U.S. official says The FBI found no threat to national security and did n't tell the White House , Holder says A possible promotion for Gen. John Allen is put on hold , as he 's tied up in the scandal The security clearance of Petraeus ' mistress is suspended , a source says
CNN  -- Check with your airline before you head to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport today . No , really . Airlines had canceled more than 3,200 flights within , into or out of the United States shortly before 10 p.m. ET , according to FlightAware.com . And many of those canceled flights involve the world 's busiest -- but not the snowiest -- airport . The last time the Atlanta airport used its four snow plows to actually plow snow was the great snow storm of January 2011 , said airport spokesman Reese McCranie . The airport also has six snow brooms , four de-icers , seven spreaders , 100,000 gallons of de-icing fluids , 50,000 pounds of de-icing solid material and 50,000 pounds of a salt/sand mix to clear roadways . Related : Deep freeze slams Deep South As this latest winter storm crosses the country , flights at the Atlanta , Houston and Chicago airports have been the hardest hit by cancellations . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta is reporting 930 flights canceled , Houston 's Bush Intercontinental Airport is reporting 696 flights canceled and Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport is reporting 548 flights canceled . The numbers of arriving and departing flights canceled are expected to increase . "  Some planes are getting de-iced ... and we 're also putting preventative de-icing material on the  five  runways , " said Houston 's Bush Intercontinental Airport spokeswoman Darian Ward . The airport has shut down an above-ground train that ferries passengers between terminals . Instead , passengers are being asked to ride buses . Airport operations may return to normal soon if it warms up today , Ward said . #ATL24 : A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport Chicago 's O'Hare has been hit by airlines that are proactively canceling flights . O'Hare -- an airport with a bit of experience with snow removal -- reports only 15-minute delays for arrivals and departures . "  Our snow operations teams are out and doing their jobs , " said Karen Pride , Chicago 's Department of Aviation spokeswoman . Cleveland weather is n't slowing down most flights , either . Thirty percent of Cleveland Hopkins International Airport 's Tuesday flights -- mostly smaller aircraft -- have been canceled . "  This is due to airline pull downs  reductions because of bad weather in other locations  and not because of weather , " said airport spokeswoman Jacqueline Mayo . Call your airline to change your flight Many airlines with flights departing and arriving at hardest-hit cities are offering flexible change policies for delayed customers . Check your airline website for more information . Delta Air Lines canceled more than 1,800 Delta and Delta Connection flights Tuesday , the vast majority at its Atlanta hub , said Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant . The nasty weather forced American Airlines to cancel about 350 flights Tuesday , mostly regional flights across the Gulf Coast , Mid-Atlantic and Midwest , an airline spokesman said . While declining to give specific numbers , United Airlines is "  reducing operations at Houston Intercontinental Airport and other airports in the mid-South and Southeast regions today due to severe weather , " said spokesman Charles Hobart , Tuesday . Citing near-record lows in the Midwest , United is also reducing operations Tuesday at their Chicago and Cleveland hubs and other Midwest airports . Make sure to confirm flights Wednesday Depending on how-hard hit they are , Houston and Atlanta airports may still be recovering from storm conditions on Wednesday , said David Baker , FlightAware 's chief executive officer . The Chicago and Cleveland airports could also face delays , depending on weather conditions in those Midwest cities . And what about your Amazon delivery ? Severe winter may also affect the delivery of your packages . Remember how winter storms slowed pre-Christmas deliveries ? FedEx , which is posting service alerts on its website , has already warned customers that hazardous conditions in Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas may cause delays in Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky and 12 other states . UPS is reporting "  severe weather impacts " in some of its delivery areas , according to company spokeswoman Susan Rosenberg . Check UPS.com to see which zip codes are affected . "  We make every effort to maintain service as long as safety permits , " she wrote , via email . "  If deliveries are interrupted , we will resume service as soon as it is safe to do so . "	As latest storm moves across the country , airlines cancel flights Atlanta airport , the busiest in the world , prepares for first snow plowing since 2011 Chicago and Cleveland airports deal with snow as a common occurrence
CNN  -- Alabama lawmakers passed a new bill Wednesday aimed at improving the state 's controversial immigration law , but critics said the new measure might make things worse . Demonstrators protested outside the chambers of the Alabama state House and Senate . Seven of them were arrested , said Justin Cox , staff attorney with the ACLU Immigrants Rights Project . The Southern Poverty Law Center 's legal director was among those arrested , said Marion Steinfels , a representative of the organization . Police could not be immediately reached for comment . The center is one of the plaintiffs in a federal lawsuit against Alabama 's immigration law . The new immigration bill , known as HB 658 , was approved by the state House and Senate Wednesday . The state 's governor will have the final say , with the power to sign the bill into law or veto it . "  We will conduct a final review of the legislation as passed and make a final decision from there , " said Jeremy King , a spokesman for Gov. Robert Bentley . "  Governor Bentley 's goal is to emerge with an immigration bill that is simplified , clarified , more effective , and more enforceable . " Alabama Sen. Dick Brewbaker told CNN that the new bill addresses unintended consequences of the state 's immigration law , including clarifying the types of documents that can serve as a form of official identification . It does not address parts of the law that are at issue in federal courts , he said . Critics say parts of the new measure would be even harsher than last year 's immigration law , which is known as the toughest in the nation . "  The new bill preserves most of the law while adding several positions that make it even more dangerous , " the Alabama Coalition for Immigrant Justice said in a statement . Cox , of the ACLU , said the biggest problem of the new bill was the requirement that the Alabama Department of Homeland Security post online the names of illegal immigrants that appear in state courts . The coalition said that provision "  amounts to a ` scarlet letter ' provision likely to lead to harassment and vigilantism . " The new measure also includes a provision that allows someone to be detained for up to 48 hours while authorities determine their immigration status . "  Alabama took a step backward in approving this ill-conceived measure , " said Olivia Turner , executive director of the ACLU of Alabama . "  Lawmakers were deaf to the concerns of many residents , business owners and police who realize this law is a bad idea . Alabama will continue to pay a severe price for a law that is almost impossible to enforce properly and blatantly unconstitutional . " House lawmakers voted 68-37 in favor of the Senate 's version of the bill Wednesday night . Before the vote , several representatives appeared skeptical about the Senate version of the bill . House lawmakers approved a different version of the bill last month . Rep. Napoleon Bracy Jr. criticized senators for the proposal , calling it "  a totally different bill that no one has had a chance to read that 's full of unintended consequences . " Other lawmakers worried that the measure would negatively affect the state 's economy , and expressed concerns about racial profiling . But lawmakers backing the bill said it protects the state 's residents and helps its economy . Alabama 's existing law , known as HB 56 , has several provisions , including one requiring police who make lawful traffic stops or arrests to try to determine the immigration status of anyone they suspect might be in the country illegally . A federal appeals court has blocked some components , however , including one requiring Alabama officials to check the immigration status of children in public schools . The Alabama law is one of a number of several state laws aiming to crack down on illegal immigration , and has become part of a nationwide skirmish between state federal officials over who controls immigration enforcement . Last month , the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments over Arizona 's similar immigration measure . A ruling could come in late June , just before the justices recess for the summer . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokesman for Alabama 's governor says he is reviewing the legislation 7 protesters against the new measure are arrested , an ACLU attorney says Supporters say the bill fixes unintended consequences of the controversial law Critics say it will make things worse
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Father Alberto Cutie , an internationally known Catholic priest who admitted having a romantic affair and breaking his vow of celibacy , was married this week in Miami , Florida . Father Alberto Cutie was married in Coral Gables , Florida , on Tuesday , according to court documents . Cutie , 40 , announced last month that he was leaving the Catholic Church and joining the Episcopal Church . A judge performed the marriage ceremony Tuesday in Coral Gables , Florida , for Cutie and Ruhama B. Canellis , 35 , according to Miami-Dade County court documents . Cutie , whose name is pronounced koo-tee-AY , is a native of Puerto Rico , and Canellis was born in Guatemala . He was received into the Episcopal Church on May 28 at Trinity Cathedral in Miami . He will pursue the priesthood in the Episcopalian faith , the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida said in a written statement . It was not immediately clear how long the process would take . Cutie -- sometimes called "  Father Oprah " because of the advice he 's given on Spanish-language media -- shocked some in the Catholic community when photographs of him embracing a bathing-suit-clad woman emerged last month in TV Notas magazine . He acknowledged having carried on a two-year relationship with the woman , who at that time had not been publicly identified . "  This is something I 've struggled with , " he told CNN in May . "  I do n't support the breaking of the celibacy promise . " Referring to his relationship with the woman , he said , "  It looked like a frivolous thing on the beach , you know , and that 's not what it is . It 's something deeper than that . " After the photographs surfaced , Cutie was removed from his duties at St. Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach and on the Radio Paz and Radio Peace Networks . Cutie had been president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace . He has also written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book , "  Real Life , Real Love . " John C. Favalora , archbishop of the Catholic Church 's Miami archdiocese , said last month that Cutie 's actions have "  caused a grave scandal within the Catholic Church . " Favalora also had harsh words for the Episcopal Church 's decision to accept Cutie . "  This truly is a serious setback for ecumenical relations and cooperation between us , " he said .	Alberto Cutie married Ruhama Canellis on Tuesday , court documents show Cutie was Catholic priest seen in tabloid photos embracing woman in bathing suit After pictures surfaced , Cutie admitted two-year relationship with the woman He said last month he was leaving Catholic Church and becoming Episcopalian
Washington  CNN  Congress is again up against the wire on a bill to avoid a government shutdown . But last-minute brinkmanship , which has become the norm on Capitol Hill , could be in the rear view mirror by Thursday afternoon if House Republicans can find enough Democrats to help them approve a mammoth spending bill . Internal battles among Republicans on spending bills are nothing new . House Speaker John Boehner routinely needs Democrats to help him pass funding bills . But this time House Speaker Nancy Pelosi does n't seem in the mood to help . "  If we do n't finish this today , we 're going to be hear 'til Christmas , " Boehner threatened at a Capitol Hill press conference . Democratic and Republican leaders brokered a deal on a $ 1.1 trillion spending package to fund the government through September and head off a government shutdown , but many liberal Democrats are bailing on the package . Eleventh hour additions of two policy provisions on campaign finance and banking rules have enraged those on the left who now say the bill is a special interest boondoggle . Related : Surprises hidden in spending bill The final gasp of the lame duck session is also a pivotal moment for Pelosi , who has publicly criticized the bill and called for those two items to be removed . Republican leaders have refused to make any changes . The top House Democrat has sent strong signals she 's vote against the bill , but Democratic leaders were n't officially urging no votes from their members . "  These provisions are destructive to middle class families and to the practice of our democracy , " Pelosi said Wednesday , making it clear the bill was unacceptable . Securing support from a significant chunk of Democrats is critical for House Speaker John Boehner because many of the conservatives in his party - as many as 60 -- will likely oppose it . They have insisted the spending bill should try to reverse President Barack Obama 's recent executive actions on immigration . GOP leaders opted to postpone the immigration fight until next year , leading members on the right say they 'll vote no . Related : Democratic backlash threatens spending deal It 's a gamble for House Democrats if they join unhappy Republicans and take the spending bill down . If it fails to pass GOP leaders , who have no appetite for a government shutdown , will move quickly to pass a three-month extension of current funding levels for federal agencies . Those items that Democratic negotiators fought to get included in this legislation -- and the GOP policy changes to gun laws and environmental policies they opposed and blocked -- will be lost . Democrats would lose any leverage they had on any new deal early next year when both the House and Senate are controlled by Republicans . "  We argued . We debated . We fought , " said Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , the chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee and one of the chief negotiators on the spending bill . "  You know - sometimes you give a little , you take a little . " Many House Democrats emphasize they were initially concerned with the spending deal because it only funds the Department of Homeland Security through February . DHS includes immigration and border control agencies . A new funding battle for DHS in February would tee up a fight over President Obama 's immigration action early next year . The other policy provisions added to the spending bill - one increasing the limit rich donors can give to national party committees , and one rolling back a key financial reform barring banks from using taxpayer-insured money for derivatives trades - have made it even more unpalatable . "  At this point I do n't see many Democratic votes at all for a bill that is so antithetical to the middle class , " Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , told CNN before heading into a meeting on the measure on Thursday morning . Other Democrats are taking a more pragmatic approach , stressing they are weighing the good with the bad . "  This may be a hold your nose vote , " Connolly told reporters , suggesting he could ultimately back the measure and any deal next year would only get worse for the programs he cares about . Connolly 's district is home to tens of thousands of federal workers who got a small pay raise as part of the deal . Related : Lawmakers chip away at campaign finance rules in spending bill The number two House Democrat , Steny Hoyer , who is in charge of whipping votes , would n't say how he would vote . "  We 're holding our powder dry , " Hoyer said . House Republican aides feel comfortable that even with large opposition in Democratic ranks they can get enough votes for the measure to eke out its passage . If it passes , the bill will be sent to the Senate , where many of the same divisions exist . While the debate over the measure will echo the bitter partisan tone that 's been the marker of this Congress , one thing unites virtually everyone on Capitol Hill . They all hate the name of the bill -- dubbed the "  Cromnibus " for a combination of a "  continuing resolution " and an "  omnibus " spending bill . "  It sounds like a horrible disease , " said one House Republican . A Democrat called it the "  Crummy-bus . "	Government funding is set to run out at midnight Republicans and Senate Democratic leaders want to pass a catchall spending bill to fund the government until September Democrats in the House have balked at language tucked in the bill that would roll out some Wall Street reforms
CNN  -- The most startling thing about the music video for British band Duologue 's song Memex is n't the ghostly way the slow-panning camera turns human skin into a landscape . It 's not how the model , actor Beryl Nesbitt , manages not to blink . And it 's not how at 3:30 in , with just a change in the lighting , the tone of the video abruptly gets dark and sinister . Rather , the most startling thing about the Memex video is that none of those hyper-realistic shots are photos . It 's a virtual 3-D scan of a human body , in this case , British actor Beryl Nesbitt . The knowledge that it 's virtual reality makes watching the video a little like seeing a Chuck Close for the first time : Your eyes initially registered a black-and-white photograph of monolithic scale , and it takes a few beats before you can believe that it 's a painting . London-based creative studio Marshmallow Laser Feast -- great name ! -- made the video for the band  and their friends  Duologue as an deep dive experiment into filmmaking for virtual reality . Hollywood has been using various kinds of 3-D scanning technology for years -- films like Avatar , and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , relied on it . But for the Memex video , the creators used 94 cameras , whereas some Hollywood studios have been reported to use seven , to capture Nesbitt 's glowing skin in the most microscopic detail possible . "  We were trying to push the realism of it , " says Barney Steel of Marshmallow Laser Feast . The team is interested in the combination between photogrammetry -- the science of taking 360-degree measurements from photos -- and panoramic high dynamic range lighting , which is like photographs of light from all positions and in myriad settings  for example , it could be moon lighting , or desert lighting  . Once they recorded both Nesbitt 's skin and a range of light , they worked with London visual effects studio Analog to merge all that visual data . The result is a high resolution , immortal , portrait of the actor 's skin . Of course , the Marshmallow Laser Feast team could have created a similar music video by just filming Nesbitt . "  Our ambition was to create the model at a really high resolution so we could take it to a games engine environment , " Steel says . "  At the moment we 're treating it like a sculpture . But if you spend enough time you can rig it to be exactly like a face . The software is out there to animate it like a motion capture . " That said , the Marshmallow Laser Feast team is n't trying to create a 3-D human scan that will show up in a scripted film or video game . They create large scale , mind-bending installations out of light and sensors , like Light Forest , which turned an entire room into an instrument of light and green lasers . So their objective is to find a way to loop virtual humans into their artwork . "  The exciting thing about virtual reality is it can give you a sense of presence that does n't exist in other technology -- and it feels like we 're on the edge here , " Steel says . "  The limiting factor is how realistic those little bubbles are . We 're interested in powerful experiences where you 're not bound by any of the restrictions of reality . " Read more from WIRED : Haunting Photos of the Children Toiling in Egypt 's Limestone Mines Unexpected Shooting Targets Used by the World 's Armies Someone Reinvented The Butter Knife And It Is Amazing How to Fix Your iPhone 's Annoying Autocorrect Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A London studio has used 3-D scans to create hyper-realistic images of the human body for a music video The creators used 94 cameras and panoramic lighting to capture the skin 's microscopic details The studio aims to incorporate virtual humans into their art in exciting ways
The husband of Farzana Parveen , the Pakistani woman stoned to death for refusing to participate in an arranged marriage , told CNN he killed his first wife so he could marry Parveen . Authorities said the first wife was killed six years ago . "  I wanted to send a proposal to Farzana , so I killed my wife , " Mohammad Iqbal said Thursday in an interview with CNN . Zulfiqar Hameed , district inspector general for the Punjab police , said Iqbal 's son from the first marriage alerted police to the slaying six years ago . Iqbal was arrested but later released on bail because his son forgave him , Hameed said . The son , Aurengzeb , who is in his 20s , confirmed his father 's statements to CNN . He said his father served a year in jail . Parveen , who was three months pregnant , was beaten to death with bricks Tuesday in the eastern city of Lahore by a group of about 20 people , including her brothers , father and cousin , police said . Police have arrested Parveen 's father and are searching for the other killers in this all-too-common crime . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has requested that Punjab 's chief minister , Shahbaz Sharif , submit a report on the incident . The United Nations estimates 5,000 women are murdered worldwide by family members each year in "  honor killings , " so named because the woman 's actions are considered to have brought shame on her family . But women 's advocacy groups say the crime is underreported and the figure could be around 20,000 a year . "  Most ` honor ' crimes can be traced to inflexible and discriminatory attitudes about women 's roles , especially around sexuality , " said Rothna Begum of Human Rights Watch . "  Women or couples seen as having brought ` dishonor ' on the community face violence , which is then held out as a chilling example for others . " Most honor killings in the Middle East and Central Asia occur in rural areas . Tuesday 's attack was unusual because it happened in a public area of a big city . Iqbal , a neighbor of Parveen 's family , said he and Parveen were supposed to marry , with the family 's approval , last year . As part of the arrangement , Iqbal said , he 'd given Parveen 's father 80,000 rupees and gold jewelry . Last December , Parveen 's mother died and her father and brothers changed their minds about the marriage , Iqbal said . The family decided Parveen , who came from a village in Punjab , should marry a cousin , police said . Parveen , 25 , and Iqbal eloped and were married January 7 in a court ceremony . He said she liked the color white and that she was a "  beautiful and good wife . " "  We were happy , " he said , though they were constantly worried about their safety . "  She loved us , " said Aurengzeb , Parveen 's stepson . "  She always made the most delicious meat stew for us . " The marriage enraged her family , Iqbal said , and they demanded he pay them 100,000 rupees  about $ 1,000  to let the couple stay alive . Iqbal , a farmer in the village in Jurranwala , Punjab , did n't have the money . The family had challenged Parveen 's marriage to Iqbal in the courts , accusing him of abducting her . The attack took place Tuesday as she was on her way from her lawyer 's office to the high court in Lahore , where she was expected to make a declaration that she had married Iqbal of her own volition . "  They left my office around 7:40 a.m. , " the lawyer , Rai Ghulam Mustafa , said . "  They arrived at the main gate of the High Court around 7:45 a.m. . The opposite party , the family members of Farzana Parveen , had been lying in wait for her among the cars . They suddenly attacked her , repeatedly hit her with bricks and killed her . " One family member made a noose of rough cloth around her neck while her brothers smashed bricks into her skull , said Mushtaq Ahmed , a police official , citing the preliminary report on the killing . Iqbal witnessed the attack and tried to protest , but was held back . Police said they had arrested Parveen 's father , whose name they gave only as Azeem . They said he had admitted to the killing and expressed no regret . Senior Police Officer Umar Cheema told CNN that law enforcement agents are conducting raids in areas near the village to find the other killers . Iqbal said nobody helped when the stoning began . People just stood around and watched . Farzana Bari , a human rights activist based in Islamabad , said in many cases people outside the family do n't step in to protect the victim "  because it 's a private matter . " Bari said the number of honor killings is probably much higher than studies show because many families do n't report the killings , and the killers often avoid prosecution . Under an Islamic element of Pakistani law , known as the law of Diyat , the family of a victim is allowed to forgive the perpetrator , according to the human rights commission 's report . Lawyer Maliha Zia told CNN that "  blood money " is also part of criminal law in Pakistan . In certain cases , when both parties agree to reach a financial settlement , the court can take the settlement into consideration instead of jail time . Also , the courts can order financial reparations instead of imprisonment , Zia said . According to a report published in April by the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , 869 women in that country were victims of honor killings last year . Honor-based violence has been reported in Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Brazil , Canada , Ecuador , Egypt , France , Germany , India , Iraq , Iran , Italy , Jordan , Morocco , Pakistan , Sweden , Turkey , Uganda , the United Kingdom and the United States , the U.N. said in a report titled "  Global Violence Against Women in the Name of ` Honour . ' " Hameed said Iqbal was on the run for several weeks after killing his first wife and eluded arrest , and those facts would be incorporated into the report on Parveen 's killing . Why marrying for love should never mean death Gunmen on motorbikes kill American doctor in Pakistan India , Pakistan leaders meet , signal steps to rebuild trust	Husband of slain woman says he killed his first wife Pakistani Prime Minister orders full report on the killing Farzana Parveen , 3 months pregnant , was stoned Tuesday in a public area of a big city Her father , brothers and cousins participated in the stoning
CNN  -- North Korean state media has attempted to end the international speculation about the whereabouts of leader Kim Jong Un by publishing the first photos of him in more than a month . The North Korean leader gave "  field guidance " to a newly built residential district and visited the Natural Energy Institute of the State Academy of Sciences , state news agency KCNA reported Tuesday . Kim had n't been seen in public since he reportedly attended a concert with his wife on September 3 . It 's his longest absence from official events since he made his first public appearance in 2010 , according to NK News , a website devoted to analyzing North Korea . In the undated photos , Kim was surrounded by officials and could be seen walking with a cane . He was smiling and did n't appear , in the photos at least , to be in pain . Before his disappearance , Kim was seen limping , prompting theories that he was suffering everything from weight gain to gout . Non appearance His sudden disappearance took a concerning turn on Friday when he did n't appear at a events to mark the 65th anniversary of the Worker 's Party of North Korea . In previous years , Kim has attended the Kamsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang to pay tribute to his father and grandfather . This year his name was absent from the list of attendees . Instead , KCNA reported that flowers were presented at the shrine in Kim 's name . Kim 's failure to appear fueled rampant speculation : Was there a power shift in the North Korean hierarchy ? Could the young leader be ill ? According to Dr. Kim So-Yeon , the former personal doctor to Kim 's grandfather Kim Il Sung , Kim inherited a number of health issues , including psychological problems and a history of obesity . She told CNN both Kim Il Sung and Kim 's father Kim Jong Il suffered from diabetes , heart problems and stress . After studying the photos , she said Kim 's face appeared to have been swollen due to painkillers . And she also speculated that he has been receiving hormone shots to make him look more like his grandfather , the much-revered founder of North Korea . On Tuesday , U.S. National Security Council spokesman Patrick Ventrell said he could not confirm the KCNA report . "  We have seen these breaking reports but have nothing for you on their authenticity at this time , " he said . Before this absence , Kim 's longest disappearance from public view as Supreme Leader was 24 days between June 7 and July 1 , 2012 . His second longest absence was for 29 days between July 28 and August 27 , 2011 -- while his father was still alive , NK News said . Kim 's sole public appearance in September was at a Moranbong Band concert at Pyongyang 's Mansudae Art Theatre , reported by state media on September 4 . He was accompanied by his wife , Ri Sol Ju , his sister Kim Yo Jong and several top officials including Hwang Pyong So . CNN 's Madison Park and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	NEW : New photos are released of the North Korean leader A U.S. spokesman can not confirm the authenticity of a KCNA report Kim Jong Un has n't been seen in public since early September His disappearance from the public eye has fueled rampant speculation
CNN  -- The Boston Marathon bombings shook the nation . With one suspect killed and the other captured Friday night , there are far more questions than answers at this point . While authorities unravel details in the coming days and weeks , many people are curious about Chechnya and its history , hoping to better understand the background of the two suspected bombers . The important thing to keep in mind right now is that 26-year-old Tamarlan Tsarnaev had a green card , and 19-year-old Dzhokar Tsarnaev became a naturalized U.S. citizen in September 2012 . Assuming that their motives are related to their Chechen origins would be like assuming that Timothy McVeigh 's motives were related to his Scottish/Irish origins . Although the Tsarnaev brothers are of Chechen ethnic background , they are from the neighboring republic of Dagestan -- a tremendously diverse region that differs from Chechnya in many ways . According to press reports , they fled Dagestan for distant Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan in Central Asia sometime before or during the second Chechen war with Russia , which started in 1999 and spilled over into Dagestan . It is likely that they found many Chechen contacts in these new homes , which still have a Chechen diaspora remaining from Joseph Stalin 's forced deportation of the Chechen people to those republics in 1944 . From Kyrgyzstan , they emigrated to the United States in 2002 . Chechnya is a small republic within the Russian Federation of about a million people located in the Caucasus between the Black and Caspian seas . The Chechens have a long history of intense conflict with Russia . In fact , even after encircling the region through the conquest of Georgia , Armenia and Azerbaijan to the south in 1801 , it still took the mighty Russian army 60 more years to conquer the region . In 1944 , Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin accused the Chechens of treason and deported every man , woman and child to locations scattered through Soviet Central Asia in a brutal action with high death rates . The deported Chechen people were only allowed to return in 1957 , four years after Stalin 's death . It is quite likely that the grandparents or great-grandparents of the Tsarnaevs suffered through these horrible actions . When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , 15 constituent republics became independent countries , but Chechnya was just an autonomous region within the Russian Federation , and Russian President Boris Yeltsin refused to allow Chechnya to break free and form an independent state . In 1994 , he ordered the invasion of Chechnya to reverse its declaration of independence and to force the region back under Moscow 's control . The two-year war and the years that followed were filled with violence , chaos and lawlessness . Estimates of Chechens killed in the 1990s run as high as 100,000 . Dagestan was for the most part able to avoid the violence of the 1990s and stayed relatively quiet . Both Tsarnaev brothers most likely heard a lot about the second war between Russia and Chechnya that started in 1999 , a war that this time involved parts of Dagestan as well . This time , a radical Chechen warlord named Shamil Basaev tried to spread anti-Russian unrest to the much larger neighboring region of Dagestan . With a small army , he took several towns in Dagestan and a month later four residential apartments were blown up in Moscow and two other Russian cities , killing and injuring hundreds . He found little support from the peoples of Dagestan and instead spurred newly appointed Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to launch a new war against Chechnya . This round of fighting was even more brutal than the first war . Extreme Chechen groups turned to guerrilla warfare in the mountains , and horrific acts of terror in Russia , including the Beslan elementary school siege that ended with 334 people dead , including 186 children . Other acts included setting off bombs in the Moscow subway system and taking an entire Moscow theater hostage . Both the pro-Russian Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov and his various Chechen underground jihadist and nationalist opponents have denied any connection to the Tsarnaevs . The question of their links to any groups will be one of the most important questions for the investigation to come . In the past few years , both the Tsarnaevs excelled in sports and academics , and seem to have lived apparently normal lives . It remains to be seen whether their life experiences , nationalist or religious ideas led them to the Boston Marathon bombings -- or if their motives were more akin to the domestic mass killers we have seen far too often in places like Aurora , Newtown , Tucson , Columbine , and elsewhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Lohr .	The two suspected bombers of the Boston Marathon are of Chechen ethnic background Eric Lohr : People are curious about Chechnya and want to know more about the suspects He says Chechnya went through wars and chaos Lohr : It 's hard to tell whether their life experiences or other factors led them to their actions
CNN  -- MotoGP is the latest branch of motorsport to be hit by the global economic downturn as Japanese manufacturer Kawasaki ended a week of speculation by withdrawing their team . American John Hopkins rode for Kawasaki in the 2008 season with limited success . Aside from a brief spell in the 1970s , Kawasaki have been mainstays of motorcycling 's elite category but will not be supporting a work 's line-up in the 2009 season . "  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd announced today  Friday  that it has decided to suspend its factory MotoGP racing activities from the 2009 season , " read a statement . "  In a quick-changing business environment , Kawasaki has been promptly taking measures to cope with the situation , " it added . Kawasaki are following the trend set by Honda announcing last month they were quitting Formula One and Subaru and Suzuki withdrawing from the world rally championship . While the sums of money in MotoGP are much smaller compared to Formula One , it is believed Kawasaki spent upwards of $ 40 million per year in running a Dutch-based team . American John Hopkins and Italian Marco Melandri were due to ride for Kawasaki next season . Hopkins finished 16th in last year 's overall standings while Melandri transferred from Ducati after a difficult season . Kawasaki were founder members when the former 500cc world championship was rebranded as MotoGP in 2002 , but have never topped the podium .	Kawasaki quit MotoGP circuit blaming global economic downturn for decision Kawasaki joined other Japanese manufacturers in pulling out of motorsport John Hopkins and Marco Melandri due to ride for Kawasaki in the 2009 season
CNN  -- If language has anything to do with winning an election -- and it does  see below  -- we do n't need recent news that Obama is ahead in key swing states to teach us who 's going to be president for the next four years . The way Obama speaks and the way his campaign uses language will go a long way in warming the hearts of those who vote more on the basis of the gut than on policy details or preset commitments . Romney 's recent surmises on how cultural differences have determined the differing fates of Israel and the Palestinians have an analogue here . Romney and Obama come from different linguistic cultures , and unfortunately for Romney , his is increasingly obsolete . Romney not only looks but talks "  like a president . " Few consider Obama 's speaking style un-presidential either , but Romney 's speaking style , that of the airline pilot or the man in the GPS saying "  Turn right , " is even more of what we think of as how the commander in chief talks . However , that vision -- informed by memories of FDR , JFK , and Martin Sheen 's President Bartlett on "  The West Wing " -- is now out of step with what really stirs people in their guts about public figures . The cool , WASP-y voice now has an archaic ring to it , redolent of what Boomers long ago dismissed as the Establishment . Our era prefers a folksier voice , in real life , in movies , in music and even in our candidates for high office . This is partly due to the egalitarian preferences that the 1960s counterculture left in its wake , and partly that nonstop television and web coverage simulates intimacy . Even Hillary Clinton tried to fake a Joe Sixpack cadence speaking to working-class white audiences in 2008 , in a way that neither FDR nor JFK would have dreamed of trying to pull off . Obama , however , comes to folksy cadence naturally . It 's part of his speech repertoire as a black American . Some think him "  fake " when sounding preacherly in speeches to the NAACP , but they miss that Obama is doing just what most black Americans do 24/7 , sliding between two ways of talking : vanilla and chocolate . Romney 's stuck with the vanilla , while Obama even mixes in a bit of chocolate in mainstream speeches . As such , he has a warmer speech presence . His very intonation of "  Yes , we can ! " was indicative : it would have sounded hollow in the mouths of Hillary Clinton or John Edwards and downright pathetic from John McCain . His repeated incantations of "  Pass this bill " in his address to Congress last September made his address sound almost like a church sermon . The approachability of his cadence makes even the swipes he takes at Republicans sound less barbed than they would from Romney . We hear often that the taller candidate always wins . It 's also true that for decades , the warmer speaker has . George W. Bush 's Texan inflections made both Al Gore and John Kerry sound like schoolteachers . Bill Clinton 's light , scratchy drawl created an instant approachability that made Bush the father sound like a patrician and Bob Dole like the Viagra pitchman he eventually became . Yet , even Bush the father sounded approachable and "  nice " -- recall Dana Carvey 's send-up -- compared with Michael Dukakis ' beige speaking style . Ronald Reagan , smiling with a dusting of wry , sounded like your grandfather . Jimmy Carter , despite the Georgia accent , always sounded a bit sad and sanctimonious , while Walter Mondale sounded like your accountant . The language gulf between Obama and Romney is even on view on their websites . Romney 's , as I write , is bedecked with moral responsibility and learn the truth , negatives like Obama Is n't Working , and the petulant You did build that . Meanwhile , Obama 's site gives us snapshot , faces , listen up , loving , and chocolate  all of which also could be taken as evoking the Obamas as a family !  . To voters on the fence , what will appeal more : truth and responsibility or snapshots and chocolate ? The answer is clear . In an ideal world for Romney , his media coaching would include Henry Higgins-style speech lessons from Chris Rock or Louis C.K. Short of that , a presidential candidate who sounds like your father 's history teacher is dragging along quite the linguistic ball and chain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John McWhorter .	Mitt Romney 's linguistic culture is increasingly becoming obsolete , says John McWhorter Our era prefers a folksier voice in our candidates for high office , McWhorter says McWhorter : As a black American , Barack Obama comes to folksy cadence naturally For decades , the warmer speaker has won the election , says McWhorter
New York  CNN  -- The tragic death of President Lech Kaczynski and Poland 's political and military elite among the trees of the Katyn Forest is surreal , given that in those same woods , thousands of Polish prisoners of war were murdered by Joseph Stalin 's secret police . The delegation was headed for the Katyn Forest near Smolensk , Russia , to honor the 22,000 Polish prisoners of war killed 70 years ago by the Soviet Union 's NKVD , forerunner of the KGB . In 1940 , Stalin ordered the assassination of Poland 's military and political leaders in order to create a leadership vacuum so he could prop up a Communist puppet state in Warsaw . Many of those killed in Saturday 's plane crash helped to overturn Soviet Communism in Poland in 1990 . They included Poland 's top generals , several bishops , the head of the national bank and several deputy government ministers . During the five decades of Soviet occupation of Poland in the Cold War , the Russians covered up the Katyn Massacre , claiming that Nazi Germany had murdered these officers . But forensic evidence found in mass graves proved that the Polish prisoners were taken into the woods , with their hands tied behind their backs , and one by one , they were shot dead in the back of the head by the Russians . The mass graves were discovered by German soldiers in 1943 when they saw pawprints of wolves that had been digging up the bones . In 1990 , after the collapse of the Soviet Union , the truth began to slowly emerge with revelations by Russian leaders Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin . It 's no secret that Moscow was not excited about Kaczynski 's visit to Katyn , because he demanded to know the full truth about the murders . For the Kremlin , the official commemoration took place last Wednesday when Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and Kaczynski 's political rival , Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk , took part in ceremonies at the same gravesite where Kaczynski was heading . But Kaczynski 's delegation included family members of murdered officers who wanted the Russian government to open all of the remaining archives concerning the massacre . For decades , the cries of Polish families who want to know what happened to their loved ones have fallen on deaf ears . Kaczynski was their voice . Many will no doubt compare this crash to the 1943 death of Polish Prime Minister Gen. Wladyslaw Sikorski , who died mysteriously when his plane crashed into the sea near Gibraltar after he asked the International Red Cross to investigate the Katyn Massacre . At the time , the American and British governments were not willing to address the massacre because they were trying to help the Soviet Union fight Nazi Germany on the Eastern front . Let us hope the flight data recordings from Kaczynski 's downed plane will provide enough evidence to dissuade conspiracy theorists . Ironically , because of Kaczynski 's death , more people have already heard about the Katyn Massacre than would have heard about it had he simply placed a wreath at the gravesite . For those Polish officers in the mass graves at Katyn , Lech Kaczynski 's death was not in vain . Many Russian government officials appeared on Polish television after the disaster expressing sincere regrets over the death of Kaczynski and his delegation . Putin has flown to Smolensk , where he said that he would oversee the investigation into the crash . Hopefully , these are signs that this tragedy will somehow lead to the full truth about Katyn and reconciliation between Poland and Russia . For decades , Katyn has been the symbol of the worst in Polish-Russian relations . That is why several months ago , the Kosciuszko Foundation began working on a conference about the Katyn Massacre to be held at the Library of Congress on May 5 . The goal is to provide a forum for political leaders , scholars , authors and human rights advocates from Poland , Russia and the United States to discuss new details on the massacre , and the possibility of finding a path toward reconciliation between Poland and Russia . There will also be a display of rare Katyn photographs and documents on loan from The Council to Protect the Memory of Struggle and Martyrdom . Andrzej Przewoznik , secretary-general of the Council , was to be one of the speakers . He died in Saturday 's crash . Now , this conference and exhibit will be a tribute to him , as well as to the other Polish leaders killed in Katyn during the 1940s , and in 2010 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Storozynski .	Plane crash killed many Polish leaders headed to commemorate Katyn Massacre Alex Storozynski says the massacre by Soviets in 1940 remains a source of friction Polish president , killed in crash , was voice of those who wanted to know about the massacre Storozynski hopes for reconciliation for Russians and Poles still seeking full truth
New Delhi  CNN  Taking militants out with drones is n't simple , but it 's the best strategy available to eliminate the threat of terrorists in Yemen , U.S. President Barack Obama said Sunday . The administration 's policy in the increasingly unstable country has come under scrutiny in recent days as the U.S.-backed government crumbled under pressure from Shiite Houthi rebels . "  Yemen has never been a perfect democracy or a island of stability , " Obama said in New Delhi , where he 's on a three-day state visit . He described the U.S. policy there -- "  partnering and intelligence-sharing with that local government " -- as the best approach in a bad situation . "  The alternative would be for us to play whack-a-mole every time there is a terrorist actor inside of any given country , " Obama said . The unraveling security situation in Yemen -- the same country Obama cited as a model for his fight against ISIS terrorists -- has thrown the President 's counterterror message into question . In the capital , Sanaa , last week , the presidential palace was overrun by Houthi rebels and President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi announced he was resigning . That 's a problem for the United States , which has relied on the government in Yemen as an ally in battling the al Qaeda affiliate that 's based there . A power vacuum could benefit al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terrorist offshoot that U.S. officials consider the most dangerous branch of the global jihadi network . Amid the uncertainty in Yemen last week , it was reported the U.S. had suspended its counterterror efforts there . Obama said definitively on Sunday those reports were wrong . "  We continue to go after high-value targets inside Yemen , " he said . Obama himself cited the U.S.-Yemen partnership when he announced in September he was going after ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria . Explaining why he was ruling out sending American troops to fight ISIS , Obama said he was modeling his strategy after what he said were successful efforts in Yemen and Somalia to partner with governments to go after terrorists . "  This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us , while supporting partners on the front lines , is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years , " Obama said on September 10 . "  It is consistent with the approach I outlined earlier this year : to use force against anyone who threatens America 's core interests , but to mobilize partners wherever possible to address broader challenges to international order . " What that strategy relied on , however , was a strong partnership between the United States and the existing government in Yemen , led by Hadi . Hadi reorganized Yemen 's military to better go after AQAP , a strategy that worked for a time . But the plan was waylaid when resources were diverted to battle the militant Houthis , a group of Shiites who say they feel marginalized in the majority Sunni country . Obama was confident on Sunday that U.S. anti-terror efforts would continue in Yemen . "  What we have shown is that we can maintain the kind of pressure on these terrorist networks even in these kind of difficult environments , " he said . Who 's in charge in Yemen ?	Obama says Sunday that U.S. continues to go after "  high-value targets inside Yemen " despite unrest He says U.S. drone strikes plus partnering with local government are the best approach in a bad situation In September , Obama cited Yemen as a model for his fight against ISIS terrorists
CNN  I was finishing my studies when the war began four years ago . I had only two subjects remaining before I graduated from university with a degree in English literature . Since I was 10 years old , I have loved English and dreamed of becoming a teacher . I want to teach the younger ones , especially now , because children are the ones who will rebuild our country . They are Syria 's future , and they deserve our significant investment . Three years ago , my family was forced to flee our home near Damascus , in east Ghouta . Thankfully , we got out before chemical warfare was used there . We stayed in Syria for the next year , moving from one house to another , from one village to another . With each move , we felt no comfort , no safety . When you feel unsafe in a place that is being bombed nearly every day , you eventually must make a choice : Ours was to leave . And with only two packed bags , we did . We went to Jordan . I 've thought of returning to Syria . I want to be part of my country 's rebuilding , but sadly , I do n't expect this to happen any time soon . When we arrived in Jordan , I thought I would return soon to Syria -- in only a few weeks . We all thought so . It 's been two years . And while I still hope to go home one day , my biggest question is : "  When ? " I want to return so that I can teach . As a child , I was inspired by my third-grade teacher , who believed children are the future and who challenged us at that young age to create a better world . I think it 's rare for a teacher to instill this so passionately in her students , but I want to try . Although I hope to follow in my teacher 's footsteps , my path for now is blocked by the uncertainty of living far from home , by a war that has driven me here , by tuition costs in Jordan that are prohibitively expensive . Being away from home presents many challenges . You feel like a stranger in a foreign place . You 're not among people who know you , or who want to know you . As a Syrian refugee , it is nearly impossible to get permission to be officially employed , and I 've no money to complete my studies . Overnight , my dreams changed . In one moment I was at home with family and friends dreaming of studying English , of becoming a schoolteacher . In the next , it all feels lost . It 's impossible to work , impossible to study . We hope to meet our needs today , not so much to fulfill our dreams tomorrow . In Syria , I was responsible to my parents , now I am responsible for them . I dreamed of being a teacher , but because my parents are old , I must try each week just to protect them , to cover their basic needs of shelter , food and medicine . I needed some way to support my family . While most Syrians are not permitted to work , we can volunteer . I found a role with the poverty-fighting organization CARE in the urban refugee center in East Amman , Jordan , where I earn a stipend doing meaningful volunteer work . I have enjoyed it so much . After working there , I have become more social , and no longer feel isolated . It 's not like sitting at home , feeling powerless , losing confidence , wondering what I can do to help my family , to help my people . Instead , I feel empowered . I recognize my potential . And , because of that , I refuse to give up on my dreams . My hope is to resettle for the short term in another country so I can continue my studies . I want to complete my education -- and reclaim my dream of teaching Syrian children . Resettling could help shape my future so that I can help shape theirs . One day , I will tell them of the crisis we faced in the Syria that I left . We must be aware of this history , and learn from it . We must empower children to speak up and then be sure that their voices are heard . Change starts with them . And it starts with us . Each person has the right to pursue an education , to meet their most basic needs , to express themselves . When those rights are stifled , so , too , is a person 's potential , her opportunities , her power to create a better world , and in my case , a better Syria . My question to the U.S. people and the international community is this : Imagine your life has been turned upside down after you lose everything in a matter of hours : What do you believe in then ? What do you cling to ? The answer , I think , is : your dreams . We all have them . Mine , for the time being , have been deferred .	Four years of war means four years without schools and education in Syria Hiba was nearly done with university when she was forced to flee her home near Damascus To help Hiba and the many other displaced Syrian students , go to CARE
Atlanta  CNN  -- Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has n't seen "  jOBS , " the biopic of his founding partner that premiered Friday at the Sundance Film Festival . But in terms of how well the movie tells the story of Apple 's heady early days , his review is already in . "  It 's so awful and atrocious , " said Wozniak , who said he got access to a copy of the movie 's script . "  Unlike the way Steve and I really dealt with each other . "  I did n't want to have much to do with that movie . " The film , which stars Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs , has received early mixed reviews . Some critics said it portrayed an overly fawning image of Jobs , while others praised Kutcher and called it an appropriate , if inaccurate , homage to Jobs , who died in October 2011 . Speaking Wednesday at Georgia State University in Atlanta , Wozniak said he 's also watched a scene from the movie that was released online . In it , Wozniak says "  nobody wants to buy a computer " as Jobs tries to convince him of the potential . "  Never happened , " Wozniak said . He elaborated last week in an e-mail to Gizmodo : "  Totally wrong . Personalities and ... the ideas of computers affecting society did not come from Jobs ... . His idea was to make a $ 20 PC board and sell it for $ 40 to help people ... build the computer I 'd given away ... . -LSB- H -RSB- e always saw a way to make a quick buck off my designs  this was the 5th time  . The lofty talk came much further down the line . " Steve Jobs ' diet lands Ashton Kutcher in the hospital All that said , Wozniak thinks the movie might be fun to watch , comparing it to "  Pirates of Silicon Valley , " a 1999 made-for-TV movie that aimed to depict the early days of Apple and Microsoft . "  If it 's anything like ` Pirates of Silicon Valley , ' wow -- that 's going to be so popular , " he said . "  It 's the the fun part . The story 's when we were young , just like -LSB- Facebook biopic -RSB- ` The Social Network , ' that type of movie . " Perhaps predictably , Wozniak was higher on a Steve Jobs film being developed by writer Aaron Sorkin  "  The West Wing , " "  The Social Network , " "  A Few Good Men "  . Wozniak is a consultant on that movie , which will play out in three extended scenes , shot in real time , that depict Jobs at three product rollouts : the Macintosh , Jobs ' non-Apple product NeXT , and the iPod . "  It 'll have people like me backstage talking to Jobs and him ... doing his type of thing . I guess that 's how it 's going to be , " he said . "  Very creative . A very different kind of movie . " In an hourlong chat with Mark Becker , president of Georgia State , Wozniak answered questions submitted by students via Facebook and Twitter . Some of his other points : On advice to budding entrepreneurs : "  Believe in yourself . You do n't have to win arguments . You do n't have to prove to someone else that you 're right . If you believe you 're right ... that 's what matters . You 've got to follow what 's in your heart . The second piece of advice is : How far you go in life ... it 's how well-liked you are by the people you work with . That will determine how far you go up organization ladders and the like . Be nice to people . Do n't be cutting them down . Do n't be rude and all that stuff . That 's my philosophy . " On whether he has "  a love affair with Siri " : "  I also have a love affair with Android sometimes . " Wozniak , who is no longer involved in the day-to-day running of Apple , has long said he carries around multiple smartphones and other gadgets by various companies . On tech patent wars : "  New innovators should not be blocked . There is some room for patents . We develop stuff and sometimes you come up with something very clever and , yeah , there is some room for that . " But sometimes , he said , patents are awarded for "  something that really did n't take a great mind to think of -- a little 2-year-old with a pencil would have come up with it , almost . That 's a great problem because sometimes patents are used to inhibit innovation . " Sorkin : Jobs biopic will be told in three scenes	Wozniak : Story in Steve Jobs movie looks "  awful , " "  atrocious " Apple co-founder says "  jOBS " may be fun , but is far from accurate He 's higher on Aaron Sorkin 's rival Steve Jobs biopic , on which he 's consulting Wozniak says too many tech patents are stifling innovation
Los Angeles  CNN  -- George Lindsey , the actor who portrayed the country-bumpkin mechanic Goober Pyle on "  The Andy Griffith Show , " died Sunday after a brief illness , his family said . He was 83 . Lindsey 's funeral is scheduled for Friday afternoon in Nashville . He will be buried in his hometown of Jasper , Alabama , on Saturday , according to the funeral home . Lindsey 's character Goober Pyle joined the hit sitcom in 1964 as the cousin of Gomer Pyle , played by Jim Nabors . When the show ended four seasons later , Lindsey continued as Goober for three years on the sequel series "  Mayberry R.F.D. " "  George often told me his fondest memories of his life in show business were the years he spent working on ` The Andy Griffith Show ' and ` Mayberry R.F.D. ' " said Andy Griffith . "  They were for me , too . " Co-star Ron Howard remembered Lindsey as "  warm , intelligent and lovable , " in a post on Twitter . "  He generated lots of laughs & raised a lot of money for Special Olympics , " Howard tweeted . The Fairfield , Alabama , native never escaped the stereotyping that the Goober Pyle role brought him . Lindsey embraced it for another 20 years as a regular on TV 's "  Hee Haw , " by wearing the familiar hat and clothes of Goober and carried the character on the road for decades of stand-up comedy shows . Lindsey auditioned for the Gomer Pyle role when the show started in 1962 , but he was edged out by Nabors , the family 's obituary said . When he saw that first episode on TV featuring Nabors as Gomer , he kicked his television screen because he was upset for losing the part . "  Not only that , but now I did n't have a TV to watch ` Ben Casey ' on , " Lindsey wrote in his autobiography . He was finally added to the cast as Goober , eventually taking over the job of running Mayberry 's gas station when Gomer joined the Marines with his own spinoff , "  Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C. " Lindsey turned to acting after stints in the U.S. Air Force and as a high school teacher . He studied at the American Theater Wing in New York for two years while working as a comedian in nightclubs and coffeehouses . An agent from the William Morris Agency saw his work and signed him . That representation led to stage roles , including the production of "  All American " at Broadway 's Winter Garden Theatre . Lindsey moved to Los Angeles , where his work was mostly in Westerns , such as "  The Rifleman " and "  Gunsmoke . " He also acted in the "  The Real McCoys , " "  The Twilight Zone " and several Disney productions . He was cast in three episodes of "  The Alfred Hitchcock Hour . " An obituary released by the Nashville funeral home handling Lindsey 's arrangements said the actor often joked about what he wanted written on his tombstone . "  One choice goes for the joke : ' I told you I was sick . ' The other goes for the heart : ' I hope I made you laugh . ' " Lindsey is survived by his son George Lindsey Jr. , daughter Camden Jo Lindsey Gardner , and two grandsons . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	NEW : George Lindsey 's funeral is set for Friday and burial on Saturday Lindsey joined the hit sitcom "  The Andy Griffith Show " in 1964 Lindsey continued as Goober on the sequel series "  Mayberry R.F.D. " for three years He embraced the Goober character for another 20 years on TV 's "  Hee Haw "
CNN  -- An important hydroelectric dam shared by Brazil and Paraguay failed Tuesday night , pushing a large swath of central and southern Brazil into darkness , said the country 's minister of mines and energy , Edison Lobao . At about 10:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  , the Itaipu dam shut down completely , Lobao said in a radio interview . Power began to slowly return Tuesday night , and authorities expected a restoration of power overnight , Lobao said . An official at Brazil 's National Electric System Operator told CNN that the incident at Itaipu caused an outage of 18,000 megawatts . The official declined to be named because he was not authorized to talk to the media . The outage was approximately equivalent to the amount of energy needed to power the state of Sao Paulo and its 20 million residents , the official said . "  Everything 's fine , " the official said , adding that as Itaipu rebooted , it would repower the affected regions . Millions of people were affected by the blackout in six Brazilian states that included the cities of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo . The capital , Brasilia , was unaffected , CNN en Español reported . Neighboring Paraguay and Uruguay also reported related blackouts , Lobao said . Rio 's main streets and avenues were in a total blackout . Video footage showed long lines of cars at a near standstill on the roads , and the subway system in Rio came to a stop . Itaipu provides more than 20 percent of Brazil 's energy .	Minister : Itaipu dam shut down at about 10:30 p.m. Some power returns to Rio de Janeiro , Sao Paulo shortly after Neighboring Paraguay , Uruguay report related blackouts Hydroelectric dam provides over 20 percent of Brazil 's energy
CNN  It 's a controversial question that 's sparked debate since officials revealed the identity of the masked man known as Jihadi John . Was Mohammed Emwazi , the man with a British accent who 's appeared in numerous ISIS beheading videos , pushed toward extremism by authorities ? Or was he someone who 'd long been heading down a militant path ? A London-based advocacy group that worked with Emwazi says emails he sent them paint a picture of a desperate man hounded by authorities who saw his plans for a new life crumble as he tried unsuccessfully to get help . And a report from the Daily Mail , also citing emails purportedly sent from Emwazi to the British publication , said the Kuwait-born Londoner saw himself as a "  dead man walking " and contemplated suicide because of his alleged harassment by authorities . But some analysts say the emails are only part of the story , arguing that investigators targeted Emwazi because they already saw he had links with terrorist groups . "  You ca n't start the story at how he 's been treated by UK officials . You certainly ca n't start the story from the email trail , " said Rashad Ali , director at the counterextremism consultancy CENTRI and a fellow of the Institute of Strategic Dialogue . "  You have to go back to why the intelligence services got in contact with him . Well , because he was part of a group of a people who were going to join Al-Shabaab -- a very extremist organization and jihadist group that got involved in horrific terrorist attacks in Somalia . " Emwazi felt he was being harassed by authorities and tried to seek legal help to stop it , according to CAGE , the human rights and Muslim advocacy organization that worked with him . One email details Emwazi 's account of his detention at a British airport , when authorities stopped him from traveling to Kuwait in 2010 and questioned him for hours . "  I told them that I want to be left alone , as I have an ambition of moving from the UK and settling in Kuwait . That is why I found a job and a spouse !! But they laughed , " Emwazi wrote in a message dated June 3 , 2010 . "  One of them got aggressive with me , he pushed me to the wall . ... I was just baffled I did not know why he had done that after this long 6hour interview , fingerprinting and searching . When I asked for their names they said ` We do n't give out our names . ' " Emwazi wrote that the way he was treated by British security and intelligence officials reminded him "  of criminals that you see on TV who have committed a serious crime , only I was a person never charged or arrested for anything . I was a person looking to start a new life in my country Kuwait ! " That 's a key detail , CAGE spokesman Amandla Thomas-Johnson said . "  If someone is going to carry out some violent attack in any kind of way , then the law is there to be in force and apprehend them , " he said . "  In the UK , he was n't arrested once , prosecuted or cautioned whatsoever . " British authorities have not responded to CNN 's requests for comment on the case . In the emails , Emwazi pleaded for CAGE 's help . "  Please help me as I do n't want to stay in the UK because I have found a Job in Kuwait , found a spouse in Kuwait and thus found a new start for my life in Kuwait . Kuwait is where I 'm from , I was born their . I just want to go their and start my new life again !! " Emwazi wrote that he had also made a formal complaint at the Independent Police Complaints Commission , before going into detail about how he was apparently "  assaulted by the police officer " as he attempted to leave for Kuwait . But it was a difficult complaint to prove , Thomas-Johnson said . "  The IPCC says there 's no camera in the room where this took place , so we ca n't really do much about it except put a black mark against the officer , " he said . "  These things happen in the shadows and the dark . So it is very difficult to independently verify once it 's taken place . There is n't much of an opportunity to gain redress and accountability . " Details from court papers reported in British media paint a different picture . They say Emwazi was part of a group of extremists sometimes called the "  North London Boys " who allegedly funneled money and recruits to Al-Shabaab . The Guardian has reported that Emwazi was part of a terror cell with links to the failed London bomb attacks in 2005 . To British authorities , his face was a familiar one for more than five years . But authorities lost track of him in 2013 , according to friends . He changed his name and made his way to Syria . Analysts who 've studied ISIS recruiting say they are n't buying the argument that harassment from authorities turned Emwazi into "  Jihadi John . " "  I think it 's an absurd claim , " said Peter Neumann , director of the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation . "  It was not the cause of his radicalization . The reason the intelligence services harassed him was because they suspected him of trying to join the Shabaab in Somalia . " Ali argued that abuse at the hands of officials is not an excuse for terrorism . "  People do not turn around , when harassed and have grievances , and become terrorists , " he said . In addition to the emails released by CAGE , another series of emails from Emwazi came to light over the weekend . The messages were sent in 2010 and 2011 to the Daily Mail 's security editor , Robert Verkaik . The Daily Mail published excerpts from those exchanges , including Emwazi 's description of an incident where he tried to sell his laptop through a website , but only stated his surname . When he met a potential buyer at a London underground station , he says the person he met shook his hand and said "  nice doing business with you Mohammed . " "  I NEVER TOLD THIS PERSON MY FIRST NAME !! " wrote Emwazi to Verkaik . " & I NEVER GIVE OUT MY FIRST NAME !! IT WAS IMPOSSIBLE FOR HIM TO KNOW MY FIRST NAME !! " He also hinted at suicidal thoughts . "  Sometimes i feel like im a dead man walking , not fearing they may kill me . "  Rather , fearing that one day , I 'll take as many pills as I can so that I can sleep for ever !! I just want to get away from these people !!! " Verkaik said he met Emwazi in 2010 when he was investigating his claims of being harassed by police and intelligence . Emwazi 's concerns bordered on paranoia , Verkaik wrote , and he desperately wanted his story to be told . "  Like many young Muslim men at the time , he appeared to have a grievance . But this man was different , " Verkaik wrote . "  In him was a warped sense of injustice that could never justify the barbaric acts of murder that he has gone on to carry out in Syria . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Advocacy group CAGE releases emails between "  Jihadi John " and the organization 's research director Mohammed Emwazi complained about his treatment by British airport security officials and police Rashad Ali , director at counterextremism consultancy , argues that the emails do n't give the full picture
CNN  England 's abject cricket World Cup record endures . Its team has been eliminated before the group stages of the competition has even finished after a demoralizing defeat to Bangladesh , who qualified for the quarterfinals . It means England , who invented the game of cricket but has never won the World Cup , still has n't been past the last eight stage of the one-day tournament since 1992 . Chasing a target of 276 off its 50 overs in Adelaide , Australia , England slumped to 260 all out , with only Jos Buttler offering any meaningful resistance . The wicketkeeper struck a brisk 65 after England 's top order failed to lay a platform for victory , before he was dismissed by Taskin Ahmed . England captain Eoin Morgan failed again with the bat , lasting just three balls before succumbing to Rubel Hossain for no score . It marks another miserable display from one of cricket 's supposed powerhouses on the world stage , its only victory in the 2015 competition coming against minnows Scotland . Whereas other teams in the tournament have taken an aggressive approach , some posting totals of over 400 , England 's modus operandi has looked slovenly and outdated . "  Pretty poor to be knocked out of a World Cup so early , it is very disappointing , " Morgan said at the post-match presentation . "  I ca n't put my finger on it at the moment . I 'm gutted . We 've struggled and fought our way since we arrived -- one of our big things was to fight hard and try to get through to the quarterfinals . "  Our expectations are much higher than this . I 've no idea what happens from here -- it 's a surprise we 're out this early . There will be an inquest over the next few weeks and we 'll go from there . " Coach Peter Moores is bound to come in for renewed criticism , and the clamor for the return of one of England 's best one-day players -- Kevin Pietersen -- is sure to grow louder . South African-born Pietersen was sacked after the disastrous tour to Australia in 2014/15 , the England and Wales Cricket Board saying he was a disruptive dressing room influence . "  It 's a hollow feeling at the moment , " Moores said after England 's defeat . "  You feel like you have let people down . " Despite committing a year to prepare for the World Cup , England dismissed Alastair Cook as skipper less than two months before the tournament in Australia and New Zealand began . Mahmudullah was Bangladesh 's hero , scoring the country 's first ever century at the World Cup , as it recorded one of the biggest wins in its history . England now face a dead rubber against Afghanistan on Friday while Bangladesh has cemented its place in the last eight .	England knocked out of the Cricket World Cup after defeat to Bangladesh It has n't gone past the quarterfinal stage of the competition since 1992 England has just one win to its name at the tournament , over Scotland Bangladesh through to the knockout stages of the tournament
CNN  -- Dividing up the newspapers on a recent weekend , my husband asked me if I wanted to see the Sports section . "  No , " I replied jokingly . "  Reading the sports got me into a big argument once . " Big argument indeed . This week 's Masters Golf Tournament marks the 10th and final round of the national brouhaha over admitting women to the Augusta National Golf Club . Female members will be present for the first time . As leader of the National Council of Women 's Organizations , I was the standard-bearer for the "  girls team " in the controversy over a woman 's place -- not only at Augusta National but in society as a whole -- that raged in the media and around kitchen tables alike for more than a year beginning in 2002 . The dispute has continued to simmer , mostly out of the public eye , for the past decade . Although not as loud as it was in 2003 when the council 's petition to then-chairman Hootie Johnson to open the club culminated in a public protest , the argument never went away . Confined by a sheriff 's directive to a muddy field far from Augusta 's entrance -- with promises of arrest if we moved -- and surrounded by more police than supporters , the protest was roundly ridiculed at the time as a failure . It 's true that women did not walk through the gates as equal members that day . But the national dialogue during the preceding year , combined with legal action facilitated by the National Council of Women 's Organizations in the following years , triggered change that took a decade to mature . By the long-view standard , our action was most definitely not a failure . There is little doubt that if we had not raised the issue and kept it alive for a decade , women would still be barred from one of the highest profile "  off-campus " business venues in the United States , if not the world . Last summer the gates finally opened a crack and two women -- Darla Moore and Condoleezza Rice -- were allowed to slip through . During the 2012 Masters Tournament a few months earlier , the club and its major sponsor , IBM , had drawn their own share of public ridicule when Augusta National refused to grant membership to IBM 's new CEO Virginia Rometty , though they had always invited her male predecessors . IBM had meekly acquiesced to the insult , bringing Rometty to the tournament to "  entertain clients " and parading her around the grounds in a pink jacket . Last year 's IBM debacle was a public relations nightmare , but it was not the major reason the club opened to women . After all , the original controversy was also a public relations nightmare -- for both Augusta National and its sponsors -- and one that had stayed front and center in the media for a full year . Nor was current chairman Billy Payne responsible for the change , as some speculated . He had already been at the helm for six years , and it seems obvious he might not have been chosen without agreeing to continue the club 's no-women policy .  The council and our attorneys asked Payne for a private meeting shortly after his election . He never responded . In the aftermath of the original controversy , the National Council of Women 's Organizations , in partnership with a major civil rights law firm in Washington , helped bring lawsuits for sex discrimination in employment against major corporations whose CEOs were members of the club . We had been hearing from women who worked at these companies since we made the membership list public in 2002 . It looked like a roster of the Fortune 500 . It seems that sex discrimination does not stop at CEO club memberships , but trickles down to front-line management . Two of our lawsuits -- against Morgan Stanley and the Smith-Barney division of Citigroup -- netted nearly $ 80 million in settlements to the women . The price of membership in Augusta had just gone up . More important , the suits resulted in agreements by the companies not to honor business expenses that are directly or indirectly related to male-only entertainment establishments . In effect , they can no longer entertain or hold events at venues that discriminate . Our project is ongoing , and there are many more companies still represented on the Augusta roster . Were sex discrimination lawsuits the bulldozer that finally knocked down Augusta National 's tree house ? Perhaps not , though surely they contributed . In the 10 years since that original protest , the council and our allies also continued to challenge exclusion of women not only at Augusta National Golf Club , but also everywhere women are left out when important business contacts and deals are made . We changed the argument from one about the "  rights " of so-called private clubs to one about the "  wrongs " of a cadre of industry titans using the fig leaf of such memberships to exclude women , the standard this behavior sets in corporate America and damage it does to women at all levels . Public opinion followed , until by 2012 the position of the club and its members was not only indefensible , it was seen as antiquated and ridiculous . Unfortunately , one action ca n't change ingrained corporate practices overnight . Women in the Fortune 500 have made some progress in the last 10 years as top earners , from 5 % to 8 % ; but men still hold 96 % of the CEO spots , from 98 % a decade ago ; and 86.5 % of Fortune 1000 board seats , down from 90 % . On the lower rungs , adult women are still the majority of minimum wage earners and the majority of clerical support workers , and the pay gap between women and men working full time and year-round is just under 20 % . Sex discrimination at work , not only in the executive suites but also up and down the line , is still rampant . So , was a decade of struggle to open one golf club to women worth the effort ? Was it worth the credible death threats , volumes of vile and vulgar hate mail , and my image on stickers at the bottom of urinals ? For all it represented symbolically , the answer is an unequivocal "  yes . " Backward beliefs about women 's place in society can and must change , and that fight was one part of making it happen . Arguments like the one over Augusta National matter , because they shine a bright light on the ingrained attitudes that should be no longer acceptable in a civilized society . Without countless such confrontations -- large and small -- over "  a woman 's place " throughout our history , the ranks of women in executive suites , the U.S. Congress , courtrooms , surgical theaters , the military , and many other places in society would still be close to zero , and the idea of a female president would be as alien as a creature from Mars . Let 's hope the club does not make tokens out of its female members , as it appears to have done with its very few men of color . If more women follow Moore and Rice through those vaunted gates and are treated as truly equal with the men -- or more companies refuse to be associated with Augusta National if women are n't treated equally -- it will be the more lasting victory . The big argument over female members at Augusta National was never about golf . It was about discrimination at the highest levels of American corporate power and the message that sends about where women belong in business and society . Until we 're truly equal , we must all continue to fight to change the culture that let it happen in the first place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Martha Burk .	Martha Burk : A decade of protests opened Augusta National Golf Club to women The fight was n't about golf , she says , it was about women 's "  place " in the corridors of power Burk : Without such protests , women would not be judges , lawmakers , troops , doctors Burk : Let 's hope more women will join Condi Rice and Darla Moore , and not as tokens
More than 20,000 people have been displaced by fighting between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims in western Myanmar that saw Islamic organizations canceling the religious holiday of Eid al-Adha , a U.N. official said Sunday . That estimate came from Ashok Nigam , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Myanmar . It follows clashes between the two sectarian groups that have left at least 64 people dead and thousands of homes torched in the western state of Rakhine . The fighting came as the All Myanmar Islam Association , a collaboration of five major Islamic organizations , canceled celebrations for Eid al-Adha , a four-day holiday observed by many Muslims . The group gave no explanation for the move , but locals are seeing it as a precautionary measure after the violence in recent days . There has been tension between the Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims since May , when violence began after three Muslim men were arrested on suspicion of raping and killing a Buddhist woman . New satellite imagery obtained by Human Rights Watch shows what it said was extensive destruction of buildings in a predominantly Rohingya area of the coastal town of Kyauk Pyu . The swath of arson , the group said , stretched over 35 acres and included houseboats and floating barges . The government in Myanmar "  urgently needs to provide security for the Rohingya ... who are under vicious attack , " said Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch . "  Unless the authorities also start addressing the root causes of the violence , it is only likely to get worse . " The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Myanmar does n't recognize them as citizens . Q&A : What 's behind the sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Unrest between the Rohingya and majority Buddhists has tested President Thein Sein 's administration , which is trying to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . The government has sent extra security into the troubled region and declared a state of emergency . The president 's office warned Thursday that "  manipulators " behind the violence can expect to be found and prosecuted . Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , speaking in Parliament on Friday , called for a greater security presence and urged authorities to investigate suspected human rights offenses .	Clashes between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims have left 20,000-plus homeless , U.N. says A group of Islamic organizations in Myanmar has canceled Eid al-Adha celebrations Dozens of people have been killed , and thousands of homes have been burnt down
CNN  -- As Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited the U.N. General Assembly in New York last month , the spotlight was once again on Iran . And true to form , the Iranian president made his fair share of provocative statements for the Western media . But while Ahmadinejad 's mercurial rants captured our media 's attention , back in Iran a coordinated strategy against the women 's movement continued . On the eve of Ahmadinejad 's arrival to New York , Shiva Nazar Ahari , a prominent young female defender of human rights , received a heavy sentence of six years in prison on charges including the vague crime of "  waging war against God " -- a convenient catch-all offense for anyone who criticizes the regime and its human rights record . There 's no denying it -- Iran 's women have had a bad year . Nazar Ahari joins a steadily increasing number of other women 's rights activists who are in prison for no greater crime than their attempt to fight for the rights of the women . Hengameh Shahidi , Alieh Eghdam Doust , Bahareh Hedayat and Mahdiyeh Golrou have all been sent to Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison on trumped-up charges related to their activism . And while Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi , arguably the most internationally recognized Iranian women 's rights activist , remains unable to safely return to her country , the government is targeting those affiliated with her for arrest and imprisonment , including her lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and her former aide Jinous Sobhani . Since the 2009 disputed elections and associated government crackdown on the overall reform movement , the government has increasingly targeted women activists . The reasons behind this go well beyond the misogynist nature of Iran 's religious leadership . Rather , it is more part of a deliberate and calculated strategy of the Iranian authorities to strike at the heart of the regime 's greatest vulnerability -- internal legitimacy with its own people . See more CNN.com opinion articles Iran 's government recognizes and fears the broader power of the women activists who have been on the front line of reform in Iran for more than a decade . One can roughly draw an analogy between the women 's movement in Iran to movements of religious groups in Burma or Tibet , or the labor "  solidarity " movements in the former Eastern bloc and associated labor-Roman Catholic solidarity in Poland -- all advocating initially for the freedoms of a specific group but which provoked government fears for their transformative power to promote broader human rights progress . While the outside world occasionally reacts to the most egregious manifestations of Iran 's repression of women -- such as the international condemnation associated with Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , an Iranian widow sentenced to stoning on charges of alleged adultery -- these events are often portrayed simply as a consequence of the regime 's archaic viewpoint about gender . However , the government 's direct targeting of women goes beyond chauvinism and is an integral part of a strategy to quell any momentum for larger internal reform . Women activists in Iran have worked for years at the ground level to promote internal change . Although Iran 's women suffered a significant setback with the imposition of discriminatory laws following the 1979 revolution , an ease in restrictions during Mohammad Khatami 's presidential term in the late 1990s and early 2000s allowed women to organize around reforms and emerge as a formidable grass-roots force in civil society . Women-led campaigns to collect signatures in support of reform of gender discriminatory laws and protest the stoning of women formed and grew rapidly , attracting many members and international attention . In the years that followed , women were often at the forefront of staging public protests . During the presidential election campaign in 2009 , women activists , drawing on their grass roots and organizational experience , played a critical role in shaping and influencing the political platforms of the opposition candidates . So when the government set out to suppress the larger civil unrest that broke out in Iran 's major cities after the election , it set its sights on a perceived catalyst for this unrest -- the well-established women 's movement . In the mass indictments issued in August 2009 by Tehran 's prosecutor general , women were identified as an element of an alleged "  soft " revolution . Women 's rights activists report that government interrogators warned them to cease their activities and accused them of supplying the political opposition with organizational and leadership skills and knowledge . Today the regime continues to systematically target the women 's movement , whose leading campaigners are being silenced , imprisoned and exiled in increasing numbers . It 's not sufficient for members of the international community to speak up only occasionally at the most shocking manifestations of the Iranian regime 's targeting of women . Rather , a sustained , consistent and broader campaign must be waged that seeks to promote and give voice to the major catalysts of comprehensive human rights progress in Iran -- its brave women activists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gissou Nia .	Women 's rights activist Shiva Nazar Ahari serving six years for "  waging war against God " Nia : Women 's rights activists are imprisoned for no crime other than fighting for women 's rights Nia believes Iran targets women activists to curb any momentum for larger internal reform Women activists have been on the front line of reform in Iran for more than a decade
CNN  -- A traditional grand conclave of elders , a Loya Jirga , convenes Thursday in Kabul , Afghanistan , to decide whether U.S. forces can remain in the country past 2014 . But events this past weekend illustrated the continuing perils and myopia of American policy . On Saturday , just a few hundred yards from the site of Thursday 's critical meeting , expected to be attended by 2,500 people , a car bomb exploded , killing at least 13 people . The Taliban took responsibility . At the same time , at Georgetown University in Washington , former first ladies Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton took the stage together to exhort Americans not to abandon the women of Afghanistan . Former Secretary of State Clinton stated that it is essential the U.S. continue to play a role in the country to provide the security necessary for continued progress for Afghan women and girls . American reconstruction of Afghanistan is the most expensive reconstruction of a single country in U.S. history , costing more than $ 90 billion to date . The United States has given more to Afghanistan than any other single country during the Marshall Plan after World War II . Last year , Afghanistan received almost twice as much as the next four largest foreign assistance country beneficiaries combined . With about 2,300 U.S. service members killed in this effort , the loss to American families has also been incalculable . Yet , with all this sacrifice , the United States is not meaningfully closer to the goals Laura Bush , Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration have asked us to embrace . While our political leaders laud that progress and the need for a continued U.S. military presence , the Taliban respond with more bombs and more innocent lives are lost . Loya jirga approves U.S.-Afghan security deal ; asks Karzai to sign Hopes now for any kind of peace in Afghanistan largely depend on Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar . After the Loya Jirga , a delegation of the Afghan High Peace Council will reportedly visit Pakistan to meet Baradar in a renewed push to end the decades ' long conflict . Baradar , once the top deputy to Taliban Supreme Leader Mullah Muhammad Omar , was freed from jail in Pakistan in September at the request of the Afghan government to help facilitate the peace process . Mullah Omar has denounced the Loya Jirga and the Taliban opposes any U.S. troops remaining . Having interviewed Mullah Baradar 's assistant and other Taliban fighters and leaders , it is clear that their worldview is as far from the Americans ' and the largely Western-educated elite we rely on to run Afghanistan as ever . In the world of Mullah Omar , Mullah Baradar and many of the Taliban leaders , their path is driven by the power of religious visions and dreams . Each "  true night dream " is nothing less than a prophecy of God . And each leader 's authority comes from God . The seminal event in sealing Mullah Omar 's authority as unquestioned leader happened in April 1996 . Then , in the dusty southern Afghan Pashtun stronghold of Kandahar , Mullah Omar donned , from a religious shrine , the holy relic of the cloak of the Prophet Muhammad . After the initial American victory in Afghanistan at the end of 2001 , Mullah Omar and Mullah Baradar retreated to Quetta , in Pakistan . As recounted to me by someone in Omar 's inner circle , the Mullah was devastated by the Taliban 's defeat . Paralyzed with inaction , Mullah Omar could not decide what to do , waiting patiently for another "  true night dream " from God . As a result , Mullah Baradar helped to direct a meeting in the spring of 2002 at a madrassa in Quetta with Mullah Omar 's favorite seer . It was only after the Taliban seer recounted a dream in which he saw Mullah Omar 's "  beard turn a blinding white -- for it was now made of the threads of the holy prophet 's very cloak " that Omar decided to lead the fight again against the Americans inside Afghanistan . This is the same Mullah Baradar upon which peace talks now substantially depend . While our Afghan allies hold the Loya Jirga to decide the fate of a continued U.S. military presence in the country , their Taliban enemies deliver their response with more bombs . And while the U.S. continues to invest unprecedented resources into a largely corrupt and feckless Afghan government , the Taliban leaders wait for dreams . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen .	A Loya Jirga council meets in Afghanistan to decide if U.S. troops may stay past 2014 Ken Ballen : In Taliban message to Loya Jirga , a bombing killed 13 near meeting site Ballen : Afghan security depends on talks with a leader of Taliban , which denounces U.S. presence Ballen : U.S. spent $ 90 billion in Afghanistan , the Taliban is resurgent , our goals still unmet
After spending years of his life sexually abusing boys entrusted into his care and recent years denying it , Jerry Sandusky is likely to spend the rest of his life in jail . A judge sentenced the 68-year-old former Penn State assistant football coach Tuesday to at least 30 years in prison . He had faced a maximum of 400 years for dozens of charges stemming from his sexual abuse of 10 boys over a 15-year period . Sandusky was convicted in June . After an emotional hearing in which victims detailed the horrors they endured -- and Sandusky still maintained his innocence , portraying himself as a victim -- Judge John Cleland ruled that the "  dangerous " Sandusky will not be eligible for parole for 30 years . His maximum sentence is 60 years . The once-beloved coach , whose abuse triggered a scandal for one of the nation 's most storied college football teams , was given credit for 112 days served . He will also have to cover costs of the prosecution , Cleland said . The amount was not immediately known . "  All the qualities that make you successful concealed your vices , " Cleland said . "  This , in my view , makes you dangerous . " Victims angrily confront Sandusky at sentencing He noted the long-term damage Sandusky inflicted on victims : "  This crime is not only what you did to their bodies but their psyche and souls . " Despite the mountain of testimony that convicted him and a plea from a victim Tuesday that Sandusky finally admit his guilt , Sandusky remained stalwart . "  I did not do these disgusting acts , " he said repeatedly . His attorneys have 10 days to appeal the judge 's decision . They have already vowed to appeal his conviction . After the sentencing , defense attorney Joe Amendola insisted that if the team had had more time to prepare for the trial , Sandusky would have been acquitted . Cleland designated Sandusky as a sexually violent offender , which will partially determine where he will be housed in prison and which programs he will be required to participate in , according to Jean Casarez of HLN 's "  InSession . " Sandusky told the judge he did not oppose the status but maintained his innocence . One of his attorneys said before the hearing that Sandusky 's legal team would not contest the classification but would stipulate that they disagree with it . Across the country , victims of sexual abuse and organizations that represent them hailed the downfall of the notorious abuser . "  Now that Sandusky will be locked up and unable to harm more children , our hope is that even more survivors will take their first steps towards recovery -- with the confidence that their family , friends and community will believe them and support them , " said Scott Berkowitz , president of the Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network . But the most emotional words of the day came from Sandusky 's victims . Some spoke at the hearing , pushing for a harsh sentence , while one and the mother of another offered written impact statements read by the prosecution . "  The pain is real , and it will be inside me forever , " said a man identified as Victim No. 5 . He added that he will never forget the image of Sandusky "  forcing himself on me and forcing my hand on him . " "  He took away my childhood the day he assaulted me , and he should be sentenced accordingly . " Another victim , No. 6 , described the "  deep wounds " that left him praying for help . "  As I put the 1998 incident in the shower into focus , I think about how you manipulated me , " he said , adding that Sandusky "  called yourself the tickle monster so you could touch me . " Victim No. 4 assailed Sandusky 's refusal to acknowledge what he had done . "  Rather than take responsibility for your actions , you attacked us , " he said . "  My only regret is that I did n't come forward earlier . " In her written statement , the mother of Victim No. 9 said , "  Words can not describe the pain and impact on my son and family . " "  Because of you , we had to move four times , " she said . "  I had to endure two attempts from my son trying to take his life . ... You caused him a lifetime of sorrow and suffering . "  I question every decision I made as a parent , " she added . "  Shame on you , Mr. Sandusky , for your narcissistic and selfish acts . "  Whatever comes to you I hope it is tenfold for what you did to my son and others . " Victim No. 1 , in his statement , said of Sandusky , "  There is no remorse ... just evil . " ` Victim 1 ' sues Penn State over Sandusky abuse Lead prosecutor Joseph McGettigan said Sandusky is among "  the most insidious and depraved of criminals . " Sandusky founded his charity for young people , Second Mile , to help children but used it to identify victims , McGettigan said . "  He inserted himself into the lives of children , deceiving their mothers . " A touch became a grope and "  too often a penetration , " McGettigan said . "  No deceit was too shameful for him , " the prosecutor added . "  He relied on shame to silence his victims . ... He treated his victims like sexual property , which he used as he saw fit . " McGettigan also slammed Sandusky for whining about "  his own pain " in an audio statement Monday night . Sandusky , speaking for about 13 minutes at the hearing , called his situation "  the worst loss of my life . " "  I will cherish the opportunity to be a candle for others , " he said , adding that "  somehow , some way , something good will come out of this . " His wife , Dottie , had tears in her eyes . Cleland addressed the victims : "  The fact that you were assaulted is no cause for shame . ... It is for your courage that you will be remembered . " And , he said , they will heal . Sandusky entered the courthouse Tuesday wearing a red jumpsuit with a bullet-resistant vest underneath . Though he was handcuffed , he clutched a manila envelope and smiled briefly as he got out of a police vehicle . His wife arrived in the parking lot moments earlier . In his audio statement Monday , Sandusky said , "  They could take away my life , they could make me out as a monster , they could treat me as a monster , but they ca n't take away my heart . " He accused the judge of bringing the case to trial too quickly , the victims of conspiring together and the attorneys of trying to make money in future civil suits -- which an attorney for Victim No. 5 called "  preposterous . " It has been nearly a year since the Penn State scandal erupted , leading to the firing of iconic head football coach Joe Paterno and the ouster of the university 's longtime president , Graham Spanier . Forging a new meaning for the rally cry ` We Are ... Penn State ' Jurors determined in June that Sandusky , who retired from Penn State in 1999 , used his access to university facilities and his foundation for underprivileged youth to sexually abuse the boys . On June 22 , Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . During the trial , which garnered national attention and cast a shadow on Penn State 's heralded football program , the 23-year-old Victim No. 4 testified that he was only 13 when Sandusky sexually abused him in a university shower . That account is separate from a 2001 incident that Mike McQueary , a former Penn State assistant football coach , testified about , saying he saw the former coach pressed up against the back of a boy in the shower room of the Lasch Football Building . McQueary filed a whistle-blower lawsuit last week against the university , according to a court document from Centre County , Pennsylvania . Less than a month after Sandusky 's conviction , former FBI Director Louis Freeh released his university-funded report that blamed Paterno , Spanier , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz for taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . When a hero falls off a pedestal Freeh also said Paterno could have stopped the attacks had he done more , though neither McQueary , Sandusky nor Paterno -- who died in January -- were interviewed by his investigators . Attorneys for Spanier blasted the review , calling it a "  blundering , indefensible indictment " and "  a flat-out distortion of facts " that was "  infused with bias and innuendo . " In July , the NCAA imposed sanctions against Penn State , including a $ 60 million fine , scholarship reductions , the vacating of 112 wins of the football team , five years ' probation and a bowl ban for four years . After the sentencing decision was announced , the university 's president released a statement . "  Our thoughts today , as they have been for the last year , go out to the victims of Jerry Sandusky 's abuse , " Penn State President Rodney Erickson said . "  While today 's sentence can not erase what has happened , hopefully it will provide comfort to those affected by these horrible events and help them continue down the road to recovery . "	Sandusky will have to cover prosecution costs Groups for abused people hail the sentence "  He took my childhood , " a victim says Sandusky was also designated as a sexually violent offender
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested a U.S. sailor on suspicion of robbery and murder in the death of a Japanese taxi driver . The U.S. military handed him over Thursday at Yokosuka Naval Base , south of Tokyo . A Yokosuka police spokesman identified the sailor as Olatunbosun Ogbogu , a 22-year-old Nigerian national . Taxi driver Masaaki Takahashi , 61 , was found dead March 19 of stab wounds to the neck about a mile from the base in Yokosuka . The presence of U.S. in Japan has sparked controversy this year amid reports linking service members to crimes . In March , the U.S. military said it plans to court martial four Marines accused of raping a 19-year-old woman in Hiroshima last year . Authorities are also investigating allegations that a member of the U.S. military raped a Philippine woman on the island of Okinawa . And a U.S. Marine was detained in the rape of a 14-year-old girl until the girl dropped the allegations . As Ogbogu was arrested , the U.S. ambassador to Japan , Thomas Schieffer , met with Japan 's foreign minister . "  We 're dealing with human beings that do criminal acts from time to time , " Schieffer told reporters afterward . "  And I think justice is going to be done in this matter because we 've been able to work so closely together . " Watch the U.S. ambassador to Japan discuss the case " The U.S. military presence in Japan has at times bred resentment among locals , who have long complained about crime , noise and accidents . Anti-American sentiments boiled over in 1995 after three American servicemen kidnapped and gang-raped a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl . Two years ago , a U.S. civilian military employee was jailed for nine years for raping two women . E-mail to a friend	Japanese police arrest U.S. sailor for allegedly killing a Japanese taxi driver U.S. Navy presence in Japan has been marred by reports of rape and crime In 2006 , U.S. civilian military staffer jailed for nine years for raping two women
CNN  -- An Arkansas sheriff died early Friday during a rescue attempt at a home deluged by floodwaters , officials said . Scott County Sheriff Cody Carpenter apparently drowned in the swiftwater rescue bid , according to Keith Stephens , spokesman for the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission . Two people at the home and a state wildlife officer who had been with Carpenter are missing , Stephens said . Scott County is about 150 miles west of Little Rock , near the Oklahoma border . Western Arkansas was hit hard Thursday by a powerful storm that also delivered blows to parts of Oklahoma and other states . The National Weather Service noted reports of tornadoes in at least seven communities in western Arkansas -- as far west as Polk , as far south as Garland County , and as far north as Oden . At least nine people statewide had suffered injuries as of Thursday night -- before the death in Scott County -- state emergency management spokesman Tommy Jackson told CNN . That figure includes four minor injuries in Oden , three in Clark County and two hurt by a lightning strike in Benton County . Two homes were destroyed in Oden , about 50 miles west of Hot Springs , according to Jackson . The weather service noted , too , that power lines were knocked down and Highway 88 was blocked at one point . Three houses were reportedly damaged and three people were injured around the small Clark County town of Amity , according to the same agency . Flooding was a problem in many places . In Coffeyville , Kansas , police rescued people from 16 vehicles in a 1Â 1/2 - hour stretch on Thursday afternoon after they got trapped due to intense flooding , fire department Capt. Wayne Joplin said . Water in the streets went up to cars ' headlights , if not higher , after "  torrential rain " fell on ground already saturated by storms the previous night . "  The gutters and our storm system could n't handle it , " the captain said . "  I 've lived here since 1979 , and I 've never seen that much rain that quick , " Joplin told CNN .	Sheriff in western Arkansas apparently drowns He was part of rescue effort at residence At least 9 were injured in a storm Thursday in western Arkansas , an official says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , has withdrawn his name from consideration as surgeon general of the United States , he said Thursday . Dr. Sanjay Gupta will continue his work as a surgeon and for CNN . "  This is more about my family and my surgical career , " Gupta told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " The neurosurgeon said he would likely have had to give up practicing had he taken the job as the nation 's top doctor . In addition , the 39-year-old and his wife are expecting their third daughter any time , and the government job would have meant long periods away from his family , he said . "  I think , for me , it really came down to a sense of timing more than anything else , " he said . "  I just did n't feel I should do that now . " Watch Gupta explain his reasoning " Gupta said he had not been formally nominated for the job , though he had spoken with senior members of the Obama administration , who made it clear he was their choice , he said . "  I think there was a real melding there , " he said , adding that he felt flattered to have been considered . Earlier Thursday , an administration official said Gupta "  was under serious consideration for the job of surgeon general . He has removed himself from consideration to focus more on his medical career and his family . We know he will continue to serve and educate the public through his work with media and in the medical arena . " Sources said in January that Gupta had met then-President-elect Obama in Chicago , Illinois , in November to discuss the post . At the time , Gupta declined to comment . The transition team was impressed with the combination of Gupta 's government experience , as a White House fellow in 1997 and a special adviser to then-first lady Hillary Clinton , along with his medical career as a neurosurgeon and his communication skills , the transition sources said . Gupta is a member of the staff and faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . He regularly performs surgery at Emory University Hospital and at Grady Memorial Hospital , where he serves as associate chief of neurosurgery . Gupta joined CNN in 2001 . As chief medical correspondent for the health and medical unit , he is a lead reporter on breaking medical news , provides regular health and medical updates for "  American Morning , " anchors the half-hour weekend medical affairs program "  House Call with Dr. Sanjay Gupta " and reports for CNN documentaries . Based in Atlanta , Gupta also contributes health stories to CNN.com , co-hosts "  Accent Health " for Turner Private Networks , provides medical segments for the syndicated version of "  ER " on TNT and writes a column for Time magazine . He also anchors the global health program "  Vital Signs " for CNN International and is featured in a weekly podcast on health issues called "  Paging Dr. Gupta . " Just after joining CNN , Gupta became part of the team covering the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . Later that year , he led breaking news reporting on a series of anthrax attacks . In 2003 , Gupta reported from Iraq and Kuwait as an embedded correspondent with the U.S. Navy 's medical unit -- and worked alongside them , performing brain surgery five times . In addition , Gupta reported from Sri Lanka in the aftermath of the tsunami that swept the region in December 2004 . He also helped cover the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina from New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 . He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan and his medical degree from the University of Michigan Medical Center .	"  This is more about my family and my surgical career , " Gupta says Sanjay Gupta is neurosurgeon , CNN 's chief medical correspondent Gupta mentioned as possible surgeon general in Obama administration White House : "  We know he will continue to serve and educate the public "
