CNN  -- Chicago life and business coach Nicole A. Dunbar has learned to live with less , and love it . Before launching her own coaching and motivational speaking business last year , Dunbar had a "  day job " in academic fundraising and lived in affluent Hyde Park , a neighborhood adjacent to President Barack Obama 's Chicago home . Pricey dinners out with friends did n't give her much pause . But those days are over . She first downsized her apartment , moving to a smaller place in a less expensive and less trendy ` hood , saving $ 300 . Even though she 's now back in Hyde Park , she 's got a six-month sublet arrangement that keeps her rent low and keeps her mobile . She subscribes to utility companies ' budget plans so she 's no longer surprised by fluctuating bills . She totes sales flyers when shopping the supermarket , eats more seasonally and cooks at home more . Her athletic club membership ? It 's history . Said Dunbar : "  I went out to the  nearby Chicago  lakefront , and that was my gym . " That $ 150-a-month cell phone bill ? Gone . It may not be sexy , but a $ 55 prepaid phone has taken its place . When first launching Congruency Inc. , she "  decided to take contract or part-time assignments that would allow me to build my business while generating another income to cover my living expenses . I could never have come to this place without living simply and not listening to the ` shoulds . ' " "  People do n't know what they actually need . A need is electricity ; a want is cable . " Because she does most of her coaching work with entrepreneurs and professionals remotely with clients across the country , she 's not tied to one physical location . Dunbar 's real goal is to spend Chicago 's colder months elsewhere -- with her mom in Atlanta , visiting a younger sibling in her native Jamaica -- and downsizing her expenses will give her the freedom to do it . It 's all about choice . The ongoing global recession and the accompanying hit to our pockets , bank accounts and retirement funds , not to mention environmental and ecological concerns , have prompted many folks to reconsider what 's important . And to some , it is n't what they own or what they can buy . Instead , it 's about "  voluntary downscaling " or learning to live joyfully with less "  stuff . " "  We bought into the media notion that money buys happiness . We really , really tried that for a couple of generations , and it did n't work , " said Duane Elgin , author of "  Voluntary Simplicity : Toward a Way of Life that Is Outwardly Simple , Inwardly Rich . " Elgin is a former social scientist who also holds an MBA and has been preaching the sustainable-living gospel since the 1970s . The concept of "  voluntary simplicity , " coined by social philosopher and Mahatma Gandhi follower Richard Gregg back in the 1930s , "  reframes the conversation into a way of life filled with greater conviction , creativity and it is n't just about living with less , but living with balance . " For some , like Dunbar , whose previous work kept her spinning madly on the 50-to-70-hour workweek treadmill , it 's about purposefully changing careers in order to do something they love , despite the financial downgrade . For others , it might mean selling their cars and relying instead on their feet , public transportation and car-sharing services such as I-GO Car Sharing in Chicago and LAXCarShare in Los Angeles to get around . "  About half of our members tell us they 're choosing to sell a car or not buy a car because of Zipcar , " said Zipcar chairman and CEO Scott Griffith , whose car-sharing network serves 250 college campuses and more than 50 cities in North America , and stretches across the Atlantic to the United Kingdom , Spain and Austria . "  They also tell us they save on average $ 600 a month , " which he said is roughly the equivalent of getting a $ 10,000 raise after taxes . In many cases , it 's Millennials , or those born after 1980 , leading the way . A recent Zipcar-commissioned study  two-thirds of so-called "  Zipsters " are under 35  found 55 percent of those surveyed have actively made an effort to drive less . While more than half cited "  protecting the environment " as one key reason , a whopping 78 percent who are licensed drivers say car ownership is tough because of high gas prices , parking and maintenance costs . The financial savings are huge , but Griffith said "  the real longterm and more emotional connection is around the whole concept of ` less is more . ' " Spending on experiences vs. things Francine Jay is the Pennsylvania-based author of "  The Joy of Less , A Minimalist Living Guide : How to Declutter , Organize , and Simplify Your Life " whose blog moniker is "  Miss Minimalist . " Now in her late 30s , she 's been happily living with less for 12 years , thanks to a travel-inspired revelation . "  I always packed as lightly as possible , and found it exhilarating to get by with just a small carry-on bag , " said Jay . "  I thought , wow , if it feels this great to travel lightly , how amazing would it be to live this way ? I wanted to have that same feeling of freedom in my everyday life , so I decided to get rid of all my excess possessions and live with just the essentials . I wanted to spend my time and energy on experiences , rather than things . " A 2009 move -- before which Jay and her husband sold their house , most of their possessions and relocated to London for a stint with only one duffel bag each -- offered another clean slate . "  We lived a rather nomadic life for three years , owning only what we could carry in our bags , " she said . "  We recently had a baby and are a little more settled now , but still committed to living with as little as possible . Although I did n't embrace minimalism for financial reasons , becoming a minimalist is the best thing I 've ever done for my bottom line . " Jay 's three major lifestyle changes include buying less  "  it 's amazing how much money you save simply by staying out of the stores "  , decluttering regularly and seeking out versatile items , from dress - 'em - up-or-down ballet flats to multi-purpose cookwear . "  I think of minimalism as living with just enough stuff to meet your needs , and nothing in excess . " The ` luxury ' of choice But does simplicity ever feel like a sacrifice ? "  Oh my goodness , I never think of minimalism as deprivation , " said Jay . "  Rather , it 's eliminating the excess -- unused items , unnecessary purchases , unfulfilling tasks -- from your life . Well , I may have fewer possessions , but I have more space . I may have fewer commitments , but I have more time . Minimalism is making room for what matters most . " Granted , this is about voluntary downscaling , which by its very definition suggests that those making such choices have the luxury to do so . Zipcar 's car-sharing customers , said Griffith , are better-educated and earn more on average than their similarly aged peers counterparts . "  It 's not that they ca n't afford  owning a car  ; they 've learned to do the math , " he said . "  They 've learned you can have a simpler life and one that 's more sustainable by living with less . " The real questions , said author Duane Elgin , are : " ` What do you care about ? What do you value ? ' It 's important for people to realize it is n't simply the amount of stuff we consume . It 's about our families , our work , our connection with the larger world , our spiritual dimension . It 's about how we touch the whole world . It 's a way of life . " And downscalers like Nicole Dunbar have n't looked back . "  The only thing I regret is I did n't understand this eight years ago , " she said . When she shares her living-happily-with-less philosophy , "  I hear people say , ' I wish I could do that . ' You can ; you just need to start asking yourself different questions . You have to understand wants vs. needs and start setting yourself up to pursue these things . " Have you downsized your lifestyle in response to tough economic times ? Share your tips for living with less in the comments section below .	Tough economic times have caused some to shed belongings and live with less Nicole Dunbar of Chicago recommends pre-paid phones and budgeting for utilities "  Miss Minimalist " Francine Jay says traveling light made her want to simplify her life Duane Elgin , author of "  Voluntary Simplicity , " says downsizing sparks creativity
CNN  -- When opposition rugby teams line up against the New Zealand All Blacks , there 's a common game plan : Get Carter . New Zealand rugby player Dan Carter is on course to be the country 's top points scorer . Playing as number 10 in the fly half position , Carter is the All Blacks ' creative talisman and the one player that can catch the eye with his skill and control a match with his reading of the game . He made his debut for the All Blacks in 2003 at just 21-years-old , but really burst onto the international scene in 2005 during the British Lions tour of New Zealand . It led his opposite number , English fly-half Jonny Wilkinson , who won the World Cup with England in 2003 , to call Carter the most complete player in that position , combining great natural talent with an excellent work ethic . As well as the accolades from journalists and fellow players he also picked up the International Rugby Board 's Player of the year award in 2005 . Growing up around Christchurch on New Zealand 's south island , he 's been an integral member of the Crusaders team since 2002 and helped to make them the most successful team in the Super 14 competition , the southern hemisphere 's top club league . Having been courted by numerous British club sides for years , he 's now taking the opportunity to play on pastures new , but with French club Perpignan . He 'll be in the Catalan city for six months , and regardless of how well he does on the field , he 'll set new records by becoming the best paid player in club rugby . He 's set to earn an estimated $ 50,000 per game , which in a sport that lags far behind football or American sports in terms of finance is big money . Find out what he thinks about playing his club rugby abroad for the first time , his view on the All Blacks and what it 's like to be a rugby-playing pin-up on Talk Asia this week .	New Zealand rugby player made international debut as a 21-year-old All Blacks second highest points scorer in test rugby Recently signed to play for French club team Perpignan
CNN  -- Death , taxes and Black Caviar . Some things in life are just certain . For the bookmakers , it was not a question of if Black Caviar could win Saturday 's Diamond Jubilee stakes at Royal Ascot , it was by how much . So popular was the mighty mare with punters , a one dollar investment might have earned you 20 cents , providing the bookie was feeling generous . The Peter Moody-trained sprinter came to England with 21 wins from 21 starts . Race number 22 was Black Caviar 's first outside Australia , and thousands traveled with her , invading the typically-British race course . Royal regulations for Ascot 's fashionistas Black Caviar 's colors of black and salmon pink were worn with pride in frocks , fascinators and ties . Green and gold are Australia 's sporting colors of choice but this was the exception , reserved only for an exceptional performer . Australian journalist Nat Wallace traveled from Newcastle , New South Wales , to watch Black Caviar sprint to racing royalty . Wallace , who moonlights as a race-caller and is a thoroughbred owner himself , has followed this story from the time she was a filly and knew exactly what to expect , even if the British did not . "  I 've been overhearing people in London streets , in bars , saying how ` the Aussies think they 've got this amazing horse ' and so I told them , ` we do n't think we 've got an amazing horse , we know we 've got an amazing horse ' , " said Wallace . Over confident ? Perhaps . Accurate ? Definitely . On the back of fantastic form , few surprises were expected but no one anticipated a photo finish . It silenced an otherwise raucous record crowd and , for the moment , history was on hold . "  It was a disappointing finish for Black Caviar , " Wallace said after the result was decided by a photo . "  She should have won by much more . " It has been revealed a back injury could have slowed the champion mare , but as debate rages over how Black Caviar won , the fact that she did was reward enough for the thousands of ex-pats who had been hearing nothing but great things . Claire Falconer , a lawyer from Adelaide was among the London-based Aussies watching in the Grandstand . "  This is a huge moment ... that 's what makes Black Caviar a champion . I 'm really glad I 'm here to experience it all first hand . " Stephen Pittman , a teacher from the New South Wales Central Coast , says the whole experience was a source of "  great national pride . " Now , more than ever before , there is speculation about her future . Will she race again ? Will there be another overseas campaign ? Questions only the trainer Peter Moody can answer . The sprinter is now in quarantine , ahead of a marathon trip home , where she returns an internationally-recognized champion . For the thousands of Australians who watched "  The Wonder from Down Under " go round at Royal Ascot , it was not about a financial return . Black Caviar 's crowning glory would be a story to tell the grandchildren , or anyone who will listen . And the bookies can not put a price on that .	Black Caviar has won all 22 of the races she has taken part in The Australian "  supermare " won the Diamond Jubilee stakes at Royal Ascot A one dollar bet on her last Saturday would have only return a 20 cents profit Black Caviar is a national sensation in her homeland of Australia
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- If money is power , China is now in a powerful position to play a critical role at the Group of 20 summit in London . U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao in London on April 1 . So powerful , in fact , that some analysts speak of a "  G-2 " , referring to the first meeting between the new U.S. president and his Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of the G-20 . What matters most in the G-20 , some say , is Barack Obama and Hu Jintao 's meeting on the eve of the summit . "  This is a summit of symbolism , where the meeting itself is the message , " said China analyst Victor Gao . To be sure , the closest U.S. allies are Great Britain in Europe and Japan in Asia . But with its growing economic and military clout , China is now a major player at the G-20 . China "  appears to be actively setting the agenda , " said Glenn Maguire , economist at the investment bank Societe Generale . China is awash with cash , its economy is still growing and its banking system is solvent . It is seeking a bigger role as global powers seek to reshape the economic and financial framework . The global economic crisis has shown just how codependent the U.S. has become with China . Watch how China is throwing its weight around before the summit " For years , China has exported far more than it has imported , racking up a huge trade surplus and accumulating nearly US$ 2 trillion in foreign currency reserves . More than half of that money has gone to buying U.S. government debt . It 's partly those Chinese dollars that have enabled the United States to keep its interest rates , including home mortgages , so low , helping create the housing bubble that burst late last year . As America 's biggest creditor , Beijing is now worried about its over-investment in U.S. Treasury debts . "  We have lent a huge amount of money to the U.S. , " Premier Wen Jiabao said last month . "  Of course , we are concerned about the safety of our assets . " He called on the Obama administration to "  maintain its good credit , honor its promises and guarantee the safety of China 's assets . " Washington has tried to reassure Beijing . "  Not just the Chinese government , but every investor can have absolute confidence in the soundness of investments in the United States , " President Obama said in response to Wen 's worries . Still , Victor Gao said , "  China is concerned that the massive printing of money by the United States will lead to massive inflation , which will decimate the underlying value of China 's massive dollar holdings . Each dollar China holds now is hard-earned money mostly from the exports . " Watch Gao relate China 's perspective at the summit " With some 40 percent of its growth reliant on the exports of its products , China 's economy has been hit hard since late 2008 , as U.S. and Western markets for Chinese goods shrank . Annual economic growth dropped from nearly 12 percent in 2007 to 9 percent last year . This year 's growth rate could slump to 8 percent or lower -- potentially leading to even more factory closures and widespread job layoffs . To cope with this downturn , Beijing in November announced its own $ 586 billion stimulus package . It aims to encourage spending by Chinese consumers and businesses and create millions of jobs . But analysts say China can not do it alone . "  It 's almost impossible for China to engineer enough of an increase in domestic consumption to make up for the contraction in demand that we 're seeing in Europe and the United States , " said Michael Pettis , who teaches economics at Peking University . Put simply , Hu Jintao needs President Obama to succeed with his economic prescriptions -- and vice versa . Such a congruence of goals is viewed positively in Beijing . "  The degree of close U.S.-China cooperation in the process of coping with the global financial crisis will directly affect how fast the global economy can extricate from the difficult time , " said a commentary in Global Times , a state-run Chinese newspaper . Before the G-20 meeting , China 's central bank chief , Zhou Xiaochuan , floated the idea of dumping the U.S. dollar as the world 's reserve currency , replacing it with a super-sovereign international reserve currency . Zhou 's proposal has received extensive support from other countries , according to political analyst Gao , who 's also a key player in the private equity business in China . Gao said : "  It shows that the defects in using the U.S. dollar as the main reserve currency in the world are becoming more and more obvious , and more countries in the world are becoming more and more unhappy with the United States in its irresponsible way of handling its financial and budgetary matters , often at the expense of other countries . " But Peking University professor Zha Daojiong cautions against "  over-interpreting " what Zhou seems to be saying . Instead of reducing the role of the U.S. dollar , Zhou may be asking for a greater role of the Chinese currency in "  special drawing rights "  SDRs  , an international type of reserve currency established in 1969 by the International Monetary Fund . SDRs operate as supplements to the existing reserves of IMF member nations . "  Rather than alluding to a goodbye to the U.S. dollar , Zhou may as well be making a case -- implicitly -- for including the  Chinese  renminbi into the list of currencies when the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank work on the SDR in the future , " Zha explained . Meanwhile , China hopes the G-20 meeting will reach a consensus on how to deal with the global crisis . Said Victor Gao : "  It is equally important to identify the root causes , and make fundamental changes to the international financial system , including cross-border financial regulation , increasing transparency , bringing the hedge funds into the regulatory framework , enhancing risk management , and preventing countries from excessive and irresponsible financial and budgetary activities , " Gao said . Pointing the finger squarely at the United States , he said China hopes the U.S. will learn from its mistakes to avoid a repeat of the crisis . Before leaving Beijing for London , President Hu Jintao remained circumspect . "  We will continue our contribution to international economic development , " he said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency . He called for efforts to resist trade protectionism while also calling for a revamp of the international financial system .	Some say meeting of U.S. , Chinese leaders on summit 's eve is of most importance With its growing economic and military clout , China is a major player at the G-20 China is dependent on exports to the West , so there is a congruence of goals The degree of U.S.-China cooperation will directly affect global economic recovery
CNN  -- Michael Hoey held off a last-round charge from U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy to claim the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship at St Andrews Sunday . Hoey , who like McIlroy hails from Northern Ireland , carded a final round 68 to beat his illustrious compatriot by two shots on 22-under 266 . McIlroy , looking for his first win since claiming his first major in such emphatic style at Congressional , carded a seven-under 65 at the home of golf but came up just short as overnight leader Hoey kept his nerve on the closing holes . Graeme McDowell completed the domination of players from Northern Ireland by claiming joint third on 18-under with George Murray of Scotland after a 69 . South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen , playing his first tournament at St Andrews since his British Open victory on the famous links in 2010 , was in a three-strong group a shot further back with Marc Warren and joint halfway leader Tommy Fleetwood . World No. 1 Luke Donald could not build on his nine-under third round 63 and finished in a tie for ninth as he bids to top the money list on the European and PGA Tours . But it was Hoey who eventually upstaged the big names , leading after his third successive 66 going into the final day and then maintaining his composure as McIlroy went to the turn in just 30 to mount his expected challenge . He came to the last with a one-shot lead over McIlroy and after a big drive needed just a deft chip and a putt to close with a birdie to seal his triumph . The 32-year-old was claiming his second victory of the year after struggling for so long to break into the big time . "  It has n't sunk in yet and it wo n't for a while , " Hoey told the European Tour website . "  It 's taken a long time but I supposed in a weird way you enjoy it more because you have struggled through six goes at the qualifying school , " he added . McIlroy , who was seven-under for his first 11 holes on the final day , was disappointed to miss out on victory . "  I 've been very consistent , which is a good thing , but I want to get wins and that 's the most important thing . "  It 's good to be one , two , three and see all of us boys up there , I 'm just obviously disappointed that it was n't me lifting the trophy . " He will now head to play in Korea Open which starts Thursday .	Northern Ireland 's Michael Hoey wins Alfred Dunhill Championship at St Andrews Hoey cards a final round 68 to leave U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy two shots adrift McIlroy shoots a 65 at the home of golf but Hoey keeps his nerve for third Tour title Graeme McDowell in a tie for third as Northern Ireland players dominate tournament
CNN  -- On a January night in 1961 , a U.S. Air Force bomber broke in half while flying over eastern North Carolina . From the belly of the B-52 fell two bombs -- two nuclear bombs that hit the ground near the city of Goldsboro . A disaster worse than the devastation wrought in Hiroshima and Nagasaki could have befallen the United States that night . But it did n't , thanks to a series of fortunate missteps . Declassified documents that the National Security Archive released this week offered new details about the incident . The blaring headline read : "  Multi-Megaton Bomb Was Virtually ` Armed ' When It Crashed to Earth . " Or , as Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara put it back then , "  By the slightest margin of chance , literally the failure of two wires to cross , a nuclear explosion was averted . " It 's difficult to calculate the destruction those bombs might have caused had they detonated in North Carolina . What might 've been The website , nuclearsecrecy.com , allows users to simulate nuclear explosions . It says that one bomb the size of the two that fell in 1961 would emit thermal radiation over a 15-mile radius . Wind conditions , of course , could change that . The blast today , with populations in the area at their current level , would kill more than 60,000 people and injure more 54,000 , though the website warns that calculating casualties is problematic , and the numbers do not include those killed and injured by fallout . It 's also worth noting that North Carolina 's 1961 total population was 47 % of what it is today , so if you apply that percentage to the numbers , the death toll is 28,000 with 26,000 people injured -- a far cry from those killed by smaller bombs on the more densely populated cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan . University of California-Los Angeles researchers estimate that , respectively , Hiroshima and Nagasaki had populations of about 330,000 and 250,000 when they were bombed in August 1945 . By that December , the cities ' death tolls included , by conservative estimates , at least 90,000 and 60,000 people . Wayne County , North Carolina , which includes Goldsboro , had a population of about 84,000 in 1961 . The state capital , Raleigh , is 50 miles northwest of Goldsboro , and Fayetteville -- home of the Army 's massive Fort Bragg -- is 60 miles southwest . The Goldsboro incident The B-52 was flying over North Carolina on January 24 , 1961 , when it suffered a "  failure of the right wing , " the report said . As the plane broke apart , the two bombs plummeted toward the ground . The parachute opened on one ; it did n't on the other . "  The impact of the aircraft breakup initiated the fuzing sequence for both bombs , " the summary of the documents said . In other words , both weapons came alarmingly close to detonating . Weapon 1 , the bomb whose parachute opened , landed intact . Fortunately , the safing pins that provided power from a generator to the weapon had been yanked -- preventing it from going off . Weapon 2 , the second bomb with the unopened parachute , landed in a free fall . The impact of the crash put it in the "  armed " setting . Fortunately -- once again -- it damaged another part of the bomb needed to initiate an explosion . While it 's unclear how frequently these types of accidents have occurred , the Defense Department has disclosed 32 accidents involving nuclear weapons between 1950 and 1980 . There are at least 21 declassified accounts between 1950 and 1968 of aircraft-related incidents in which nuclear weapons were lost , accidentally dropped , jettisoned for safety reasons or on board planes that crashed . The accidents occurred in various U.S. states , Greenland , Spain , Morocco and England , and over the Pacific and Atlantic oceans and the Mediterranean Sea . Another five accidents occurred when planes were taxiing or parked . Two months after the close call in Goldsboro , another B-52 was flying in the western United States when the cabin depressurized and the crew ejected , leaving the pilot to steer the bomber away from populated areas , according to a DOD document . The plane crashed in Yuba City , California , but safety devices prevented the two onboard nuclear weapons from detonating . Catastrophe averted The Goldsboro incident was first detailed last year in the book "  Command and Control " by Eric Schlosser . The documents released this week provided additional chilling details . Eight crew members were aboard the plane that night . Five survived the crash . "  I could see three or four other chutes against the glow of the wreckage , " recounted the co-pilot , Maj. Richard Rardin , according to an account published by the University of North Carolina . "  I hit some trees . I had a fix on some lights and started walking . " The MK39 bombs weighed 10,000 pounds and their explosive yield was 3.8 megatons . Compare that to the bombs dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki : They were 0.01 and 0.02 megatons . But Rardin did n't know then what a catastrophe had been avoided . "  My biggest difficulty getting back was the various and sundry dogs I encountered on the road . " Hiroshima atomic bomb attraction more popular than ever Kennedy meets atomic bomb survivors in Nagasaki By the numbers : Atomic bombs CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Dave Alsup contributed to this report	Goldsboro one of 32 pre-1980 accidents involving nukes Weeks after Goldsboro , there was another close call in California The weapons came alarmingly close to detonation They were far more powerful than the bombs dropped in Japan
Washington  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich first arrived on the national political scene when , a few years after being elected to the House , he pushed ethics violations charges against then-Speaker Jim Wright , who later resigned . Ethics complaints and a budget battle that forced a government shutdown , led to Gingrich 's downfall after he had risen to the speaker 's chair . On Thursday , Gingrich is expected to announce that he will explore a presidential run , typically the first step toward a national campaign . While Gingrich 's quest to topple Wright helped him become the deputy leader of House Republicans in 1989 , what solidified his place in American political history was his championing of the 1994 Contract With America , a blueprint for changes the GOP pledged it would bring to Congress if it gained control of the House . The contract required that all laws the public had to abide by also applied to Congress , limited the terms of committee chairmen and required a three-fifths majority vote to pass a tax increase . The contract helped propel the GOP to its first majority in the House in 40 years and got Gingrich , a representative from Georgia , elected speaker . Gingrich coverage on the CNN Political Ticker "  Those of us who ended up in the majority stood on these steps and signed a contract ... aimed at restoring the faith and trust of the American people in their government , " Gingrich said as he was sworn in as speaker in January 1995 . Soon Gingrich was battling the Clinton White House as congressional Republicans pushed government cuts to help balance the budget . Both sides dug in and there were two government shutdowns . Gingrich and congressional Republicans came out the political losers . "  It 's very difficult to work with a president who seems to be primarily driven by his political advisers to engage in public relations stunts , " Gingrich said of Clinton in early November 1995 , a few weeks before the first shutdown . Democrats ridiculed Gingrich for allowing hurt feelings over a perceived slight by Clinton to influence his stance in the budget negotiations . Gingrich said he had felt snubbed by Clinton and his staff when he traveled with the president to Israel for Yitzhak Rabin 's funeral . Gingrich had to use Air Force One 's back stairs for the trip . He said Clinton 's behavior had caused him to toughen his stand during initial budget discussions . The incident was later immortalized by a New York Daily News cartoon titled "  Cry-Baby . " In a Washington Post op-ed last weekend , Gingrich dismissed suggestions the shutdowns were that bad for his party . "  Those who claim that the shutdown was politically disastrous for Republicans ignore the fact that our House seat losses in 1996 were in the single digits , " Gingrich wrote . "  Moreover , it was the first time in 68 years that Republicans were re-elected to a House majority and the first time that had ever happened with a Democrat winning the presidency . " In 1998 , Gingrich lashed out at the Clinton White House 's handling of the aftermath of the Monica Lewinsky affair , calling it a "  systematic , deliberate , obstruction of justice . " Later it was revealed that Gingrich was having an extramarital affair with a congressional staffer . Gingrich had to confront numerous ethics complaints brought by Democrats . He voluntarily turned in a $ 4.5 million book advance after critics questioned its appropriateness . In 1997 he agreed to pay $ 300,000 to the House to reimburse the cost of an ethics investigation into whether he used tax-exempt funds to promote Republican causes . He was not found guilty of those charges . He was reprimanded by the House for giving what was considered misleading information . Republicans kept control of the House for a third consecutive term in the 1998 elections , but won fewer seats than expected . Gingrich resigned as speaker and left Congress the next year . Over the next decade , Gingrich mounted a comeback , expounding on the lecture circuit on his numerous ideas about how to reform government and society -- ranging from creating a new Social Security system based on what one contributes to completely revamping the country 's energy policy to replacing the Environmental Protection Agency with a new Environmental Solutions Agency . He also formed a successful think tank , called American Solutions for Winning the Future , which he used to help develop and communicate his ideas . His visibility was elevated when he joined Fox News as a contributor , which gave him a national platform to comment on the news and promote a number of books he has written on subjects ranging from the American political scene to Ronald Reagan . Fox announced on Wednesday that it was suspending the contracts of Gingrich and a fellow contributor , Republican former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , until they make decisions about running for president . Gingrich is also a prolific fundraiser . American Solutions raised more than $ 3.8 million between October and the end of December 2010 and almost $ 14 million over the entire year . The American Solutions political action committee raised an additional $ 425,000 from October through December . With those numbers , Gingrich outpaced his potential 2012 rivals in money brought in . Republican consultants not affiliated with any prospective campaign said they believe Gingrich as a presidential candidate offers positives as well as negatives . "  He is an idea factory . Republican voters love him , " GOP consultant Ron Bonjean said . "  They have watched him on TV and watched his think tank produce on an almost weekly basis . "  The cons are that he has a political record . He has been a career politician in Washington and a House speaker who left under controversial circumstances and that could weigh on voters ' minds . " Some Republican consultants also said his personal life , with two divorces , will complicate any potential run because that will not be popular with some social conservatives who are a key voting bloc in key early voting states .	Gingrich used ethics issues to bring down his foes But ethics problems also helped bring down Gingrich Gingrich 's time in Washington both a plus and minus for him , analysts say
Washington  CNN  -- Describing the billions of dollars in contracts and services handled by the General Services Administration as a den of temptation , senators from both parties on Wednesday called for the agency at the center of a spending scandal to clean house as it roots out corruption . "  The party 's over , " declared Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California , chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , at one of four congressional hearing so far this week on the controversy that has embarrassed the Obama administration in an election year . Speaking to GSA Inspector General Brian Miller and Acting Administrator Dan Tangherlini , Boxer said the panel "  will support you and encourage you to clean house " at the vast federal procurement agency . At the same time , Boxer emphasized that the GSA has a history of misconduct dating back decades under Republican and Democratic administrations , and that it was a person appointed by President Barack Obama who uncovered the latest wrongdoing involving an $ 800,000 work conference and other abuses . Mitt Romney on GSA and Secret Service controversies Tangherlini and Miller also testified later Wednesday at a Senate appropriations subcommittee hearing where Chairman Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , wondered how the hundreds of GSA employees exposed to the excesses failed to question the obvious misconduct taking place . "  It 's appalling that someone did n't say , ` Wait a minute . Is n't this going overboard ? ' " Durbin said . Democrats sought to frame the controversy as an ongoing problem at GSA rather than anything unique to the Obama administration , and Republicans on the panel cited what they called a systematic failure resulting from a culture of misconduct at the agency . Ranking Republican Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma said of the GSA that "  if there 's anyone who has a propensity to do something dishonest , that 's where they ought to be " because "  they deal with huge numbers . " "  I am concerned that this type of waste has become an embedded part of the culture at the GSA , " Inhofe said , noting the wrongdoing occurred at a time of fiscal austerity , including calls by Obama to cut government waste . "  One can only wonder what kind of waste would have occurred in a better economy . " Boxer later used an extended closing statement to encourage Tangherlini to take substantive steps to solve the problems at GSA once and for all , no matter what it takes . "  There still are ugly things that are going to come out . Let 's face it , " Boxer said of continuing investigations by Miller . "  What is so outrageous about this is how these bad apples , very bad apples , perhaps criminal apples , have sullied the reputation of very good people , " Boxer said , adding , "  do n't underestimate this job you have in terms of shaking this tree and letting these bad apples fall . " Earlier this week , two Republican-led House committees held hearings examining the scandal , which became public last month with Miller 's final report detailing a GSA conference in Las Vegas that cost more than $ 800,000 , as well as violations of travel and spending rules . The revelations have prompted taxpayer indignation and put a spotlight on wasteful spending by the GSA , which handles government real estate and other nonmilitary procurement . Asked Wednesday about how to fix the problems at GSA , Miller called for more centralized control of the agency with more oversight to hold regional officials accountable for spending . Tangherlini said he already has been taking steps to improve central oversight as part of a review of the entire agency . That review is expected to take months . On Tuesday , House members questioned why Jeff Neely , the GSA staff member who organized the 2010 Las Vegas conference , took more trips on the federal dime after Miller 's preliminary report last year showed spending and travel abuses . Neely was put on administrative leave in March , a month after Miller had submitted his final report . Neely declined to show up for Tuesday 's session of the House Transportation Committee , claiming his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination in the investigation . He also declined to testify at the House Oversight Committee 's hearing Monday . On Wednesday , Boxer took a shot at the Monday hearing where Neely repeatedly claimed his Fifth Amendment rights . "  We 're not looking for photo ops of people taking the Fifth , " Boxer said . "  We 're trying to move forward and make sure this does n't happen again . " The controversy , which includes allegations of personal travel under the thin guise of government business and an employee award program that exceeded spending limits , so far has focused on one of 10 regions of the GSA -- an agency with a multibillion-dollar budget and more than 12,000 employees . Coming in an election year , the scandal has become a political focal point , with Republicans seeking to frame it as a reflection of big government abuse while Democrats say the problem involved a few bad players rather than a rotten system . During this week 's hearings , past and present GSA officials have described the agency 's complex management structure that proved unable to respond quickly to misconduct cited by the inspector general 's report . For example , the chief financial officer lacked direct oversight of regional budgets . One exchange Tuesday between Rep. Jeff Denham , a freshman Republican from California , and Miller highlighted the ways that Neely , and presumably others , avoided strictures against supplying food at government work conferences such as the Las Vegas event by creating joke awards in order to hold ceremonies at which food would be allowed . "  To get around the administration 's rule of not having food , they got around it by having an awards ceremony at every conference or every day of a conference ? " Denham asked . Miller responded : "  According to witnesses that we 've interviewed , it was a running joke in Region 9 that in order to get food , you had to give out awards -- and many of these awards were silly awards . " "  One of our witnesses characterized them , I guess , as fake awards , jackass awards and things of that nature , " Miller said . "  Now , getting back to the Western Region 's conference -- they gave out awards for theatrical performances . We do not consider that a proper award . The award has to be for contributions to the work of the agency . " Martha Johnson , the GSA administrator who resigned April 2 because of the scandal , said Tuesday that the Western Region conference at the heart of the problem had become a "  raucous , extravagant , arrogant , self-congratulatory event that ultimately belittled federal workers . " Among videos of the conference that have surfaced is one of David Foley , a deputy commissioner of the Public Buildings Service , an arm of the GSA , appearing to mock congressional oversight . In it , he gave a talent show award to an employee whose video featured a rap about spending too much and joking about avoiding investigation . Additional videos included one that seemed to make fun of Obama , as well as a fake red carpet ceremony with Neely boasting that his goal was to make the conference "  over the top . " Details also emerged of the employee incentive program , which violated limits on awards or gifts . Miller said Wednesday that ongoing investigations are looking at several regions of the GSA , and that his experience so far has found that each stone uncovered brought further revelations . He said that in the wake of the scandal , employees were coming forward to report other possible wrongdoing . "  Even today , we found out that the wife of the regional commissioner had a parking space throughout the entire year of 2012 at the federal building , " Miller said . "  And we just find one thing after another . " Tangherlini , however , said there was no evidence so far of endemic misconduct throughout the GSA , noting he has encouraged agency workers to reach out to him with concerns . "  They have not been shy , " Tangherlini said .	NEW : Inspector General Brian Miller says his office is finding more possible problems Democrats note past GSA scandals and positive steps by Obama appointees Republican Sen. James Inhofe says the GSA is a likely home for corruption The reported abuses include wasteful spending and violations of regulations
Most Americans will never serve in the military or fight for their country . Yet there are countless ways that everyone can help these veterans , who often return home from war to face their most difficult battles . Those severely injured may need to learn how to live with the loss of a limb or limited mobility . For others , brain injuries or post-traumatic stress disorder can make the return to civilian life a struggle . Here are nine simple things you can do to make a difference on Memorial Day -- or any day -- for the more than 23 million American veterans : 1 . Give a veteran a ride Medical care may be needed for some veterans for the rest of their lives . Disabled American Veterans provides free transportation to men and women who ca n't travel to Veterans Affairs medical facilities on their own . You can volunteer to drive a van for those who need a lift . 2 . Donate frequent flier miles The Fisher House Foundation has a network of homes on the grounds of military and VA hospitals around the country . These homes help family members be close during the hospitalization of a loved one for a combat injury , illness or disease . Fisher House operates the Hero Miles Program , using donated frequent flier miles to bring family members to the bedside of injured service members . You can also volunteer or donate household items . 3 . Buy veteran-friendly holiday cards More than a third of all Iraq and Afghanistan veterans have or will experience post-traumatic stress disorder . And veterans of past wars are still dealing with the ghosts of their time in the service . Coping with PTSD can put stress on not just veterans but also their families and friends . Your holiday card purchase this year can help veterans dealing with PTSD and other similar issues . Puppies Behind Bars is a program in which prisoners train companion dogs for veterans with PTSD , and these canines are featured in holiday cards sold to support the program . If you know a veteran dealing with PTSD , the VA offers the PTSD Coach Online to help veterans learn to manage symptoms , come up with ways to cope and find professional help . 4 . Help build a home for severely injured vets Severely injured veterans often come home needing a place to live that better accommodates their physical disabilities . Homes for our Troops builds specially modified homes for veterans that help them live independently . These homes are provided by Homes for Our Troops at no cost to the veterans . The group is able to do so through fund-raisers and donations . 5 . Keep veterans off the streets In times of war , exhausted combat units were removed from the battlefield to "  stand down " in a place of relative security to rest . The Department of Veterans Affairs ' Stand Down program is designed to help homeless veterans "  combat " life on the streets . Stand Downs are usually one - to three-day events to provide food , shelter , clothing and health screenings to homeless and unemployed veterans . To find a Stand Down program in your community , contact your local VA hospital in the VA Medical Center Directory . A phone call can also make difference in the life of a veteran who is homeless or at risk of becoming homeless . Call 877-4AID-VET , or 877-424-3838 , to be connected 24 hours a day , seven days a week with help at the VA. . The VA has set a goal of eliminating homelessness among veterans by 2015 . 6 . Send a care package or a letter Operation Gratitude is about to send its 1 millionth individually addressed care package to the military community . The packages are sent to current military members as well as veterans , wounded warriors and their caregivers . As more American troops return to civilian life , the Operation Gratitude veterans program has been growing . It also has a letter writing campaign encouraging everyone to write handwritten letters of gratitude to veterans . Over the next two years , Operation Gratitude hopes to provide a care package to every Vietnam veteran ahead of the 40th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War . 7 . Help them take flight According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , an estimated 640 World War II veterans die every day . The Honor Flight Network helps veterans of the "  greatest generation " make a free pilgrimage to the World War II Memorial on the National Mall in Washington . You can volunteer to escort these men and women on the flight to see this memorial . Honor Flight also plans to help Korean and Vietnam War veterans visit memorials to those wars in Washington as well . 8 . Share their stories So many veterans ' stories have been left untold , but the Library of Congress is collecting the tales of veterans of every war with the Veterans History Project . If you are related to a veteran or know one who has a story to tell , the Library of Congress wants to hear it . Help veterans share their stories before it 's too late . For directions on how to get involved , check out the Veterans History Project . 9 . Say thank you It 's simple , but it can make an impact . And so many veterans have never heard the words "  thank you . " If you know a veteran or see someone in a military uniform , say something . It may make his or her day and yours .	Simple things can make a difference for the more than 23 million American veterans Donate frequent flier miles , give a veteran a ride , write a letter or send a care package Let your actions speak to veterans , thanking them for their service to their country
Istanbul  CNN  -- Western leaders roundly condemned the downing of a Turkish military fighter jet by Syria ahead of a NATO meeting on Tuesday on the issue . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Sunday said she had spoken with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu about Friday 's incident . "  The foreign minister briefed me on the specifics of the incident , including that the Syrian military shot its plane down without warning , " Clinton said in a statement . "  The United States condemns this brazen and unacceptable act in the strongest possible terms . It is yet another reflection of the Syrian authorities ' callous disregard for international norms , human life and peace and security . " The Turkish Foreign Ministry said Sunday it considers the action to be a hostile act . Turkey delivered the message in a diplomatic note to the Syrian consulate in Istanbul , calling the incident "  a hostile movement , " ministry spokesman Selcuk Unal told CNN . Security Clearance : Can Turkey force U.S. , NATO to attack Syria ? Turkish search-and-rescue teams found the wreckage of the fighter jet in the Mediterranean Sea on Sunday , about 1,300 meters  4,260 feet  underwater , he said . Syrian TV : Turkish military jet shot down by Syrian artillery They have not reached the wreck yet , he added . There was no word about survivors of the two-man crew . "  We will work with Turkey and other partners to hold the Assad regime accountable , " Clinton said of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  Turkey has been a leader in the international community 's effort to address the Syrian regime 's violence against its own people . " The incident raises the temperature between the two regional powers significantly . Syria gave no warning before shooting down the F-4 Phantom jet which strayed into its territory , Davutoglu said Sunday in an appearance filled with tough talk against Syria . He accused Syria of spreading "  disinformation " about the incident . "  They have created the impression that Syria felt like it was an act of aggression and they shot it down . ... from our perspective that 's not the case , " Davutoglu told reporters . The plane in the Friday incident was unarmed , not sending hostile signals , and identifiable as Turkish , he said . "  You have to first send a caution , a warning , " he said in the first detailed Turkish statement on the international incident . "  If the warning does n't work , you scramble your planes , you send a stronger signal , you force the plane to land . There was n't enough time to do any of that in the time that our plane was in Syrian airspace . " "  We have to question how it is that an unarmed , solo flight got this response from the Syrians , " he said . He said the fighter jet was in international airspace when it was fired upon . It had strayed into Syrian territory in a "  short , unintentional violation , " but was notified by the Turkish side that it had crossed the line , and returned to international airspace , Davutoglu said . Turkey will respond "  decisively , " but within international law , the foreign minister vowed , saying : "  It 's a fine line . " Top Turkish officials in meetings after Syria downs Turkish jet Turkey took its case to NATO , a spokeswoman for the alliance confirmed . Turkey , a key member of the group , is expected to make a presentation on the incident in Brussels Tuesday . It called for the meeting under NATO 's Article 4 , which deals with what happens when the "  territorial integrity , political independence or security of any of the Parties is threatened . " British Foreign Minister William Hague Sunday called the incident "  outrageous " and said he condemned it wholeheatedly . " "  The Assad regime should not make the mistake of believing that it can act with impunity . It will be held to account for its behavior , " Hague said . The plane was participating in a test of Turkey 's national radar system , Davutoglu said . Turkish boats and helicopters had been searching for the two-man crew inside Syrian waters , he said . He said the search-and-rescue mission was not a joint operation with Syria , but was being coordinated with Damascus because it is in their territory . Davutoglu has also spoken with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the foreign ministers of the United Kingdom , France , Russia and Iran , and the European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton since the incident , Unal told CNN Saturday . The Syrian military shot down the plane Friday as it flew just off the Mediterranean coast , Syria said . A Syrian military spokesman said anti-aircraft artillery shot down what was an unidentified aircraft that entered its airspace at a very low altitude and high speed . While on fire , the jet fell into the sea 10 kilometers , or more than six miles , from the shore of the town of Um Al-Tuyoor , the spokesman said . Diplomat to world : Raise pressure to stop Syrian violence On Saturday , Syrian state news agency SANA quoted a military spokesman as saying "  the target turned out to be a Turkish military plane that entered Syrian airspace and was dealt with according to laws observed in such cases . " The U.N. 's Ban expressed his "  deep concern " about the situation and the potential implications for the region during a phone call with Davutoglu on Saturday , the United Nations said . He commended Turkey for the "  restraint " it has shown . The Turkish government called an emergency meeting after the warplane went missing near the border . The Turkish military said the plane took off from Malatya Erhac Center and lost radar communication over the sea near Hatay province , which borders Syria . The jet 's disappearance could spark an international crisis . Relations between the two neighbors have already deteriorated amid the bloody uprising against President al-Assad 's regime . Erdogan has repeatedly called on al-Assad to step down , and Turkey has withdrawn its diplomats from Damascus . Davutoglu pointedly refused to express support for al-Assad on Sunday , saying Turkey stands with "  the Syrian people . " "  This tension is not between Turkey and the Syrian people . There is a regime in Syria which oppresses its people , " he said . However , Turkish President Abdullah Gul suggested the two countries were still liaising despite their differences . "  We pulled out representatives from Syria because it was not safe . This does not mean we are not in contact with them  the Syrians  , " he said Saturday , according to the Anatolia news agency . More than 30,000 Syrian refugees have spilled onto Turkish soil , and Turkey is hosting a number of Syrian opposition groups . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States calls shooting down the plane "  a brazen and unacceptable act " NATO will meet Tuesday under an article dealing with security threats to members The military jet is found about 1,300 meters  4600 feet  underwater Turkey will respond "  decisively , " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- Texas terrorism suspect Hosam Smadi recorded a seven-minute video message for al Qaeda mastermind Osama bin Laden before his arrest on charges of plotting to blow up a Dallas building , an FBI agent testified Monday . Hosam Maher Husein Smadi said through his lawyer that he understood the charges Friday . No details of the message were provided in court . But FBI Special Agent Thomas Petrowski said the video was recorded in a hotel room with the assistance of undercover FBI operatives and Smadi intended for it to be delivered to or seen by bin Laden , the fugitive leader of the terrorist network behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Smadi , a 19-year-old Jordanian living in the United States illegally , is charged with plotting to set off a bomb at the base of the 60-story Fountain Plaza office tower in downtown Dallas . He was arrested September 24 after federal agents said he tried to trigger an improvised bomb attached to a vehicle at the base of the building . At a brief hearing in Dallas on Monday , Magistrate Judge Irma Ramirez ordered Smadi bound over for future hearings . Peter Fleury , the public defender representing Smadi , told reporters that his client remains held under immigration law , with no bail set . Fleury called his client "  a scared 19-year-old kid held away from his family , " who could face additional charges from a grand jury . Prosecutors do n't have to share the evidence against Smadi until after a grand jury acts , so lawyers do n't know the full extent of the case against him , Fleury said . "  We have got a lot of work to do , " he said . "  They have had the case since March . We just got the case . We 're way behind them . " Friends in the town of Italy , Texas , about 45 miles south of Dallas , said Smadi was outgoing and friendly -- but one told CNN last week that the teen started showing signs of depression about six months ago , around the same time the FBI started believing he was serious about carrying out a bomb plot . CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	FBI : Suspect recorded video in hotel ; intended for Osama bin Laden to see it Hosam Smadi accused of plotting to bomb Dallas skyscraper Lawyer : Smadi "  a scared 19-year-old kid held away from his family " Judge also ordered Smadi bound over for future hearings
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday challenged Republicans to "  fight as hard for middle-class families as you do for those who are more fortunate , " telling a Pennsylvania crowd to push Congress to extend the payroll tax cut enacted a year ago . Obama met with a family in Scranton , the birthplace of Vice President Joe Biden , then spoke at a nearby high school in what will be a battleground state in next year 's presidential election . Sounding the populist themes of his re-election bid so far , Obama complained that congressional Republicans were out of touch with mainstream American support for his jobs bill that included an extension of the payroll tax cut . He noted Senate Republicans previously blocked debate on the plan , saying that "  their actions lately do n't reflect who we are as a people . " A loud cheer erupted when Obama described the Democratic proposal to extend and expand the reduced payroll tax rate by saying : "  It is paid for by asking our wealthiest citizens to pay their fair share . " Noting the hard-line Republican opposition in deficit reduction negotiations to any tax increases for the wealthy , Obama urged the audience to ask its elected representatives "  are you willing to fight as hard for middle-class families as you do for those who are more fortunate ? " "  Send your senators a message , " Obama said to cheers . "  Tell them do n't be a grinch . Do n't be a grinch . Do n't vote to raise taxes on working American during the holidays . " Economists say the payroll tax cut -- part of a congressional spending deal negotiated last December -- has contributed to the nation 's economic recovery . Congressional Republicans have indicated support for extending the lower payroll tax rate for another year , but differ with Obama and Democrats on covering the more than $ 200 billion price tag . A Democratic bill under consideration by the Senate would assess a 3.25 % tax on income above $ 1 million a year to cover the cost . Republicans reject any tax increases and offered their alternative later Wednesday , calling for a freeze of federal salaries , reducing the federal workforce and preventing millionaires from getting food stamps and unemployment benefits . "  Republicans will put aside their misgivings and support this extension , not because we believe as the President does that another short-term stimulus will turn this economy around ... but because we know it will give some relief to struggling workers out there who continue to need it nearly three years into this presidency , " Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said Wednesday on the Senate floor . The Democratic surtax would hit wealthy Americans who create jobs , McConnell added , arguing such a strategy made no sense . The debate , he said , is about "  whether we should help those who are struggling in a bad economy by punishing the private sector businesses that the American people are counting on to help turn this economy around . " The White House pushed back against the Republican argument . Spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters traveling with Obama to Pennsylvania that the White House was open to Republican ideas on the legislation . At the same time , Earnest noted that Republicans have defended Bush-era tax cuts for millionaires but now raised questions about helping ease the tax burden of working-class Americans . On Tuesday , the new chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , Alan Krueger , told reporters that the proposed surtax on incomes above $ 1 million "  would hit very few small businesses . " "  The vast majority -- one figure I saw was 99 % of individuals with small business income -- would not be affected by this , " Krueger said . According to the non-partisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , 121 million families have benefited from the payroll tax break , with an increase in take-home pay of $ 934 for the average worker . Moody 's Analytics estimated in August that letting the tax cut expire would reduce growth by as much as 0.5 % . It called extending the cut one of the "  most straightforward " ways to "  reduce some of the coming fiscal restraint . " The Democrats ' bill would extend and expand last year 's tax break . Payroll taxes , cut to 4.2 % from 6.2 % last year , would be lowered to 3.1 % to provide middle class families with up to $ 1,500 more in their paychecks next year , Democrats said . Their measure also would partially extend the break to employers , hoping that might spur hiring . The price tag of the bill is about $ 265 billion , paid for by the 3.25 % surtax on annual income above $ 1 million , according to Democratic aides . Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada noted Tuesday that polls show a majority of Republican voters think wealthy Americans should pay more in taxes . "  The only place in America that people do n't want a fair system is Republicans here in the Senate , " Reid said . By contrast , the Republican plan would continue the 4.2 % payroll tax rate for a year and pay for it by imposing a three-year freeze on federal salaries and reducing the federal workforce by 10 % through replacing workers when they quit or retire . In addition , the plan would require Americans earning $ 750,000 a year or more to pay higher premiums for Medicare , and also prevent millionaires from getting food stamps or unemployment compensation . According to a Republican aide , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office found that the Medicare , food stamp and unemployment provisions would save $ 9 billion over 10 years , mostly from the Medicare part . A statement by Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson said the Republican plan would never pass i the Democrat-controlled Senate , "  but now that Republicans have reversed their position on the middle-class tax cut , we look forward to working with them to negotiate a consensus solution . " Obama 's trip Wednesday was his 17th to Pennsylvania since taking office . Obama won the state by a 10-point margin in 2008 , but Pennsylvania is seen as largely in play in the 2012 contest . A Franklin and Marshall College poll taken in early November indicated Obama ahead of potential Republican rivals in Pennsylvania in hypothetical 2012 general election showdowns . However , many voters surveyed said they had n't yet made up their mind about whom to support in the presidential election . CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi and CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Kevin Liptak and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Republicans propose spending , benefit cuts to pay for payroll tax cut extension A Democratic proposal would tax millionaires to pay for expanding the payroll tax cut Republicans oppose such a surtax and offer an alternative plan Failure to extend the payroll tax cut will cost average families about $ 1,000 a year
WIRED  -- What 's hot off the presses this week ? Want an out-of-print book ? With the help of Google , a machine may be able to print one for you . Any one of the more than 2 million books old enough to fall out of copyright into the public domain . Over the last seven years , Google has scanned millions of dusty tomes from deep in the stacks of the nation 's leading university libraries and turned them into searchable documents available anywhere in the world through its search box . And now Google Book Search , in partnership with On Demand Books , is letting readers turn those digital copies back into paper copies , individually printed by bookstores around the world . Or at least by those booksellers that have ordered its $ 100,000 Espresso Book Machine , which cranks out a 300 page gray-scale book with a color cover in about 4 minutes , at a cost to the bookstore of about $ 3 for materials . The machine prints the pages , binds them together perfectly , and then cuts the book to size and then dumps a book out , literally hot off the press , with a satisfying clunk .  The company says a machine can print about 60,000 books a year . That means you can stop into the Northshire Bookstore in Manchester , Vermont , and for less than $ 10 , custom-order your own copy of Dame Curtsey 's Book of Candy Making , the third edition of which was published in 1920 and which can only be found online for $ 47.00 used . Dane Neller , On Demand Books CEO , says the announcement flips book distribution on its head . "  We believe this is a revolution , " Neller said . "  Content retrieval is now centralized and production is decentralized . " Neller said the deal was clearly about the long tail of books , a reference to Wired magazine 's Editor-in-Chief Chris Anderson 's theory that hits become less important when distribution costs drop . One of the main benefits , according to Neller , is letting local book stores compete with Amazon.com by reducing their need to have expensive inventory . Other current retailers include the University of Michigan Shapiro Library Building in Ann Arbor ; the Blackwell Bookshop in London ; the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in Alexandria , Egypt ; the University of Alberta Bookstore in Edmonton , Canada ; and Angus & Robertson Bookstore in Melbourne , Australia . The company hopes to sell 60 more printers in the next year , bringing the number of machines globally to about 90 . On Demand Books suggests that book stores price the books at about $ 8 , leaving retailers with a $ 3 profit after both Google and On Demand Books collect a buck-a-book fee . Google plans to donate its share to a yet-unspecified charity , which might be a reaction to its messy legal and public policy fight over a copyright settlement that covers books that are still in copyright .  All the books that are being added to On Demand Books repertoire in this agreement are out of copyright in the country where it will be printed . Starting Sept. 29 , Bostonians can stop in the privately owned Harvard Bookstore in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and have their books printed in front of them . Or they can order it over the phone and have the store deliver it -- by bicycle . There 's a certain irony to that , too , according to Google spokeswoman Jennie Johnson , since the bookstore is right next to Harvard 's library , one of the libraries that partnered with Google to turn its millions of books into an online library of the future . "  Most people ca n't get into the Harvard Library , but you can print their books next door , " Johnson said . Or put another way , On Demand Books is betting that in the future , every old book will have 15 readers . What 's of interest in these old books ? Plenty , according to Google . One knitter discovered a long-lost book about knitting , and recreated the heirloom pieces and even built a loom from a long-lost design . Another reader , who works with subsistence farmers in Africa , currently uses PDFs of old farming techniques to teach still-relevant skills . Google already uses the public-domain books in search results , and users can read those books in full online and even download them as PDFs for free . Neither Neller or Johnson cared to speculate on how many of these books they expect to sell , but Johnson says some 80 percent of the public-domain books are looked at in a given month . Unfortunately , it 's unlikely that the number of public domain books will grow larger anytime soon , since Congress added two decades to existing copyright protection in 1999 . Copyright , which originally lasts about 14 years , now extends to the life of an author plus 70 years for newly created works . As for their quality ? They feel like a typical paperback , and are printed using typical 20 - or 24-pound paper , with heavier stock for the inkjet-printed cover , which currently all share one design . While turning bits back into paper seems a bit of a stretch for Google , Johnson said it fits with the company 's goal of organizing the world 's information . "  We think people should be able to find and read these books , " Johnson said . "  We do n't care how people end up reading them . " Neller said he 'd love to see the day when Google Book Searchers can press a button next to a search result and find the closest local printer , but Google says that 's a long way off . So for now , book buyers of the future who want to buy books from the past will need to walk to a bookstore -- or get Harvard Bookstore to use the bicycle , a 19th-century invention , to bring them a book printed with 21st-century technology . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Google Book Search is letting readers turn digitized texts back into paper copies Google scans millions of books and turns them into searchable documents Books can be printed on demand by a special machine in about 4 minutes The machine is only in a few dozen bookstores so far
CNN  -- Despite the fact that basic math and science cause me to bleed from my ears , I once confidently oversaw the design and construction of a fully functional nuclear power plant that provided safe energy to thousands of people . Hell , I even placed it next to a playground . And for decades it never once experienced so much as the slightest hint of disaster . Until the monster came . "  Sir , you better take a look at this . " "  Aww , jeez . " Yes , that was a rather dark day in the thriving metropolis of Jarrett-Is-Awesome-Ville . So , in response , as mayor , I quickly approved funding for a new football stadium . Which did n't seem to help with disaster management . "  Sir , the people would like a word with you . " Of course , I was never really mayor of a town -- I do n't wear pants nearly often enough to hold down that kind of job -- but I did enthusiastically play one on the classic city-building simulator , "  SimCity . " So , you can only imagine the excitement I felt recently when the Internet suddenly starting buzzing about the upcoming release of a brand new version of the only video game I ever loved . And as more and more mentions of it started popping up all over the Web , one thing became perfectly clear : I was n't alone in my undying passion for building fake roads . That said , it 's been many years and several epic steps in computer technology since I 've actually played the game  it debuted in 1989  . However , on March 5 , those of us who have long fancied ourselves as urban planners will get a completely modern version of "  SimCity " to once again assist us in the gleeful neglect of our jobs , family , and personal hygiene . Which , when you think about it , is fairly amazing . "  Sim City " should n't be fun . Not even a little bit . Essentially , it 's local governance . And from someone who just went through the process of obtaining a real-life building variance , I can assure you that City Hall is n't exactly the ball pit at Chuck E. Cheese . And it probably has more traces of feces . Yet , somehow , laying out your very own town from scratch , managing its budget , and occasionally destroying the whole community with monsters and earthquakes is unquestionably appealing . The true beauty of "  SimCity " is that for every disgruntled person who ever said , "  This whole place is run by idiots , " the game offers a way for you to prove to the world -- or at least , maybe , to your cat -- that you can do better . And , if nothing else , you can definitely take out all your day-to-day frustrations by bulldozing a train station . You know , without actually bulldozing a train station . Which , after a full week of intense investigative journalism , I can now confirm is "  illegal . " So , the other day , as a remarkably distinguished member of the international media , I had the opportunity to play a pre-release trial version of the new "  SimCity , " thus making it a five-star weekend . Whatever . You have your major accomplishments in life . I have mine . Unfortunately , however , on that beautiful and momentous Saturday I actually had to borrow my friend 's PC laptop to do so -- which made me feel both confused and dirty . Or at least more so than normal . Sadly , the Mac version of the game wo n't be available until later in the spring . So , the cool kids will just have to wait . Which is going to be tough . Seriously , if I was a grizzly bear I 'd probably just hibernate until late April , wake up , stretch , murder a bunch of salmon , and then immediately download the new "  SimCity . " And then murder more salmon . Because I 'm a grizzly bear . Who owns a MacBook Pro . So , here 's what I can tell you : The graphics are really pretty . And it 's very thorough . Very . I ca n't confirm this , but it 's entirely possible that you have to choose interior wallpaper for the local VD clinic . Also known as the future home of The Purell Center . What can I say ? I like to name things in my pretend community . Our future Major League Soccer team will play in the Bill and Melinda Gates Terror Dome ! Aside from the updated , fancy graphics and insane attention to detail , the other notable highlight of this new version of the game is the option for multiplayer and multicity . You can actually manage up to 16 towns at once and compete against other people . Though , personally , I prefer to make "  SimCity " a simple , private affair . It 's much easier to willfully launch a tornado on the trailer park when you do n't have to answer to anyone . Except The Sims . Your citizens . Who I imagine will be super enthusiastic to live in my temporary disaster housing , Joy Acres . Our motto : "  We want you to be happy ! " And why should n't they be ? They 'll have a great view of the nuclear power plant . "  Sir , the people would like a word with you . "	Jarrett Bellini checks out a trial version of the updated "  SimCity " video game The game lets you lay out your very own town from scratch and manage its budget Bellini : "  What can I say ? I like to name things in my pretend community " Online buzz has been building for the game , which comes out March 5
CNN  -- World champion Jenson Button returned to form after his third lap retirement at the Monaco Grand Prix , by leading opening practice ahead of Sunday 's Turkish Grand Prix at Istanbul Park . Button , who is aiming for his third race victory of the season , clocked one minute 28.28 seconds beating the morning time of McLaren teammate and fellow-Briton Lewis Hamilton . Hamilton could not repeat his time in the afternoon , finishing fourth quickest after the Red Bulls of Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel -- who currently share the lead in the world drivers ' championship . "  There is still more to come , which is always the case after a Friday , " Button told the official Formula One Web site . "  I am happy with the car at the moment , even though there are always some things that you want to sort out , " he added . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso came home fifth fastest -- half-a-second off the pace -- while the Mercedes duo of Nico Rosberg and Michael Schumacher were sixth and seventh respectively , followed by the Renaults of Robert Kubica and Vitaly Petrov . The second Ferrari of Felipe Massa , who won the race three times in a row from 2006 to 2008 , completed the top 10 .	Jenson Button is quickest in practice ahead of Turkish Grand Prix on Sunday The world champion finishes ahead of Red Bull pair Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel Button 's McLaren teammate Lewis Hamilton set the fastest lap in the morning session
CNN  The little boy looks barely old enough to walk , let alone understand the dark world he 's now inhabiting . He should be toddling around a playground with his friends . But instead , he wears a black balaclava , crouched down in a desolate street with his tiny hands clenched around an AK-47 . He pulls the trigger and the recoil of the shot knocks him back , his limbs unable to control the rifle . An adult takes the weapon from the boy 's hands as he stands up and steps away , casting a blank glance into the camera . It 's just one of the many videos that ISIS -- the Sunni terror group that has declared an independent Islamic state stretching from northern Syria to central Iraq -- has produced to boast of its youngest "  recruits . " And as the radical Islamist group strengthens its hold on this huge swath of land in the heart of the Middle East , it is cramming its warped ideas into minds that are often too young to understand . Mohammed , whose name has been changed out of fears for his safety , was one of them . He has now fled to safety in Turkey , but was just 13 when ISIS said he should attend one of their children 's camps in northern Syria . "  My friends and I were studying at the mosque , and they taught us that we should enrol in jihad with the -LSB- Islamic State -RSB- , " Mohammed told CNN . "  I wanted to go , but my father did not allow me to . " When ISIS found out that Mohammed 's father had prevented him from attending , the militants sent a patrol to their house . " -LSB- They told me -RSB- ` if you prevent Mohammed from coming to the camp , we will cut off your head , ' " his father , who declined to be named for this story , told CNN . So off Mohammed went to the camp . "  For 30 days we woke up and jogged , had breakfast , then learned the Quran and the Hadith of the Prophet , " Mohammed says . "  Then we took courses on weapons , Kalashnikovs and other light military stuff . " Some of the militants at the camp were kind , joking and laughing with the younger recruits . Others made the boys watch hideous things . "  They used to bring young -LSB- kids -RSB- to the camp to lash them , " Mohammed says . "  When we go to the mosque , they order us to come the next day at a specific time and place to -LSB- watch -RSB- heads cut off , lashings or stonings . " "  We saw a young man who did not fast for Ramadan , so they crucified him for three days , and we saw a woman being stoned -LSB- to death -RSB- because she committed adultery . " Mohammed says he understood some of the lessons taught at the camp -- like the importance of prayer and fasting -- but did n't understand words like "  infidels , " and why he should fight them . The boys would take oaths of allegiance to ISIS ' leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , and were considered ready to fight once they completed the religious and military courses taught at the camp . Mohammed 's father , terrified for his son , tried to visit him several times , but was turned back by guards who told him that the boy was n't there , or on patrol somewhere else . "  He is only a child , they might make him a suicide bomber and -LSB- convince him -RSB- that will be in paradise and stuff like that , " he said . Despite his fears , Mohammed 's father expressed doubt that the militants ' lessons would truly stick in his son 's mind . "  How can a child like that be convinced ? Where is the conviction in that ? He is a child , it 's not possible , " he said . "  He just saw his friends and kids his age went to the camp , so he wanted to go with them for entertainment . They thought war and guns were entertainment . " Mohammed 's father was eventually able to pull him out of the camp , and the family fled to Turkey . Now Mohammed does n't know what to do . He does n't want to go back to school -- he thinks he 's too old for that now -- and thinks he might like to learn the trade his father practiced before they were forced to flee their home , fearful of what ISIS militants would make him do . Mohammed says one of his friends at the camp has been killed on the front lines of ISIS ' war with more moderate rebel groups fighting to topple the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  He was martyred in Deir Ezzor when he fought the Free Syrian Army with ISIS , " Mohammed says . "  He was my age , 13 or 14 years old . " ISIS may preach absolute fealty to Islam , but Mohammed does n't recognize the militants ' message in his own understanding of his religion . "  I love my religion because I am a Muslim , " he said . "  And I used to go with my father for the prayers before ISIS came . But my father has taught me that religion is not about fighting , but it is about love and forgiveness . " Mohammed and his family are safe now . But as ISIS spreads its tentacles across the region , an increasing number of Syrians have nowhere to hide -- and the group 's murderous drive to convert everyone they encounter knows no age limits . READ MORE : Does Britain have a jihadi problem?OPINION : Why ISIS is immune to "  naming and shaming "  READ MORE : Mom 's plea to ISIS militants holding her son	CNN interviews 13-year-old boy who went to ISIS camp for children in northern Syria The children at the camp witnessed lashings , stonings and crufixion , the boy says The boy 's father was told he would be beheaded if he did n't allow his son to attend the camp `
CNN  -- Taiwan 's President Ma Ying-jeou apologized again today for the slow response to Typhoon Morakot and said he plans sweeping changes to the country 's rescue agencies and may punish some government officials . Taiwan President Ma ying-jeou speaking at a press conference in Taipei . "  We will try our best to do a better job in the rescue work that has been criticized for being too slow , " said Ma . "  There are things that we have to correct and we also will be responsible for whatever mistakes or neglect that government officials have made . " Morakot hit the island August 8 , dropping 102 inches of rain . The storm killed at least 123 people in Taiwan before it roared on to mainland China the next day . But more than 300 people could be dead as rescuers have struggled to locate many who were missing in remote mountainous areas of southern Taiwan . Ma said he will evaluate the rescue process and may punish some government officials by early September . Ma apologized last week for the rescue effort as he traveled around the typhoon-battered island . He said heavy rain grounded rescue helicopters in the first few days after the storm hit , delaying relief efforts . He said Tuesday that he will make changes to Taiwan 's fire departments and army to emphasize rescue and recovery training .	Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou apologized again for response to Typhoon Morakot Ma is planning sweeping changes and may punish some government officials More than 300 people feared dead as rescuers struggle to find missing persons
CNN  -- I 've been given a lot of credit for opening up the airwaves to frank sexual material , but I doubt without Helen Gurley Brown 's pioneering articles in Cosmopolitan that I could have gotten away with as much as I did . Hugh Hefner showed a lot of naked women in Playboy , and the Playboy Advisor did offer some advice on sexual functioning  in between answering questions about cars and stereos , but men were n't having quite the same difficulties finding sexual satisfaction that women were back in the '60s . The sexual revolution was upon us and young people were having more sex , but that did n't mean young women were having better sex . Certainly they were n't learning how to have good sex in the few sex ed classes that were around . Discussions about pleasure were n't part of the curriculum , that 's for sure . And if most of their friends were as clueless as they were , they were n't learning much from them .  Some women can climax very easily but the majority of women can not have an orgasm from intercourse alone and it 's those women who need to be taught what to do . News : Former Cosmo editor Gurley Brown dead at 90 The men they were dating knew even less about how to please a woman than the women did . So in between the silly quizzes and the puff pieces on fashion and the latest hairstyles , Helen Gurley Brown was sneaking in , at least in the early days , real information about how women could find sexual satisfaction . And the women were lapping it up , which is why eventually the articles about sex made their way onto the cover pages and the titillating titles became a mainstay of the magazine 's success . As Cosmo 's influence grew , spreading around the world , Helen 's crusade to teach women how to fully enjoy sex had a worldwide impact . Helen is known for having cracked the glass ceiling as editor of Cosmopolitan , but she should be given credit for helping every women in the working world because of the frank way she covered sex in her publication . Thanks to what they were reading in Cosmo , women discovered that they could have sexual satisfaction , but only if they took more control of what was happening during sexual encounters with their male partner . As they learned to ask for what they wanted and needed -- sexual satisfaction in the bedroom -- it was n't going to be long before they took more control in the boardroom as well . Video : Helen Gurley Brown : I 'm a devout feminist Knowing that you can control your own body gives you a level of self-confidence that helps in every endeavor . If you are sexually frustrated , if you have doubts about your own body , if you see two people having sex in the movies , as unrealistic as movie sex is , and say to yourself , "  Why ca n't I do that ? " then when faced with men at work who put you down and act in an overbearing manner , you 'll naturally back down . How can you show strength if you ca n't even manage something as basic as having sex ? But once a woman discovers how to have great sex , and takes charge and teaches her man what she needs , then the next morning when she 's on her way to the office she 'll have a lot more confidence in her own abilities and that confidence will help her succeed . There have been many women throughout history who were good at getting what they wanted by using their bodies . Their sexual wiles earned for them a degree of power that otherwise would have been unattainable . And while possibly some of them were actually enjoying sex , they did n't have to , as women can fake it -- and I 'm certain many were n't , at least not with the man they were milking for the better things in life . What Helen Gurley Brown taught women was how to use their bodies not to give someone else pleasure but to give themselves pleasure , and that is a tremendous contribution for which I thank her on behalf of all the women who are now orgasmic and might never have been without her pioneering efforts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Ruth Westheimer .	Dr. Ruth Westheimer says Helen Gurley Brown 's Cosmopolitan sex articles were pioneering She says before that , many women did n't know sex should bring pleasure , orgasm She says women 's power and prowess in bedroom could translate to the boardroom Dr. Ruth : Brown taught women not just to give others pleasure in sex , but themselves , too
CNN  -- Iraqi police have won back full control of a ministry building stormed by gunmen who took civil servants hostage , the Interior Ministry and security sources said Thursday . Six gunmen were killed in the police operation to retake the Ministry of Transport in northeast Baghdad . Police killed four militants , while two of the militants detonated suicide vests , the sources said . Two police officers were killed and seven injured in the attack . The hostages were freed unharmed . Police earlier said that the militants had overrun the Ministry of Human Rights building , adjacent to the Ministry of Transport . Roads were blocked around the Iraqi capital following the attack , and areas leading to Baghdad 's fortified Green Zone were closed . Separately , two car bombs exploded Thursday in different areas in the northeast part of the capital , killing four people and injuring 14 others . One hit a popular market area , a police source said . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed in violence , most of them civilians . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased since fighting broke out at the end of last year to the west of Baghdad in Anbar province , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraqi security forces have been battling for control of Falluja and Ramadi . More than 140,000 people have been made homeless since the new conflict erupted , according to Iraq 's Ministry of Displacement and Migration . The United Nations said last week it was scaling up its humanitarian response to help those displaced by the violence . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : At least four people are killed and 14 injured in two car bomb attacks in Baghdad Civil servants taken hostage by gunmen are freed unharmed , security sources say Iraqi police retake ministry building from gunmen , six of whom are killed The United Nations says 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008
CNN  -- The accused terrorist who said he was tortured into making a false connection between al Qaeda and Iraq has died in a Libyan prison , human rights monitors said Tuesday . Colin Powell featured Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi 's claim in a presentation to the U.N. Security Council . Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi 's allegation that Iraqi agents trained al Qaeda operatives in the use of chemical and biological weapons was "  pivotal " to the Bush administration 's case for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , said Stacy Sullivan , a counterterrorism adviser for the U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . "  He 's a fairly significant figure in the counterterrorism world , and his testimony I would say provided the linchpin for the invasion of Iraq , " she said . Then-Secretary of State Colin Powell featured al-Libi 's claim in the dramatic presentation he made to the U.N. Security Council just weeks before the invasion , citing it as evidence of ties between Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's government and the terrorist network responsible for the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . Al-Libi recanted his account after the invasion , and no other evidence supported the story , the Senate Intelligence Committee reported in 2006 . Al-Libi 's death was first reported by a Libyan newspaper over the weekend and confirmed by Human Rights Watch researchers Monday , Sullivan said . The newspaper report said he had committed suicide , and the group is asking Libya to conduct a "  full and transparent " investigation into his death . Researchers from the New York-based organization were "  stunned " to discover him in a Libyan prison in April during a fact-finding mission to the North African country , Sullivan said . The United States did not transfer al-Libi to the Guantanamo Bay prison camp with other top al Qaeda captives in 2006 , and Washington had never confirmed what happened to him , she said . When prison officials pointed out al-Libi to the researchers , he refused to talk to the group . He told them , "  Where were you when I was being tortured in American jails ? " Sullivan said . "  He got really angry and walked away , " she said . The Libyan newspaper Oea reported Sunday that al-Libi , born Ali Mohammed Abdelaziz al-Fakhry , had committed suicide in a prison cell in his native country . He had been getting regular visits from his family , the last one in late March , the newspaper reported . "  Upon discovering his body , the police and a doctor were dispatched to the prison immediately to start the investigation , " Oea reported . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the United States was investigating the report , but had no immediate comment . "  I have to refer you to the government of Libya for any details regarding the matter , " he said . Al-Libi had trained al Qaeda operatives in Afghanistan and was captured in Pakistan in late 2001 , according to the Intelligence Committee report . After the invasion of Iraq , he said his statements connecting Iraq to al Qaeda had been made in response to threats by American interrogators and by beatings at the hands of intelligence agents in Egypt , where he was transferred in 2002 . "  I think he would be able to tell us more about the secret CIA prison program and the rendition program , " Sullivan said . Al-Libi told the CIA in 2004 that he had made up the story "  in order to gain better treatment " and avoid being shipped to Egypt , the Intelligence Committee reported . Egypt denies wrongdoing , but was widely believed to have tortured prisoners in its custody , according to an April report from the Senate Armed Services Committee . As early as February 2002 , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency warned that al-Libi "  was likely intentionally misleading his debriefers , " the Intelligence Committee report states . The CIA supported al-Libi 's account , but added language to its January 2003 assessment noting that he would not have had first-hand knowledge of any weapons training , according to the committee . The Bush administration argued that the invasion of Iraq was necessary because Iraq was concealing chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs from international inspectors and could have shared those weapons with terrorists . No such stockpiles were found after the invasion , and the independent commission that investigated the 2001 attacks found no evidence of a collaborative relationship between the two entities . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Accused terrorist said he was tortured into saying Iraqis trained al Qaeda operatives Rights group adviser : Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi 's testimony key to U.S. invasion of Iraq Senate panel : Al-Libi recanted story after invasion ; no other evidence supported it Libyan newspaper says he committed suicide in prison ; rights group seeks inquiry
CNN  -- Native son and veteran dog musher John Baker of Kotzebue , Alaska , made history Tuesday by claiming first place in the state 's famous Iditarod Sled Dog Race . Baker 's win marks the first time in the race 's 38-year history in which an Alaskan Inupiaq has taken top prize . Baker 's win triggered some raw emotional Alaskan pride , with native drums beating loudly at Iditarod 's finish line . Baker , wearing bib number 53 , pulled onto Front Street in Nome at 9:46 a.m. local time , waving and shaking hands with the celebratory crowd as many fans ran behind Baker 's sled . Baker , 48 , also shattered Martin Buser 's course record for fastest completion time , beating it by more than three hours . Baker completed more than 1,150-miles of travel in eight days , 19 hours , 46 minutes and 49 seconds . The win marks Baker 's 12th "  Top 10 " finish , but , more importantly , his first win . The Iditarod 's finish line in Nome is located along the Bering Sea coast , in the heart of rural but proud Inupiat country , populated by the Inupiat Eskimo group that still relies on a traditional , subsistence lifestyle primarily of hunting , fishing and whaling . A large welcoming crowd gathered around the famed burled arch , and the crowd erupted in cheers and native chants as Baker and his team of 10 dogs became visible on the horizon . Pumping his fists into the air , Baker told the crowd , "  I feel good ... I 'm just so happy to be here and see everybody . I 'm just enjoying the moment ... This is the way life is supposed to be . " Along with his lead dog seated on the winner 's podium of Iditarod 39 , Baker was presented a check for $ 50,400 and a key to a brand-new Dodge truck . The win epitomizes the pride running very deep in native Alaska . Throughout race coverage provided online with "  The Iditarod Insider , " Inupiats enthusiastically greeted Baker at checkpoints along the trail , providing words of encouragement to their native son . Sheldon Katchatag , an elder from the village checkpoint of Unalakleet , told the "  The Iditarod Insider , " "  This is a historic race , not just from the Iditarod perspective , but for the first time in the history of this race , a musher of Inupiaq descent from western Alaska is about to fulfill our ambitions for our customary and traditional livelihood . " Katchatag , who grew up mushing to collect wood to keep his family 's cabin warm , reminded race watchers , "  This is not a sport . It used to be the only means of transportation . " Katchatag has been greeting mushers in Unalakleet for decades now , but he admits Baker 's position in the race inspired him for the first time to put on native clothing to greet the musher . The village elder donned his mom 's polar bear fur boots , his dad 's polar bear mittens , a parka with a wolf ruff and a beaver hat . He was beating on a traditional drum to welcome Baker 's team into Unalakleet before the sun had even risen , as seen on video provided online by "  The Iditarod Insider . " "  I felt the spirit move me to welcome him into Inupiat country . I did that at 5 o'clock in the morning because I identify with him , " Katchatag told a reporter from the Alaska Dispatch , "  We are so , so proud of him . " Louie Nelson , an elder from Baker 's hometown , was watching as Baker crossed the finish line , telling "  The Iditarod Insider " that Baker has "  put Kotzebue on the map . " Nelson , whose son also was a musher in this year 's Iditarod race , says there is no day in Kotzebue "  that will be prouder than today . " Baker is a commercial pilot in his hometown and describes himself as self-employed . According to a biography featured in the 2011 Iditarod Race Guide , Baker enjoys "  rural Alaska life " and lists his hobbies as "  flying and dogs . " He has a son , Alex , 22 , a veteran of the Junior Iditarod race and a daughter , Tahala , 8 years old . Baker has been competing in the Iditarod Sled Dog Race consecutively since 1996 , one of the few natives who have successfully been able to raise the funds necessary to participate in the race each year . Mushers estimate costs at close to $ 20,000 just to compete in the long-distance event -- including a $ 4,000 entrance fee , the year-long training of a dog team and the necessary supplies to be stocked all the way along the 1,150-mile trail . Many mushers compete with dog teams borrowed from other kennels to defray their own expenses . Veteran musher Hugh Neff , who was racing in fifth place on the trail Tuesday , told fans before the start of the race that he believes there should be a scholarship fund that would allow at least one native musher to compete each year in the Iditarod . After all , the Iditarod 's roots come from rural Alaskan traditions , which Neff says he studied first-hand while living and working in native villages across the Arctic . Neff knows a little something about how to scrape funds together . He moved to Alaska in 1995 to "  chase down a dream , " he told CNN , with only $ 200 to his name the first day . He was living in a tent in the woods near an Anchorage public park , he said , but now owns his own successful kennel in Tok , Alaska , where he trains his long-distance teams . Neff was quick , however , to give most of the credit to the dogs themselves , declaring , "  We , as humans , are so weak compared to these dogs . What they do blows my mind . Half the time out there , I 'm either giggling or crying with joy just watching them do what they do ... it 's pretty phenomenal to watch . " Dallas Seavey , a 23-year-old third-generation musher from Seward , Alaska , also was going for a top-five position in the race this year . Seavey , the youngest musher to ever complete the Iditarod at age 19 , surprised veterans of the sport at this year 's 1,000-mile Yukon Quest -- taking first place and a spot in history as the youngest musher to ever win that long-distance race . Seavey began his Iditarod march from Anchorage to Nome only a couple weeks after the Quest win . Last year 's champion and four-time consecutive Iditarod winner , Lance Mackey , had some early disappointments in the race this year . His starting team of 16 dogs has now been pared down to eight ; others were left with veterinarians at various checkpoints en route . Mackey was in 17th place Tuesday with about 100 miles still to travel to reach the finish line at Nome . Baker and Mackey are competitors in the race but are also good friends who share a common love for the sport . Mackey acknowledged to "  The Iditarod Insider " that having a new champion this year is "  good for the sport . " Mackey even predicted a native win by Baker would mean a lot to the state of Alaska . "  It 's wonderful . It could n't happen to a better guy , " Mackey said . That congratulatory sentiment was echoed by Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell , whose office released a statement saying Baker 's "  lightning pace has given Kotzebue bragging rights and made this a thrilling race for Alaskans and people around the world . "	Alaskan John Baker wins this year 's Iditarod Sled Dog Race in record time His win marks the first time an Alaskan Inupiaq has taken top prize The Inupiaq are an Eskimo group that still relies on a traditional , subsistence lifestyle A crowd at the finish line in Nome erupted in cheers and native chants as Baker won
EW.com  -- A dolphin named Winter loses its tail to a crab trap in "  Dolphin Tale " -- a  sometimes sickly  sweet family film based on a true story . It 's no spoiler to say that there is a happy ending , partly because this is the kind of constantly uplifting heart-warmer in which even the villains are congenial , but also because the injured animal is played by its real-life counterpart . Morgan Freeman also plays a version of himself as a kindly wise man whose expertise in prosthetics helps save Winter . While the plot occasionally feels like "  Free Willy " without the drama , it 's a cute story if you do n't mind temporarily trading in your cynicism for a bag of popcorn . EW.com rating : B - CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It 's no spoiler to say that there is a happy ending The injured animal is played by its real-life counterpart Morgan Freeman also plays a version of himself
CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region killed four suspected militants Friday , intelligence officials said . It was the latest in a spate of suspected drone attacks that the United States has carried out in Pakistan since U.S. forces killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in the early morning hours of May 2 . The suspected drone fired two missiles on a vehicle in the area of Miran Shah of North Waziristan , a region near Pakistan 's border that is rife with Islamic extremists , two intelligence officials said . They asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . Suspected U.S. drone strikes , a source of tension between the two nations , have increased in pace in Pakistan since bin Laden 's death . The United States has carried out six suspected drone strikes in Pakistan in the past 15 days , according to a CNN count based on information from Pakistani intelligence sources . That works out to an average of one strike every 2.5 days . From January 1 through May 5 , by contrast , the United States conducted 20 suspected strikes , an average of one drone strike every six days , according to CNN 's count . The recent increase , however , probably is not due to intelligence gained from bin Laden 's compound , Bill Roggio , a military affairs analyst and editor of the Long War Journal , has said . "  This uptick is not unusual from a recent historical perspective , he said . "  What has happened , since the bin Laden raid , is that the U.S. has not felt pressured to dial back the attacks due to Pakistani sensibilities . " The United States has conducted a string of drone strikes in a fairly short time period before , he said , while at other times several weeks have passed without such a strike . He attributes a lull in the first months of this year to tension between the United States and Pakistan over the arrest of CIA contractor Raymond Davis and other disputes between the countries ' intelligence services . Authorities in Pakistan detained Davis after he shot and killed two men in what he described as a case of self-defense . Davis was released after a payment was made to the men 's families .	A suspected drone strike has killed four suspected militants The U.S. has stepped up drone strikes since bin Laden 's death , a CNN count shows Friday 's attack hit a part of Pakistan that is rife with Islamic extremism
Romulus , Michigan  CNN  -- Part of an explosive device that failed to take down a plane last week was sewn into the underwear of the Nigerian man accused of igniting it , a law enforcement official told CNN Monday . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held for allegedly trying to blow up a flight carrying 300 passengers on Christmas Day . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility Monday for the attack , saying it was in retaliation for alleged U.S. strikes on Yemeni soil . In a message written in Arabic , dated Saturday and published Monday on radical Islamist Web sites , the group hailed the "  brother " who carried out the "  heroic attack . " The group said it tested "  new kind of explosives " in the attack and hailed the fact that the explosives "  passed through security . " "  There was a technical problem that resulted in a non-complete explosion , " the message said . A preliminary FBI analysis found that the device AbdulMutallab is said to have carried aboard the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , contained pentaerythritol tetranitrate , an explosive also known as PETN . The amount of explosive was sufficient to blow a hole in the aircraft , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Sunday . In his first public comment since the Christmas Day incident , President Obama said he directed his national security team to "  keep up the pressure on those who would attack our country . " "  We do not yet have all the answers about this latest attempt , but those who would slaughter innocent men , women and children must know that the United States will do more than simply strengthen our defenses , " Obama told reporters in a break from his Christmas holiday in Hawaii . U.S. investigators have not determined whether the al Qaeda claim of responsibility was true , but one U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN on Monday that the group might have some involvement . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said that if al Qaeda operatives in Yemen were behind the Christmas plot , that would represent a significant advance for the group . "  Most of the attacks we have seen in the past have been in Yemen or Saudi Arabia , and the -LSB- al Qaeda -RSB- affiliate there has not been able to do out-of-the-area operation , " Bergen said . A federal security bulletin obtained by CNN said AbdulMutallab claimed the explosive device used Friday "  was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used . " Yemen 's government launched airstrikes and other raids against al Qaeda operatives on its territory over the past two weeks , and Monday 's statement by al Qaeda accused the United States of assisting with cruise missile attacks launched from offshore . U.S. officials privately acknowledge they have provided secret intelligence on several al Qaeda targets to Yemen 's government but wo n't say whether U.S. aircraft or drones took part in the strikes . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula threatened further attacks in its statement , saying , "  We have prepared men who love to die . " "  By God 's permission , we will come to you with more things that you have never seen before , " it said . Yemen 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned Friday 's attempted attack in a statement released Monday . "  Yemen has long suffered from terrorism and condemns such criminal acts that kill innocent civilians . Yemen is and remains an active partner of the international community in the war against terrorism . Efforts of Yemeni security agencies to continue ongoing operations and prosecutions against terrorist operatives from al Qaeda will not falter , " it said . Mohammed Albasha , spokesman for the Yemen Embassy in Washington , confirmed to CNN Monday that AbdulMutallab was in Yemen between August and December . According to the ministry 's statement , AbdulMutallab had obtained a visa to study Arabic at a language institute in Yemen where he had previously studied . Relatives of the suspect said Monday that they told authorities weeks ago about AbdulMutallab 's "  out of character " behavior and hoped authorities would intervene . AbdulMutallab , 23 , was studying abroad when he "  disappeared " and stopped communicating with his relatives , they said in a statement . His father , Umaru AbdulMutallab , contacted Nigerian security agencies two months ago and foreign security agencies six weeks ago , the statement said . A senior U.S. administration official said one of those agencies contacted was the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria . The embassy , which has law enforcement , security and intelligence representatives on staff , reported the father 's concern to other agencies , the official said . "  We were hopeful that they would find and return him home , " the family said . "  It was while we were waiting for the outcome of their investigation that we arose to the shocking news of that day . " AbdulMutallab , a Nigerian who had a multiple-entry visa to the United States , had been added to a watch list of 550,000 potential terrorist threats after the information provided by his father was forwarded to the National Counter-Terrorism Center , a senior administration official said . But "  the info on him was not deemed specific enough to pull his visa or put him on a no-fly list , " the official said . Obama said Monday he has "  ordered a thorough review , not only of how information related to the subject was handled , but of the overall watch-list system and how it can be strengthened . " Do you feel safe in the skies ? The father of the suspect contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria with concerns his son had "  become radicalized " and was planning something , a senior U.S. administration official said . "  After his father contacted the embassy recently , we coded his visa file so that , had he attempted to renew his visa months from now , it would have triggered an in-depth review of his application , " a U.S. official said . Passengers on the Christmas Day flight described a chaotic scene that began with a popping sound as the plane was making its final approach , followed by flames erupting at AbdulMutallab 's seat . The suspect was moved Sunday from a hospital , where he was treated for his burns , to an undisclosed location in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . He is charged with attempting to destroy the plane and placing a destructive device on the aircraft . Authorities have focused their investigation on how AbdulMutallab , 23 , allegedly smuggled the explosives aboard the flight and who might have helped him . "  We 're ascertaining why it was that he was not flagged in a more specific way when he purchased his ticket , given the information that we think was available , allegedly was available , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN 's "  American Morning " Monday . Meanwhile , tighter security measures in the wake of the incident triggered long lines at security checkpoints at airports in the United States and abroad . Airlines and their crews have been given discretion over implementation of a "  one-hour rule , " which prohibits passengers from leaving their seats during the last hour of flight , sources said . The Transportation Security Administration invoked the rule for international U.S.-bound flights after the botched attack . Airline security will be the focus of hearings by the Senate committees on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and Commerce , Science and Transportation ; the House Committee on Homeland Security is also slated to hold a hearing on the incident . AbdulMutallab 's trip originated in Lagos , Nigeria . There , he did not check in a bag as he flew on a KLM flight to Amsterdam , said Harold Demuren , director-general of Nigeria 's Civil Aviation Authority . Demuren said the suspect underwent regular screening -- walking through a metal detector and having his shoulder bag scanned through an X-ray machine . He then underwent secondary screening at the boarding gate for the KLM flight , according to officials of the Dutch airline . After arriving in Amsterdam , AbdulMutallab boarded the Northwest Airlines flight to the United States . The Netherlands ' national coordinator for counterterrorism told CNN that AbdulMutallab had gone through "  normal security procedures " in Amsterdam before boarding the flight to Detroit . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jeanne Meserve , Carol Cratty , Richard Quest , Nic Robertson , Christian Purefoy , Tom Cohen , Mike Ahlers , Alona Rivord , Mohammed Jamjoom , Miguel Susana and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Al Qaeda blames "  non-complete explosion " on "  technical problem " President Obama vows to use "  every element " in U.S. arsenal to combat terror Part of explosive device was sewn into suspect 's underwear , official says Al Qaeda says it tested new explosive that got through security ; threatens more attacks
CNN  -- They do n't call it "  Twi Crack " for nothing . Lisa Hansen , for example , thought she had lost her mind the first time she read "  Twilight . " Partly because she 's 36 . "  I was absolutely worried that something was wrong with me , " the Utah mother of two said . "  I just could n't put it down -- I was obsessed completely . " She picked up the first of Stephenie Meyer 's vampire novels -- recommended by a teen neighbor -- with few expectations . After devouring it , she could n't get the images of doomed love between a vegetarian vampire , Edward , and an awkward teenage girl , Bella , off her mind . Hansen thought about the books so much she seriously wondered if she was experiencing some sort of midlife crisis . "  I thought I was the only woman in the world who was my age and was just obsessed with books , " she said . In reality , far from it . Hansen is just one of the thousands of women around the world who have gotten caught up in the vampire frenzy . While they resemble the youthful , squealing "  Twilight " fans on occasion -- Kellan Lutz , who plays vampire Emmett Cullen in the films , admitted some of the mail he gets from older fans makes him blush -- they 're still not the typical fan girls . For starters , being so in love with "  Twilight " when you 're "  of a certain age " can come with a healthy dose of shame . "  The stigma of it being a teenager 's book was the biggest issue , " Hansen said . "  Everyone felt the same way I did , like , ` What 's wrong with me ? Why am I obsessing over this teenager thing ? ' " But , one by one , the women began to find each other online , relieved that they were n't the only ones . "  As grown women we know that we never forget our first love , the first time our heart was really broken , " Hansen explained of the often indescribable pull of Meyer 's work . "  I just think that so many women can kind of identify with the experiences and emotions and underlying message of how difficult it is to make choices in life . " Since so many of "  Twilight " fan sites were overrun with teenagers , adult women have erected their own digital havens for fans who could take only so much of the "  OMG Edward 's so hot !!! " reaction to "  Twilight . " There 's Hansen 's Twilight Moms Web site , which she started for married women and mothers who want to revel in their "  Twilight " fandom , and sites like 49-year-old Patricia Kopicki 's , which is for any adult "  Twilight " fan , parent or not . Both of them say they get steady streams of messages from women thanking them for helping them come out of their "  Twilight " closet . "  Many of us -LSB- fans -RSB- are happily married with kids , some as old as the male leads in ` Twilight . ' Some of them jokingly refer to themselves as ` cougars ' because of this , but it 's used as a humorous way of saying we realize we are old enough to be Robert Pattinson 's mother -LSB- and -RSB- we still find him attractive , " Kopicki said . The cougar comes out of the closet Historically , any woman nearing menopause was expected to be at home , raising kids and uninterested in sex , said Valerie Gibson , who claims credit for the concept of the "  cougar . " "  I wrote a book about older women and younger men in 1990 , and let me tell you , the world was not ready for older women having sex with younger men , " Gibson said . "  Older women have always been indoctrinated to believe that they would get to a certain age and they were no longer wanted and sexy and desired . I think older women who have found their sexuality have always lusted after younger men but they were never , never allowed to say so . " She hopes the love and lust many of these women display for the "  Twilight " characters and the much younger actors who play them will turn the stereotype on its head . "  We 've got a whole new social phenomenon of older women saying , ` Who told me sexuality would die ? It has n't ! Here it is still burning away , maybe not for the guy I 've been with for 30 years , but it 's still there , ' " Gibson said . "  They 're embracing it now . " Indeed , the "  Twilight " fans are very aware of the age gap between themselves and the objects of their oft-sexy fantasies , and , when given the space to express it , they are n't the least bit ashamed . Jenny , a 32-year-old financial administrator who runs an adults-only "  Twilight " blog mature enough to make her shy away from providing a last name , said women have thanked her for being so openly crass about her love of "  Twilight " because it frees them to express desires in a way they would n't in real life . "  We love to talk about how sexy Rob Pattinson is and what we would do if we got close , " she said . "  We feed off each other -- we can be these racy , silly , just kind of goofy women about this . No one 's being judged for being married and saying , ` I 'm 54 and I think this 23-year-old is absolutely delicious . ' " Jenny , who runs the "  Twitarded " site from New Jersey with her 41-year-old friend Debbie , said the books and movies have given her a new creative outlet . "  I get excited over things that I never have before , " Jenny said . "  I 've never followed celebrities before and all of a sudden I 'm talking about E! Online and Access Hollywood , and my boyfriend is like , ` You do n't even watch TV . ' " If Robert Pattinson is on , she does now -- and her boyfriend does n't mind . Neither does Debbie 's husband . These women , for the most part , are n't desperately single and looking for love through a fictional book about teens , Debbie said . "  I would n't go back to dealing with teenage love in a million years . I 'm happily married and I have a great relationship , so it 's not that I feel that ` Twilight ' is filling a void , " Debbie added . "  The appeal is that it 's very simple and pure and it outlines this love story of someone who 's average and normal with this stellar , amazing person who has eyes for no one but her and could save her from anything . " Fans camp out for "  New Moon " Edward & Bella do S&M It 's the fantasy romance of Edward and Bella -- which all of the women acknowledge could never actually happen , a sign of maturity younger fans do n't often express -- that inspires them to put some intensity back into their real-life relationships . "  It 's helped relationships , because -LSB- the fans -RSB- are happier nowadays . They have more friends , even if it 's just online friends , -LSB- and -RSB- they 're racier now . We hear all the time that people 's sex lives have n't been the same since , " Debbie said . Oddly enough , there 's no sex in Meyer 's novels , at least nothing that could n't be replicated in the PG movies they 're based on . That has n't stopped the fans from creating their own sex scenes in copious amounts of fan fiction , some of which have themes like "  Edward and Bella do steamy office affair , " or "  Edward and Bella try out S&M . " "  It 's a rekindling of old feelings , because when you 're married and you 've got kids and you 're running around to the soccer and basketball and football games , -LSB- and you 've got -RSB- work , bills ... the relationship gets pushed off to the side , " explained Kopicki , herself a mother of two teenagers . "  Your husband may not look exactly like Edward , but just as men have their fantasies , women do too and they need to be able to express it , " she added . "  A book like ` Twilight ' has brought that out . " Twilight Moms , by contrast , aims to keep things family-friendly . Hansen said she wanted the site to be something a woman can browse while in the presence of her kids . Nevertheless , Hansen acknowledges that even the more subdued older "  Twilight " fans admit feeling attracted . "  Edward is just in a 17-year-old body , but he 's actually 108 , " Hansen said with a laugh . "  I have a friend who said she 's able to justify her love for Jacob because she counts his age in dog years . " But when the actors are under 18 , like Taylor Lautner , the 17-year-old who plays Jacob , is , all of the women agree that a line has to be drawn on the swooning . "  We 're very careful about that , because even to me that would feel creepy , " Hansen said . "  And then we have the mothers who say , ` oh my gosh he 's the same age as my son ! ' " But , the fans said , no one 's actually expecting to date Lautner , Pattinson or Lutz . In the end , the obsession with "  Twilight " is all in the name of a good time between mothers and daughters , or new friends . "  We 're having a really , really fabulous time being 30 , 40 , or 50 . We 're very unapologetic of our age , " Jenny said . "  Women are saying ` so what , I 'm 45 , I 'm married , I have children , but there 's no reason why I ca n't say that Robert Pattinson is hot . ' "	Adult female fans of the "  Twilight " series are just as in love with it as teen girls They often take it a step further , spicing up Stephenie Meyer 's chaste sex scenes They created communities where they can express their "  Twilight " love without judgment Their "  coming out " reflects a societal push toward older women embracing sexuality
CNN  -- Powered by ferocious winds , Typhoon Hagupit is whipping towards central Philippines and could affect the same area hit by the deadly Typhoon Haiyan just 13 months ago , several forecasts show . With winds gusting up to 172 miles per hour  277 kilometers per hour  , the strongest storm of 2014 could slam into the Philippines , a country of more than 92 million people all too familiar with destructive weather . Forecasters do n't know exactly where Hagupit , or Ruby as it 's known in the Philippines , will make landfall . But local authorities estimate that about 44 provinces , home to 35 million people could be in the storm 's projected path . Typhoons are compared in terms of intensity , wind speeds , gusts , rainfall and , for the people in their path , homes and lives lost , and dollars and time needed to rebuild . Super Typhoon Haiyan , or Yolanda as it was known locally , which struck in 2013 , was recorded as the strongest tropical cyclone ever to make landfall anywhere in the world in recorded history . What 's in a name ? Typhoons and hurricanes are both tropical cyclones , but they assume different names , depending on their location . Typhoons form in the northwest Pacific Ocean , west of the international date line . They become Super Typhoons if they reach maximum sustained 1-minute surface winds of at least 240 kilometers per hour  150 mph , or 130 knots  , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . A Super Typhoon is the equivalent of a strong Category 4 or 5 hurricane in the Atlantic , or a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone in the Australian basin . The Philippines is in the firing line of typhoons , for a number of reasons . In Tacloban , children ripped from arms Path of destruction The Philippines sits on the western rim of the Pacific Ocean , the most active area for tropical cyclones because of the vast expanse of deep , warm ocean water . The country comprises more than 7,000 islands , leaving plenty of exposed coast at the mercy of wind and rain . More than 92 million people live there , most of them outside the capital , Manila , where 12 million people are packed into one of the most densely populated cities in the world . Last year , Super Typhoon Haiyan made landfall south of the capital , while most people were sleeping , about 4:30 a.m. . The devastating storm killed more than 6,000 people as it crashed into the Eastern Visayas region where it severely devastated the city of Tacloban , and then struck the Central Visayas . Frequency An average of eight or nine tropical cyclones make landfall in the Philippines each year . Eleven typhoons have affected the country this year , compared with the record of 19 that smashed into the coast in 1993 , according to PAGASA , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration . The Philippines is covered in mountains , which drop sharply to coastal areas , increasing the risk of devastating landslides . Storm surges are also a risk along the populated coasts . Despite the frequency of violent storms , many of the buildings are not built to withstand a heavy battering from strong wind and rain . Over the last decade , the Philippines has consistently ranked in the top five most disaster-hit countries -- along with China , the United States , India and Indonesia -- according to the Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters , or CRED . High costs By international standards , the Philippines may be showing strong annual economic growth , but it 's one of the poorest countries in the world , ranking 165th in GDP per capita , according to the CIA World Factbook . In 2013 , GDP per capita was $ 4,700 . Any natural disasters deal a hefty blow to the country 's finances . The cost of Super Typhoon Haiyan reached over $ 13 billion , according to some estimates . It was by far the biggest natural disaster to hit the country in terms of the number of people affected and the total cost of damage , according to the International Disaster Database . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	The Philippines is one of the most disaster-hit countries in the world Typhoon Hagupit following path towards places hit by Super Typhoon Haiyan The country sits in the western Pacific Ocean , a vast expanse of warm water Steep mountains increase the risk of landslides , and low-lying areas are easily flooded
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A grand jury Tuesday indicted three New York police officers on charges related to the alleged sodomy of a man on a Brooklyn subway platform in October . Michael Mineo says New York Police officers sodomized him inside a Brooklyn subway station . The indictments came after two other officers told the grand jury they saw Officer Richard Kern assault 24-year-old Michael Mineo with a police baton in October , authorities said . "  I think that both officers who stepped forward acted in a responsible , if not a heroic , way , " Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes said Tuesday . "  I think both of them deserve a great deal of praise for doing that . " Kern , 25 , faces charges including aggravated sexual abuse , a felony that could put him in prison for up to 25 years if convicted . Officers Andrew Morales and Alex Cruz , both 26 , face charges including hindering prosecution . Both are accused of trying to cover up the incident by falsifying records . All three pleaded not guilty Tuesday at their arraignment before Brooklyn Supreme Court Judge John Walsh . Authorities say Kern and Morales approached Mineo , a Brooklyn tattoo artist , on October 15 after seeing him walking down a street smoking what they believed to be marijuana . As the uniformed officers approached Mineo , he fled . The officers chased him into a Brooklyn subway station , where they apprehended him on the platform , authorities said . Cruz and a transit policeman , Kevin Maloney , joined the other officers and helped to subdue Mineo , who was then handcuffed with his hands behind his back , according to authorities . Mineo claims Kern used his retractable police baton to sexually assault him on the subway platform . Witnesses said they heard Mineo 's cries . Mineo 's lawyers said he showed officers he was bleeding , but they provided no medical attention and did n't call a supervisor as Mineo requested . Kern gave Mineo a summons for disorderly conduct , and Mineo was released , authorities said . Mineo sought treatment at an area hospital , and hospital staff notified police that they treated a patient who claimed to be a victim of police brutality . Hynes said that based on forensic information gathered by a medical examiner and the police lab , there was enough evidence to move the case to a grand jury . The grand jury started hearing testimony October 28 . Maloney and another officer testified that they had seen Kern assault Mineo with his baton . After Tuesday 's arraignment , Kern was released on $ 15,000 bail ; the other two officers were released on their own recognizance . Cruz 's defense attorney called the case "  paper thin . " Kern 's attorney said Mineo 's accusations were motivated by money , saying Mineo is planning to file a civil suit . Mineo 's attorneys would not explain why their client ran from police . The attorneys said they plan to file a civil suit , but they did not give information on the damages they plan to seek . Mineo said he still suffers the effects of the attack . "  I relive this every day , " Mineo said Tuesday . "  Nobody should have to go through something like this . "	Officer accused of assaulting man with police baton at Brooklyn subway station Two other officers accused of trying to cover up the incident Two officers who are n't charged told grand jury they saw assault District attorney : Testifying officers "  deserve a great deal of praise "
Washington  CNN  The 2016 calculations of three potential candidates -- two Republicans and a very senior Democrat -- plus big tests for President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell filled our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida skipped the big weekend GOP gathering in Iowa , and some believe Jeb Bush 's presumed candidacy makes it hard for Rubio to find his 2016 footing . But Jonathan Martin of The New York Times shared reporting on how Rubio is still very interested in running , and hopeful that perhaps the interest from Mitt Romney offers him a new place in the growing GOP field . "  One of the things that is really keeping him intrigued by this race is the possibility that Mitt Romney will run , " said Martin . "  If you have a Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney scenario , that could open up a door for Rubio because it divides the center right and also it makes Rubio look more conservative , less establishment . " No offense to TV anchors , but what a politician says during a morning show interview may not tell you as much as what he or she says -- or does n't say -- once the camera stops rolling . A case in point just might be Vice President Joe Biden , who told ABC News the other day he is still thinking about another run for president in 2016 , notwithstanding polls showing Hillary Clinton with an overwhelming advantage among Democrats . The Atlantic 's Molly Ball , however , says she went looking for evidence the VP is doing the work necessary to actually run and , well , she 's still looking . "  So I talked to some well-placed Democrats in Iowa who would be hearing from him if he were serious about this , because that 's what he would be doing , " said Ball . "  They have n't got the call saying , ` Hey , do me a favor , keep your powder dry . ' So all the signs out there -- this is the time when he would need to be reaching out to those people that he 's known for a long time , and they 're not hearing from Joe Biden . " The emails started midafternoon and kept coming into the evening . "  Palin ? " was all one said . "  Do your people there think she is serious ? " was part of another . When Donald Trump told Iowa Republicans he is seriously thinking about a 2016 run , serious Republican operatives just laughed . Again . The way they did when Trump said the same early in the 2012 cycle . Or the 2008 cycle . Most also think Palin , like The Donald , just likes the attention and wants to keep her name in the mix but is n't really serious about running . But , unlike their reaction to Trump , many GOP operatives take a minute , or three , to consider the impact Palin could have if she actually did run . Again , that 's highly unlikely -- but it would be wrong to "  misunderestimate " her potential in Iowa . Imagine a field of Palin , Ted Cruz , Mike Huckabee , Rick Santorum , Ben Carson and others competing for tea party and evangelical voters . Iowa does n't pick nominees , but it does winnow the field -- and the competition on the right in the GOP Class of 2016 is already intense . New Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promised he would run things differently -- and it 's true that in the first big debate of his tenure , there has been a more free-flowing debate and more amendments . But McConnell apparently did n't mean limitless free debate , and his moves late last week to shut down debate on some Keystone XL amendments annoyed some Democrats -- including some the GOP leader needs on his side to pass his bill . So Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post took us inside the Senate as we wait to see whether McConnell can get his first legislative priority to the finish line . "  Expect to see Republicans allow for a few more  debates on amendments  , at least this week , partly because the moderate Democrats , that Republicans are going to need to pass this bill , expressed some displeasure about it over the weekend , " said O'Keefe . "  There 's some concern that if they get upset , either they part ways on this bill or they wo n't be there in the future . " One ask in President Obama 's State of the Union address was for Congress to authorize the military campaign under way against ISIS targets in the Middle East . It was a jarring moment if you recall how Barack Obama broke out in 2008 by being the candidate who opposed the Iraq war and wanted to get the U.S. out of Iraq and Afghanistan . Just watching him ask for authorization of military force was a reminder the world has not unfolded as Obama had hoped . Julie Hirschfeld Davis of The New York Times shared reporting about whether the President 's request was an important shift in administration thinking . "  Some people think he goofed a little when he said we need that authority . That 's actually a change in position for him , " said Hirschfeld Davis . "  But now he really wants Congress to give him some legislation that would authorize that fight . Internally in the White House , the discussions are really heating up about what that should look like . They 're anticipating quite a fight on Capitol Hill both with Republicans and Democrats . "	Why Rubio is excited about a potential Romney run 2016 tea leaves : Biden 's not in touch with top Democrats in Iowa The impact of a Palin candidacy on a crowded conservative field
CNN  -- Before she was a platinum-selling artist and Grammy winner , Lorde was a Kings of Leon fan . Audio has emerged of the now-17-year-old star covering the band 's hit "  Use Somebody . " But five years ago , she was little Ella Yelich-O'Connor , an aspiring artist who got the opportunity to sing on her local radio station in Auckland , New Zealand . The cover sounds pretty much like Lorde now , just a younger version who had yet to see her hit song "  Royals " embroiled in controversy about race or banned because of the World Series . Time reports that the audio has been floating around the Web for a while . Radio New Zealand posted it with a note that said "  In August 2009 , long before she became ` Lorde ' , twelve-year-old Aucklander Ella Yelich-O'Connor and her band-mate Louis McDonald joined Jim Mora for a chat and to play a couple of songs live in the Radio NZ studio . The songs are : Mama Do  Pixie Lott Cover  and Use Somebody  Kings Of Leon Cover  . " Next up for Lorde is "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part 1 " soundtrack , which she curated . It 's out November 17 .	12-year-old Lorde sang "  Use Somebody " on local radio station She had a similar sound five years ago Her next project is the new "  Hunger Games " soundtrack
Financial Times  -- Egypt 's efforts to secure a critical $ 4.8 bn loan from the International Monetary Fund have run into fresh difficulty , possibly leading the government to seek emergency financing to avoid economic collapse . The IMF has expressed reservations over a government economic plan needed to seal an agreement that has been in the works , for almost two years , according to people familiar with the negotiations . At a time when Egypt 's foreign reserves have reached $ 13.5 bn -- below the critical level of three months of imports -- Cairo favours a gradual approach to reform even as it is forced to cut its imports of fuel and wheat . Another complicating factor in IMF negotiations is the fact that Mohamed Morsi , the Islamist president , is reluctant to introduce measures such as a sales tax ahead of parliamentary elections . The poll that had been scheduled to start in April but finish in June has now been further delayed . A court ordered the suspension of the election schedule until the electoral law is reviewed by the Supreme Constitutional Court , which could take several weeks . Fearful of provoking social unrest at a time of political instability , the Egyptian programme favours small and hesitant steps towards the implementation of austerity measures aimed at raising additional revenue for the state and reducing energy subsidies that eat up a quarter of the budget . The IMF , however , has informed Cairo that its proposed economic reform programme is not sufficiently robust . Masood Ahmed , director of the Middle East and Central Asia at the IMF , would not comment on the negotiations with Cairo , saying only that "  the IMF view is that the programme has to have the desired impact on confidence ... -LSB- and -RSB- needs to have strong measures to address Egypt 's broader economic problems " . With the prospect of an IMF agreement receding , analysts say a bridge finance package might be put together by the IMF with other donors to tide Cairo over until after the elections.Ashraf al-Araby , the planning minister , played down the idea on Sunday , adding that broad structural measures were needed . Without a reform programme , bridging financing would in any case do little to restore investor confidence . "  Any extra funds will help Egypt buy time , " said Mohamed Abu Basha , Egypt economist at EFG-Hermes , the regional investment bank . "  But the failure to agree an IMF programme will send a negative signal to all those investors waiting for hints of real action on the ground to reform the economy . " The much deferred agreement with the IMF was expected to unlock up to $ 9.5 bn of additional finance from other external sources . The reform programme Egypt proposed to the IMF targets a reduction of the deficit from 10.9 per cent of gross domestic product in the current June fiscal year , to 9.5 per cent in the next year . According to Egyptian officials , the economic programme envisions immediate increases to the sales tax , but only on six items . These are cigarettes , alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages , telecoms , cement and steel . It aims to introduce a fully fledged value added tax by the spring of 2013 . It stipulates raising the price of fuel to industry to international levels over three years . The government has already twice increased the price of diesel and natural gas to some energy-intensive industries , though prices to motorists and domestic consumers remain the same . Hany Kadry Dimian , a senior ministry of finance official , told the Financial Times that with the latest increases , the fuel subsidy bill for the June 2013 fiscal year would be about $ 15bn , but that if no further cuts were introduced , the cost of the subsidy next year would rise to $ 22bn . "  The programme deals with the short-term and immediate challenges and builds the foundations for more medium-term reforms , " said Mr Dimian .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	Egypt 's efforts for a $ 4.8 bn loan from the IMF have run into fresh difficulty The IMF has expressed reservations over Cairo 's economic plan Mohamed Morsi is reluctant for measures ahead of parliamentary elections
CNN  -- DNA may help Seattle-area sheriff 's deputies find a suspect in a 20-year-old killing after a comparison with genealogy records connected a crime-scene sample to a 17th-century Massachusetts family . The DNA sample was taken in the death of 16-year-old Sarah Yarborough , who was killed on her high school campus in Federal Way , Washington , in December 1991 . The King County Sheriff 's Office has circulated two composite sketches of a possible suspect -- a man in his 20s at the time with shoulder-length blonde or light brown hair -- but had been unable to put a name to the sketch . In December , though , the department sent the DNA profile to California-based forensic consultant Colleen Fitzpatrick . Fitzpatrick compared the profile to others in genealogy databases and found the closest match was to the family of Robert Fuller , who settled in Salem , Massachusetts , in 1630 and had relatives who came over before him on the Mayflower . While the descendents of Robert Fuller are likely to number in the thousands after nearly 400 years , geography and physical characteristics can help detectives narrow their search , Fitzpatrick said . In fact , Fitzpatrick said , since the DNA trace follows male descendants , there was "  a high degree of probability " that the man police are looking is named Fuller . "  The most important thing is having a last name , " Fitzpatrick told CNN . "  People get excited about having a Mayflower connection , but the most important thing is having a probable last name for this guy . " King County investigators disclosed the test results Monday . Fitzpatrick said the DNA she used came from one of several major collections of genetic profiles , a practice she said was "  really hot these days for genealogy . " She said the people who donated DNA profiles to the database had either done their genealogy or had their DNA tested to trace their connections . "  It allows you to connect with relatives you ca n't trace through traditional documentation , " she said . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Sara Yarborough was killed in December 1991 A DNA sample matches descendants of a 17th-century Massachusetts family "  The most important thing is having a last name , " the DNA analyst says
CNN  -- Dallas police Saturday said DNA evidence has provided a breakthrough in an investigation of nine sexual assaults in South Dallas this summer . Police asked for the public 's help in locating Van Dralan Dixson , 38 , who is named in an arrest warrant for aggravated sexual assault . His DNA matched evidence gathered in one case , a police statement said . Samples for other cases are awaiting analysis . Dallas police had said officers were "  saturating " the area of the attacks and that a task force had been created to investigate the crimes . Police have said a single suspect was believed responsible for attacks on nine victims from June 22 through September 1 . All of the victims were walking between midnight and 6 a.m. when an armed man forced them to nearby secluded areas . The victims were robbed and sexually assaulted . Victims said the attacker covered his face with a mask or bandanna , CNN affiliate WFAA-TV reported . WFAA said a sexual assault was reported near an abandoned store in the same area early Saturday . Police did not immediately say whether that attack was similar to the previous nine .	At least nine similar assaults have been reported in South Dallas this summer Attacker wore a mask or bandanna Police say DNA match points to suspect Van Dralan Dixson
CNN  -- Hundreds of people filled a college auditorium Wednesday to pay their last respects to an El Reno , Oklahoma , woman slain along with her four children last week . Summer Rust 's children -- clockwise from top , Autumn , Kirsten , Evynn and Teagin -- carve pumpkins . About 300 people attended the service at Redlands Community College for Summer Rust , 25 ; her son , Teagin , 4 ; and daughters Evynn , 3 , and Autumn and Kirsten , both 7 , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Rust 's white coffin was placed in front of the podium , flanked by the smaller caskets carrying her children . Each casket had a picture of the victim , surrounded by flowers . A slide show of the family played on an overhead screen throughout the service . "  I 've preached a lot of funerals , but none like this one , " said the Rev. Gerald Van Horn . "  This has been on my heart ever since I heard about it . I first learned of it from the news , and I said , ` In El Reno ? No way . ' ... We do n't have to deal with tragedy very often , but it has come , and the reality of it has sunk in . Searching my heart on what to say , I have found it difficult . " He told mourners that God is near and feels their pain but acknowledged that Rust and her children "  will be greatly missed . " The bodies were found January 12 in Rust 's apartment in El Reno , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City . According to the document , each of the victims was suffocated and strangled . Crime scene investigators said each body had ligature marks around the neck . Rust 's boyfriend , Joshua Steven Durcho , 25 , admitted choking her to death but said the children were not there at the time , according to an affidavit filed last week . He was arrested in Hamilton County , Texas , officials said . A spokeswoman at the Canadian County , Oklahoma , Sheriff 's Office said Durcho was being held in the county jail after waiving extradition . Durcho 's cousin found Rust 's body and called officers , who found the children 's bodies in the apartment , says an affidavit written by a special agent with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation . An apparent acquaintance of Durcho 's told police he came to her apartment Monday afternoon and told her he had "  choked " Summer Rust to death and he was leaving Oklahoma , according to the affidavit . The affidavit says Durcho told the woman "  that the children were at their grandmother 's residence ... while he and Summer worked out their relationship problems . " Rust 's mother , Susan Rust of Carson City , Nevada , said Durcho was unemployed and had been living with Rust and her children . Authorities in Texas said Durcho was arrested after a state trooper attempted to stop his car because the trooper suspected that the driver was drunk . When the trooper ran the license plate on the car , it matched the tag number of a vehicle sought by Oklahoma police .	NEW : Preacher says he found funeral for mom , four kids "  difficult " 300 mourners attended service at Redlands Community College Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno , Oklahoma Woman 's boyfriend , Joshua Steven Durcho , admitted choking her , affidavit says
It 's a slick production with a nefarious goal : A 55-minute video released by ISIS , praising its victories and warning the United States from getting in the way of its goal to create an Islamic caliphate in parts of Iraq and Syria . It 's propaganda , terrorism experts say . A recruitment video aimed at English speakers . But the U.S. intelligence community is focused on one jihadist who appears briefly at the end of the video . The ISIS fighter , who speaks perfect English with a North American accent , is shown orchestrating the mass execution of a group of men . It is too early to know if this militant hails from North America , or maybe spent some time there , or what his exact story might be . But the intelligence community is already analyzing the video in an attempt to identify the man 's origin , a U.S. official told CNN . It is too early to tell where his dialect is from , the official said . In the video titled "  Flames of War , " the jihadist first appears speaking Arabic in a classical dialect and with the ease of a native Arabic speaker , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . But the ISIS fighter -- who is masked and wearing a camouflage uniform -- seamlessly switches to English . There are a number of men digging a ditch behind him . The jihadist claims they are Syrian soldiers assigned to a 17th Division military base near the Syrian city of Raqqa , and who now , after an ISIS attack , are "  digging their own graves in the very place where they were stationed . " CNN can not independently verify that the men in the video were soldiers , as the propaganda video claims . How the ` Islamic State ' is run , from oil to beheadings The video then shows a group of militants executing the men , who fall into the ditch . The man who committed this atrocity on film could be an Arab who was educated in the West . Or he could be an American or Canadian . If so , Cruickshank said , he would be the first North American jihadist to commit a war crime on camera . "  Clearly ISIS had a calculated step to be able to put this guy on camera , " said Frank Cilluffo , a security analyst at George Washington University . "  Why ? Because he seems American . The message is aimed at a Western audience . " The intent , Cilluffo told CNN , is to project fear to Americans , and to project power . The difference between ISIS and al Qaeda Intelligence officials will sift through every detail of the man 's voice , looking for any clues of a particular dialect that might lead investigators to local communities to seek additional clues , Cilluffo said . The U.S. will also compare the clues of the jihadist 's language to see whether it is consistent with those individuals who are known to have gone to fight for ISIS . The video is undoubtedly propaganda and a recruitment piece for the terrorist group , Cruickshank said . But it is also a warning to the West that if it gets involved in the fight , it will be a tough outing for foreign troops . The video does n't exactly goad the United States and the West into launching attacks against ISIS , but those who appear in the video try to convey a sense of toughness , Cruickshank said . The video glamorizes ISIS , according to SITE Intelligence , which monitors terrorist groups . "  It serves as not only a powerful recruitment piece , but a stern warning to their opposition about ` flames of war ' rising against them by the fighters , " according to a summary by SITE . ISIS , ISIL or the Islamic state ?	ISIS has released a propaganda video aimed at English speakers U.S. intelligence is investigating one jihadist on the video who speaks perfect English The militant has what appears to be a North American accent It is not known whether he is from the West , or spent some time there
CNN  -- It was a homecoming rally to cheer on the Waverly Wolverines football team . They were undefeated this year . Everyone was proud . Then , in the midst of the cheers and a sea of red and white pom poms came a 30-second skit that , for some , turned an afternoon of school pride into one of shame . Three white male students involved in the skit made light of domestic violence , and they did it in racist manner , say some . Two were in blackface as they re-enacted a 2009 domestic abuse incident in which singer Chris Brown assaulted then-girlfriend Rihanna . The student who played Brown was vying for the school 's "  Mr. Waverly " title -- a school tradition in which skits are performed and the one that garners the most applause wins the title . On Monday , Waverly alum Matthew Dishler posted a photograph of the skit on CNN 's iReport . He says someone shared the image on Facebook . The photo went viral . By Tuesday afternoon , the CNN iReport had more than 46,000 views and showed up on Huffington Post , Buzzfeed and Gawker and in local newspapers . Suddenly , Waverly High School became synonymous with racism and sexism . Twitter lit up with comments about the skit . Many were critical , but some defended the skit . "  I do n't think it was offensive at all , " said Chelsea House , who earned her high school diploma from Waverly last year and moved to Alabama but returned for homecoming last week and saw the skit . "  There 's nothing wrong with blackface . There 's nothing wrong with dressing up as a black person . Black is but a color , " House said . Waverly Central School District Superintendent Joseph Yelich said Tuesday that he did not believe the students in the skit intended to offend anyone . Waverly resident Thomas Rumpff , a 2007 graduate of the high school , said he believed most of the kids were unaware of the historical context of blackface , a form of theatrical makeup used by white people in minstrel shows that perpetuated racist stereotypes of African-Americans . Rumpff said the Rihanna incident had also been satirized online and on television before . "  Was this a little bit inappropriate ? Yes , " he said . But said the incident "  has been completely blown out of proportion . " Other incidents of blackface have surfaced this year , including a Colorado Springs second-grader who offended a teacher when he painted his face black to resemble the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The Waverly High skit was approved by school officials before it was performed , Yelich said . He acknowledged the problem and said he was speaking with students , teachers and staff at the school in the coming days . "  My concern is to start making something teachable out of this particular circumstance , " he said . The desire to win likely fuels outrageous behavior , said Fran Bialy , assistant director of A New Hope Center , an agency that aids victims of rape , domestic violence , assault and hate crimes . Other skits at the pep rally involved Tarzan and a dairy farmer milking his cows . Last year , a student played Tiger Woods , also in blackface . "  I have heard about blackface , but ... they 're portraying Hollywood events , " alum Ryan Bronson said . "  It would be the same thing if he bought a mask . " Bottom line , Bronson said : People are being too sensitive . "  They go crazy about every little thing , " he said . "  The school and everybody are going to basically stop letting kids be kids . " Dishler said he posted the image not to cast a harsh light on anyone but to prod the school to do better with issues of diversity . "  I do n't believe the kids really knew what they were doing is as offensive as it is , " Dishler said . "  The administration was watching this go on , and they let it happen . " Alum Vlad Chituc also blamed school officials . He said Waverly , a small town off Interstate 86 just west of Binghamton , New York , could easily be seen as a place that affirmed stereotypes of all sorts . Of Waverly 's 4,444 people , 4,312 were white , according to 2010 census data . Chituc said he was "  extraordinarily offended " by the skit and ashamed that his school seemed to be OK with it . "  On the one hand , I ca n't blame the kids for being ignorant , " Chituc said . "  It 's a small town , and the kids do n't know any better . It 's the responsibility of the administration to let the kids know this is not how you behave in 21st-century America . ... They 've been failing at that spectacularly . "  The administration should be creating an environment where minorities are welcome , not the butts of racist jokes that make light of domestic violence . " Chituc contacted Waverly High School Principal Kim Forero by e-mail . He sent CNN Forero 's response , which read in part : "  Thank you for your concerns . We will continue to address issues of diversity and respect for all . The format of pep rally will need to be reconsidered . I appreciate your concern for your alma mater . " Yelich , for his part , said he could see how the skit could have been misconstrued and that he intends to set clearer expectations for behavior . "  I have some opportunities here to make positive change , " he said . CNN was not able to obtain the names of the students involved in the skit . Whatever their intentions were , one thing was clear : Their portrayals of Chris Brown and Rihanna fell short -- the kid who played the dairy farmer was crowned Mr. Waverly . CNN 's Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	Some students at a New York high school do n't see anything offensive Others are outraged that the school allowed such a skit to take place The superintendent does n't believe the students were intentionally malicious A photo of the skit posted on CNN 's iReport went viral
CNN  -- The coup was televised through one messenger . When the Thailand military announced it had taken over the government , it also meant that all state-run , satellite and cable TV providers had been ordered to carry only one signal -- that of the army 's . Major news channels , including CNN , have been taken off air . Even Cartoon Network and Thai PBS could no longer air their usual programs . Patriotic music showing the military logo dominated broadcast signals . Without radio stations or television channels , those in Thailand who had access to the Internet turned to YouTube , Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google + and various messaging apps . Trending hashtags related to Thursday 's coup included #ThaiCoup and its Thai language version , which translates to "  Coup d'etat 2557 "  2557 is the current Thai year on a Buddhist calendar  , as well as a more offbeat #CoupMovies . One user referred to the dozen successful coups since Thailand became a constitutional monarchy in 1932 . Social media has become increasingly important in government upheavals . Examples include the Arab Spring , the 2009 Iranian election results protests and the #Euromaidan movement in Ukraine that started late last year . When the flow of information is stemmed through more traditional channels , many seek alternatives for updates and information . Where protests and public gatherings were restricted , people connected and gathered virtually . Thailand remains under martial law , which among other things includes restrictions on where protesters can gather , what TV and radio broadcasters can air and what can be posted on social media . Netizens have been warned by the Peace and Order Maintaining Council  POMC  , which has seized power , not to post content that could be considered opposing or critical of the Thai military group . That did n't stop the tweets . "  I 'd be surprised if the army did censor social media , because I think it 's a really bad move , " said Jon Russell , Asia editor at The Next Web . "  Already , they 've been criticized by the international community for what they 've done . Censoring the Internet is an awful means to an end -- they 'd lose a lot more than they 'd gain from doing it . " Russell , who has lived in Thailand for five years , wrote in a post that "  Thailand has not been afraid to censor social media in the past . " Thailand temporarily banned YouTube in 2007 , because of materials deemed offensive to the King , according to news reports . And in 2011 , Thai authorities asked Facebook to remove materials considered insulting to the monarchy , according to several outlets . Facebook is the most dominant social network in Thailand , with 26 % of the population using it , according to the social management system , Hootsuite . Following is Google + and Twitter . Instagram is also surging in popularity in the country . Critics of the coup are not the only ones voicing their political thoughts on social media . On Tuesday , a Facebook page purporting to represent the Peace and Order Maintaining Council was created . Its info page said its purpose is to "  distribute news , information and announcements pertaining to POMC . " In just four days , the page had 200,000 Facebook likes . CNN 's Kocha Olarn , Jethro Mullen and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Thai military takes control and restricts nation 's TV and radio Netizens turn to social media to get updates , voice opinions Military has warned not to be critical on social media posts
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's timing was impeccable : July 1 marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of Japan 's Self-Defense Forces  SDF  , the de-fanged fighting force that has protected the country since its creation from the ashes of post-World War II Japan . Following the announcement , it is also the day that , some would argue , the name ceased to have any meaning . Abe 's government , mindful of looming regional security threats to Japan and its neighbors , has allowed the "  reinterpretation " of the country 's pacifist postwar constitution to reflect what he sees as necessary pivots to meet the 21st century security challenges that the nation faces . Abe 's Cabinet has approved a defense policy that takes a liberal view of the constitution , allowing for Japanese involvement in the defense of its allies . Previously , the SDF could only act if Japan itself was directly threatened . Abe , speaking at a press conference Tuesday . said that the "  basic idea " of the constitution "  remains unchanged , " and that any involvement in military action must be taken in a "  minimal way . " He said that Japan 's security policy has evolved throughout the postwar period , and that the SDF activities in peacekeeping missions are appreciated around the world . With the reinterpretation , "  Japan will contribute even more than in the past . " With regional concerns , such as North Korea 's missile program and China 's increasing belligerence in regional territorial claims occupying the Prime Minister 's mind , he will see a more relaxed interpretation of the document as critical to maintaining Japan 's influence , both within the East Asian sphere but also internationally . "  Our peace is not something given by others , " Abe said . "  We ourselves must establish peace . There is no other way . " The move paves the way for Japan to send SDF troops , ships and aircraft to support U.S. military activities in conflict areas and to join internationally sanctioned security activities , putting Japan in line with many of its key allies , including the U.S. , which has long supported this . The United States "  welcomed " the reinterpretation , State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf said . "  The U.S.-Japan alliance is one of our most important partnerships , security partnerships , and we value efforts by Japan to strengthen that security cooperation , and also value Japan 's efforts to maintain openness and transparency throughout this decision-making process that 's led up to this new policy . " Abe 's proposal will end the ban on "  collective self defense " and make it easier for Japanese troops to be deployed overseas to aid in the protection of allies . Before Abe 's statement , the constitution 's famed Article 9 expressly disallowed military solutions as a defining principle . "  The Japanese people forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as means of settling international disputes , " an excerpt reads . Until today , the interpretation was that Japan can use its military force only to protect itself from external attack . Since its inclusion in the constitution in 1946 , no Japanese military personnel have been engaged in combat overseas , although troops have been sent to countries like Iraq for peacekeeping and reconstruction purposes . And many in Japan are unwilling to see the hallowed article go without a fight . Before the announcement , thousands of protesters thronged the pavement outside the Prime Minister 's office and official residence , demanding that Abe step back from the decision to reinterpret the constitution . Over the weekend one man set himself on fire outside the busy , city center Shinjuku station in apparent protest . Polls are divided over the move , which was hastily -- and some say incompletely -- debated . But one thing is not in doubt ; that there remain swathes of the Japanese public who oppose this move . Yoshihide Suga , Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary , said the coalition is "  confident that a majority of the public support the use of the right of collective defense in limited condition . " "  In reality we need to set up legal framework  to exercise the collective defense  and we need to debate in the Diet . I believe we can earn the understanding of the public . " Japan 's relationship with its neighbors , particularly key trading partners South Korea and China , has never been hugely cordial , but is currently at a particularly low ebb . Abe 's visit to the Yasukuni shirine , which honors Japan 's war dead -- including war criminals -- and the ongoing debate over responsibility for comfort women , means that for the Prime Minister to show his hawkish side may risk even further deterioration of East Asian relations . The Chinese government bristled at the implication that it was China 's expansionism that was motivating Abe 's move to a more reactive stance . "  We are opposed to Japan 's pursuit of its domestic political goal by deliberately making up the so-called ` China threat , ' " Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hong Lai said ahead of Abe 's announcement . He also noted that the government were pursuing the change in interpretation despite widespread public opposition . "  It is the general public of Japan that should have the final say on which way Japan should follow in terms of national development . " China 's state-run People 's Daily also warned of the pitfalls of trashing the pacifist wording of the document , saying that the move essentially amounts to an "  upgrade " of Japan 's SDF to "  a national military ... brutally violating the spirit of Japan 's current  pacifist  constitution . " South Korea warned Japan off operating without the Republic 's consent in matters that directly affect the country 's soverignty , and said that it would "  continue to keep a close eye on relevant developments , " according to a Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson . The MoFA official also used the occasion to emphasize the impact of Japan 's wartime actions and successive governments ' denial of responsibility on regional harmony . "  In terms of defense and security issues , the Japanese government should renounce historical revisionism and take right actions in order to dispel doubts and concerns stemming from historical issues and to win the trust from its neighboring countries . "	Japan 's Prime Minister confirms a more liberal interpretation of the country 's constitution Re-reading of postwar document will free up Japanese military to assist in conflicts overseas Opposition to the move runs high , although opinion is divided No Japanese military personnel have participated in armed conflicts since World War II
NEW YORK  CNNMoney.com  -- JPMorgan Chase & Co. said Sunday that it is buying troubled Wall Street firm Bear Stearns , amid deepening fears that Bear 's demise could have sent shockwaves across already shaky financial markets . The deal to buy Bear Stearns is worth an estimated $ 236 million . The deal values Bear Stearns at $ 236 million , or just $ 2 a share . Shares had closed at $ 30 on Friday , down 47 percent that day . "  Effective immediately , JPMorgan Chase is guaranteeing the trading obligations of Bear Stearns and its subsidiaries and is providing management oversight for its operations , " said a statement released Sunday by JPMorgan . Shareholders must approve the deal , which is expected to close by the end of June . JPMorgan is taking immediate responsibility for Bear 's trading obligations and assuming "  management oversight " of the firm 's operations . The deal has already been approved by the Federal Reserve and other regulators , according to the statement . The Fed is providing special emergency financing for up to $ 30 billion in Bear Stearns assets . "  JPMorgan stands behind Bear Stearns , " said Jamie Dimon , chairman and chief executive of JPMorgan . "  Bear Stearns clients and counterparties should feel secure that JPMorgan is guaranteeing ... risk , " he continued . The fast-track deal is expected to close by the end of June , the statement said . Bear Stearns was on the brink of financial collapse Friday when JPMorgan and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said they would provide the brokerage a short-term loan . Bear was dealing with a classic "  run on the bank . " The firm 's short-term creditors refused to lend the firm any more money and simultaneously demanded repayment of outstanding debt . The one-two punch overwhelmed Bear 's cash position . With the global credit crisis worsening , the Fed -- along with officials from the Treasury Department and other government agencies -- took the dramatic action to prevent the investment bank from going under and igniting widespread panic through the financial markets . Watch a discussion on the impact on global markets " Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said on Sunday that talks about how to rescue Bear had continued throughout the weekend . He defended the Fed 's bailout on Friday as "  the right decision " and said the Bush administration was ready to take other actions to bring stability to the financial markets . He would not say what might have happened had the government failed to step in . "  I 'm not going to speculate about what-ifs , " he said . "  I 'm just going to say our clear priority right now -- our number one priority , everything we 're doing in the economic arena -- is to minimize instability , minimize spillover into the real economy . " Bear Stearns has approximately 14,000 employees worldwide . The deal marks an inglorious chapter for 85-year-old Bear Stearns , a storied Wall Street firm the unraveling of which has been fast and furious . Rumors that Bear Stearns was on the verge of collapse started buzzing around Wall Street trading desks last Monday . Chief Executive Alan Schwartz -- who took over as CEO in early January from longtime chief Jimmy Cayne -- appeared on television on Wednesday afternoon to reassure the markets that the firm was stable . But by Thursday night , Bear was in a severe crunch . Some firms that trade with it effectively stopped offering it credit because they feared that Bear was running short of short-term funding , or liquidity . "  The past week has been an incredibly difficult time for Bear Stearns , " said Alan Schwartz , president and CEO of Bear Stearns . "  This transaction represents the best outcome for all of our constituencies based upon the current circumstances . " White House spokesman Tony Fratto told CNN on Sunday that Paulson has briefed U.S. President George W. Bush on the Federal Reserve 's role in helping to facilitate the purchase . "  We appreciate the actions taken by the Federal Reserve this evening , " said Fratto . "  Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke are actively engaged in addressing issues affecting our financial markets . Secretary Paulson has kept the President briefed on recent developments . " Shares of Bear Stearns opened last week at $ 69.75 and traded as high as $ 159 last year . E-mail to a friend	Acquisition values Bear Stearns shares at $ 2 ; shares closed Friday at $ 30 U.S. Fed providing financing for up to $ 30 billion in Bear Stearns assets Bear Stearns was facing "  run on the bank " on Friday Deal , if approved by shareholders , will close in June
CNN  -- Shots were fired Sunday near a motorcade carrying the presidents of Georgia and Poland , but the motorcade was not hit and there were no injuries , according to the Interior Ministry of Georgia . Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , shown in France on November 13 , called the incident a provocation . The ministry said the motorcade , which carried Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski , was passing a checkpoint near Georgia 's South Ossetia region when the shots were fired . No other shooting was reported in the area . South Ossetia was the site of intense conflict between Russian and Georgian troops in August . The shots were fired from Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade passed , the ministry said . Saakashvili later told reporters the incident "  clearly was intended as a provocation . " He said that he would not have taken his Polish counterpart into danger intentionally and that the incident showed "  you are dealing with unpredictable people " in the disputed area . Meanwhile , the Russian news agency Interfax said the command of the Russian peacekeeping force in South Ossetia denied blame for the gunfire . "  Allegations that Russian military personnel were involved in the fire against the motorcade are not true . An attack on the motorcade from our military personnel is out of the question , " a peacekeeping force spokesman said , according to Interfax . The news agency also quoted a senior South Ossetian official as saying that South Ossetia "  has nothing to do " with the incident . "  The Georgian side is once again disseminating misinformation , " South Ossetian Deputy Defense Minister Ibragim Gasseyev told Interfax . Tensions have remained high in the area since fighting between Russian and Georgian troops broke out in August . Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia , a Russian-backed separatist territory , on August 7 . The following day , Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory , Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities across the administrative borders with those regions . The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have accused each other of a variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting , including ethnic cleansing .	NEW : Russian peacekeepers , South Ossetia deny involvement in shooting Leaders ' motorcade was not hit , and there were no injuries , Interior officials say Ministry : Motorcade was passing a checkpoint near Georgia 's South Ossetia The shots were fired from Russian-controlled territory , ministry officials say
CNN  -- The future of earthquake-ravaged nuclear power plant Fukushima Daiichi is still anyone 's guess , but it 's already triggered fears of subsequent nuclear disasters elsewhere . As efforts continue to get radiation levels under control in the damaged facilities in Japan , several countries have expressed doubts about their own nuclear programs . And seven in 10 Americans say they 're more concerned about a nuclear disaster happening in the United States than they were before , according to a recent USA Today/Gallup poll . Are these fears justified ? What are the real risks of nuclear power , both globally and in the United States ? And what do we do with all of that nuclear waste ? Experts say that while nuclear power has generally proven relatively safe , it is important to question whether nuclear plants everywhere could cope with a two-fold natural disaster combination like the earthquake and tsunami that rocked Japan on March 11 . A review of plants in that regard would be worthwhile , said Burton Richter , recipient of the 1976 Nobel Prize in Physics and professor at Stanford University . As Japan moves toward stabilization of the Fukushima Daiichi plant , here are some larger issues to think about in terms of the future of nuclear energy : Balancing risks and benefits It makes sense that the public is frightened as workers continue to tame the situation at Fukushima Daiichi ; people want to know that nuclear power is safe , Richter said . But so far , although the Fukushima Daiichi site is not in the clear in terms of radiation inside the plant , the radiation levels outside the gate are still not high enough to do any harm to human health . President Barack Obama and numerous health officials have assured U.S. residents that while radioactive particles from Japan may be detected in the U.S. , there will be no health consequences from it , as the particles will disperse over the more-than-5 ,000 miles separating the site from the U.S. West Coast . Point of comparison : Chernobyl , a far larger nuclear disaster that happened in 1986 , is closer to New York than Fukushima Daiichi is to Los Angeles , and no health effects were felt in the United States from Chernobyl , either . In the broader picture of nuclear power , if you look at all of the risks to human health involved in energy production from all parts of the process -- the mining , transport , refining , shipping and disposal of waste -- nuclear energy is the second most safe , with wind as the only source that 's more benign , Richter said . When it comes to greenhouse gas emissions , nuclear power also looks pretty good . Many studies have found that nuclear power 's life-cycle carbon dioxide emissions are comparable to wind , hydropower and other renewable energy sources , and far lower than coal and natural gas plants . Depending on the technology , nuclear and hydropower have 50 to 100 times lower greenhouse gas releases than coal , according to the International Atomic Energy Association . But these analyses do n't take into account the emissions from the mining and transport of nuclear fuel , said Mark Jacobson of the department of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford University . Investment in nuclear power could increase the proliferation of nuclear weapons , Jacobson said . Also , in his view , the risk of a serious malfunction such as at Chernobyl , Three Mile Island and Fukushima Daiichi is not trivial . Ideally , there should be an electricity system drawing from a spectrum of energy sources , with nuclear as one of them , Richter said . All in all , there are costs and benefits that come with all modes of electricity generation . "  The public should be thinking about : Which devil do you want to live with ? " Richter said . The international retreat from nuclear power We 've recently heard from the leaders of several countries rethinking their nuclear programs . While reviewing safety is crucial , some of the response may be an overreaction , and in certain nations an actual pullback from nuclear energy may be impractical , experts say . On Monday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced a three-month moratorium on the extension of the operation periods for German nuclear plants . Tuesday , she ordered that seven of the oldest reactors in the country be shut down so that their safety can be assessed . Switzerland also announced the suspension of development of new nuclear power plants . Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN 's Piers Morgan that he does n't think Israel will pursue civilian nuclear energy in the coming years . "  The uncertainty of what will happen is the cloud that hangs over the people of Japan , and I think right now , hangs over the world . It certainly caused me to reconsider the projects of building civil nuclear power plants , " Netanyahu said Wednesday . This pullback from the international community is expected but , in the view of Gary Was , nuclear engineering expert at the University of Michigan , it 's a knee-jerk reaction . Some progress may slow in the nuclear power arena as a result of the Japan disaster , but certain countries , including Japan , rely heavily on it , and ca n't afford to drop it entirely , experts say . "  In a year or two , the public opinion will still be negative , but there are some energy realities that may dictate the future , " said Najmedin Meshkati , nuclear safety expert at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . Before the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi , Japan had 54 operational reactors providing about 27 % of the country 's power , according to the U.S. Energy Information Association . The relatively low cost of nuclear fuel and reduced greenhouse gas emissions compared to fossil fuels has made nuclear power popular in Japan , Meshkati said . By comparison , about 20 % of U.S. electricity comes from nuclear power , according to the U.S. Energy Information Association . The decision of sources of power is a country-specific one , but power has to come from somewhere , and dropping nuclear power may force a country to buy additional electricity from another country , said Peter Hosemann , assistant professor of nuclear engineering at the University of California , Berkeley . In Hosemann 's view , China and India will continue building more and more nuclear facilities because they do not have enough natural resources to generate the power they need otherwise . "  With China , you ca n't feed 1.2 billion people with windmills or oil or something , not in that country , if you want to have the same living standards as we do here , " he said . The silver lining of the Fukushima Daiichi disaster is that the Japanese population may demand more scrutiny of the nuclear power industry there , Meshkati said . They may ask for more openness and transparency about where to place nuclear power plants and how to oversee their safety , he said . "  The negative public opinion has some merit , " Meshkati said . "  People should question the safety of these plants . " Where the fuel goes Can U.S. nuclear power plants survive earthquakes ? The answer is yes -- each one of them is designed to withstand an earthquake , without releasing any radioactive materials at all , up to the maximum projected seismic event at that plant , according to the Nuclear Energy Institute , an industry group in Washington . But in Meshkati 's view , the spent fuel pools at the 65 running nuclear power plant sites in the United States are "  sitting ducks in terms of safety and security hazards . " These are pools of water at least 20-feet deep where used nuclear fool is kept to cool . At Fukushima Daiichi , these have been big problems because the electricity needed to keep them cool was lost , allowing radiation levels to rise , after the earthquake and tsunami . This used fuel could be extremely dangerous in the event of a natural disaster , as evidenced by what happened at Fukushima Daiichi , and could also be targets for terrorist attacks , Meshkati said . The danger is that the pools could catch fire , resulting in large releases of radiation . Even if the U.S. decided to close all of its nuclear reactors tomorrow , there would still be the problem what to do with the spent fuel pools , he said . Used fuel that has been cooled in a spent fuel pool for at least five years can be put into a container called a cask and surrounded with inert gas , providing leak-tight containment , according to the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission . There have been no releases of radiation harmful to the public from this cask storage , or contamination , the NRC says . One proposed solution for long-term storage of used fuel is Yucca Mountain in Nevada . President George W. Bush approved Yucca Mountain as the site to store the U.S. 's spent fuel and high-level radioactive waste , but President Barack Obama cancelled work on the project in 2009 . Various scientists , politicians and others like the Chicago Tribune are calling for a revival of this project , in which more than $ 9 billion has already been invested . Whether it 's at Yucca or somewhere else , having a central repository of nuclear waste would be a better solution than keeping it at the individual nuclear plant sites , Was said . But that does n't address the problem of the need to cool the used fuel for five years before moving it anywhere else . Perhaps a more important question is : Could fuel be cooled in a way that does n't require the pool design ? Jacobson , for his part , is n't sure whether it 's better to have all that waste centralized or decentralized ; it 's just a massive problem for future generations , he said . "  I think it just illustrates this massive hole we 've gotten ourselves into by developing so much nuclear power at the expense of renewable energy , " Jacobson said . The bottom line Transparency and a culture of safety are crucial for the nuclear industry , and there should be more international cooperation to promote these endeavors , Meshkati said . Because radiation travels beyond national borders , it 's crucial to have a strong international collaboration . "  A nuclear accident anywhere is a nuclear accident everywhere because of the traveling fallout , " he said .	Nuclear and hydropower have lower greenhouse gas releases than coal Fukushima Daiichi is further from Los Angeles than Chernobyl is from New York Countries have expressed skepticism about nuclear power Yucca Mountain in Nevada is a proposed site to store used nuclear fuel in U.S.
CNN  -- Although there were no signs of missing aviation adventurer Steve Fossett Tuesday evening , an official leading the rescue said she remained optimistic . Aviation record-holder Steve Fossett is missing and a search is under way . Maj. Cynthia S. Ryan of the Civil Air Patrol said Fossett , who has been missing for a day , once walked 30 miles to get help after making a forced landing . But Ryan noted the challenge rescuers are facing as they comb the high desert region , which is covered with sagebrush and hides deep ravines . Rescuers are focusing on 600 square miles . "  It 's a very large haystack , " she said . "  And an airplane is a very small needle . No doubt about that . " The Civil Air Patrol has 10 aircraft that will be searching until dusk for Fossett , who has been missing since Monday afternoon , she said . The search will resume Wednesday at 7 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  . Fossett , 63 , was in a single-engine plane when he took off at 9 a.m.  noon ET  in good flying conditions from hotel magnate Barron Hilton 's Flying M Ranch , Ryan said . He had planned to return to the ranch , which is about 30 miles south of Yerington , Nevada , at noon  3 p.m. ET  . The search for him began about six hours later , Ryan said . Fossett did not file a flight plan , which is not required on flights using visual navigation . Fossett is the first person to solo around the world in a balloon , and has broken numerous other flight records . When he left , he had four to five hours of fuel for flight , said Ryan . "  Steve took off toward the south and was going to fly southbound , looking around for some dry lake beds for some plans he had for the future , " Ryan said . Those plans , she said , involved testing a vehicle in an attempt to set a world land speed record . Ryan said authorities are analyzing information from radar intelligence to try to track Fossett . Helicopters and planes from Naval Air Station Fallon , in Fallon , Nevada , the Nevada Air National Guard and the California Highway Patrol are helping in the search . Watch CNN 's Miles O'Brien , who is a pilot , describe the search " Fossett was flying in a single-engine , Citabria Super Decathlon -- a plane capable of aerobatics -- with tail number N240R , according to CAP . Fossett , though , had no parachute , which is required for aerobatics . See where Fossett took off " There has been no sound detected from the plane 's emergency locator radio beacon , which goes off if there is a hard impact . The aircraft , with serial number 635-80 , was manufactured by Bellanca , and is registered to the Flying M Hunting Club Inc. in Yerington . "  Steve is a tough old boot . I suspect he is waiting by his plane right now for someone to pick him up , " predicted Sir Richard Branson , president of Virgin Atlantic , in a written statement . "  The ranch he took off from covers a huge area , and Steve has had far tougher challenges to overcome in the past . Based on his track record , I feel confident we 'll get some good news soon . " Virgin Atlantic sponsored the GlobalFlyer , which Fossett flew in 2005 during the first nonstop , solo flight around the world without refueling . A year later , he used GlobalFlyer again to break the world 's flight distance record , traveling more than 26,000 miles in 76 hours , 45 minutes from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , to Bournemouth , on the coast of southern England . He made an emergency landing during that flight after electricity on the aircraft failed over Shannon , Ireland . His goal had been to land at Kent International Airport in Manston , England . In 2006 , Fossett piloted the plane to its new home , the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum 's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly , Virginia . In 2002 , he achieved the first solo balloon flight around the world , traveling 20,626 miles in 14 days . He 's credited with 115 world records or world firsts , and holds official world records in five sports , according to his Web site . CNN.com interviewed Fossett last year after he published a book about his life 's passion for breaking world records , titled "  Chasing the Wind . " Asked which of his record-breaking feats was his personal favorite , he said , "  The first solo around-the-world balloon flight . We had to really upgrade the technical capability of balloons and the flight was much more difficult than I 'd ever imagined it would be . I tried six times over the course of six years before succeeding . " "  I think I 'm a risk averse person , which might sound very strange because of the sports I 'm involved in , " Fossett said , in response to a question about whether anything scares him . "  What I do is try and reduce the risk . I do n't do any of this for the thrills . I 'm doing them for the personal achievement . " Asked how long he 'll keep going , Fossett answered , "  I imagine that when I 'm 80 years old and sitting in a wheelchair that I might do something like take a remote control airplane and try and fly it around the world . I plan to be setting and breaking records indefinitely . " The aviator was in Sparks , Nevada , northeast of Reno , in August , preparing a jet racer to break the land speed record at Bonneville Flats in northwest Utah . Fossett was born in Jackson , Tennessee , but grew up in California , where he attended Stanford University , graduating with a degree in economics in 1966 . Two years later , he earned an MBA at Washington University in St. Louis and became a successful commodities broker , eventually launching the Chicago-based securities company Lakota Trading in 1980 . He married Peggy Viehland in 1968 . The couple have no children . His interest in adventure started early . As a Boy Scout , he grew up climbing the mountains of California . "  When I was 12 years old I climbed my first mountain , and I just kept going , taking on more diverse and grander projects , " he told CNN in the 2006 interview . Fossett fueled his drive for adventure with the money he made from Lakota Trading . E-mail to a friend	Fossett was scouting locales for land speed record attempt , official says Aircraft combing rugged terrain in western Nevada for Fossett and his plane Fossett made first solo , nonstop , non-refueled airplane trip around the world The 63-year-old also made first solo balloon flight around the world
CNN  -- At one point in Jared Hutchins ' young life , the Beatles were a big problem . The rallies , which draw mostly teens , are one part concert , one part Christian revival . "  I had to stop listening to them for a while , " said Hutchins , who lives in Cumming , Georgia , and plays the piano , guitar and harmonica . He said the group 's world view "  had a negative effect on me , " and made him irritable and angry . "  God owns my life , not the Beatles , " he said simply . Although Hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from Pink Floyd and Arcade Fire to Christian bands such as Hillsong United -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the Beatles . Hutchins , a 16-year-old graced with poise and thoughtfulness , is one of many teenagers who say that some part of popular culture , with its ubiquitous references to sex , drugs and violence , has harmed him . Last year , Hutchins and his Christian youth group attended an Acquire the Fire rally in Atlanta , Georgia , he said . Acquire the Fire -- regional rallies held across the country -- and BattleCry -- the larger rallies held this year in only three cities -- are the products of the evangelical Christian organization Teen Mania . Go behind-the-scenes with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour at a BattleCry event " One part concert , one part Christian revival , the rallies seek to "  stage a reverse revolution " against secular popular culture . They have the pull of headlining rock concerts , drawing thousands of people regardless of the region of the country , the month of year or the day of the week . The audiences are nearly always predominantly teenagers and young adults . From 2006 to 2007 , a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 Acquire the Fire rallies , and 71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in San Francisco , California ; Detroit , Michigan ; and Bristow , Virginia , according to Teen Mania . Watch flags , fireworks and teens at rally For Hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with God about four years ago , the organization 's message is exactly right . "  We do n't have to be branded by the culture , we are branded by God , " he said . "  Be who God created you to be . " But the glossy , glamorous appeal of popular culture too often obscures that path to God , Teen Mania followers say . And so , Ron Luce , the 46-year-old founder of the organization , has waged a modern-day crusade against "  purveyors of popular culture , " whom he has condemned as "  the enemy . " More than two decades old , Teen Mania estimates it has reached more than 2 million teens with its message "  of living completely for Christ . " The organization is sprawling . In addition to its live stadium rallies , there are BattleCry shirts and hats , mobile screen savers , books and a television program . There are international mission trips -- Hutchins attended one in Tijuana , Mexico , this summer . There is even a Teen Mania internship , a one-year program called the Honor Academy , based in Lindale , Texas . In the live events , Luce couples the earnest appeal of a young father with a preacher 's ability to mobilize a crowd . He weaves disturbing statistics about teenagers amid his gospel . Today 's teenagers are in crisis , he says . "  We 're fighting for those who do n't know they have a voice , that are being manipulated by our pop culture indulging in things that , really , they 're not mature enough to be thinking about yet , " Luce told CNN . "  Kids are hurting , " he said . And of those who he feels inflict these moral wounds , Luce said , "  We call them terrorists , virtue terrorists , that are destroying our kids . " "  They 're raping virgin teenage America on the sidewalk , and everybody 's walking by and acting like everything 's OK . And it 's just not OK . " To some , Luce 's rhetoric is off-putting , hateful and divisive . Opponents point to his views on homosexuality -- not "  in God 's plan " -- and abortion -- the "  ending of a precious life " -- and say Luce is imposing conservative values on vulnerable teenagers . Explore Americans ' views on religion It is this criticism that Luce and his followers confronted head-on in March at BattleCry San Francisco . There , in arguably the most liberal city in the United States , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against BattleCry on the steps of City Hall as the Christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own . "  Ron Luce is a liar ! " one protester shouted . "  Let me hear you say Christian fascist , " another yelled . Luce and the youths , some as young as 11 , also raised their voices . "  God , I ask that as we do this BattleCry , Lord , that you would reveal yourself to the teenagers , God , here , God , " Mindy Peterson , shouted . Peterson is a member of Teen Mania 's Honor Academy . Afterward , Peterson railed against what she said was the protesters ' mischaracterization of BattleCry . "  These people think that our war is against other people . They think that our war is against man . And our war is n't . Our war 's against ... the pain in teenagers ' hearts , like depression , alcoholism . Those things that -- that are , like , tearing our teenagers apart , " she said . While much milder in his terms , Hutchins agrees . "  We 're a generation that is kind of troubled , " he said . Luce wants to "  rescue the hearts of our generation , " he added . And of the critics ' contention that the rallies , the organization , the message is neo-conservatism wrapped in Biblical verse ? Hutchins smiles , nods patiently . "  I do n't go because I have a political agenda , " he said , adding that his friends do n't , either . "  Mostly , what we 're concerned with is Jesus . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Julie O'Neill and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Thousands of teens attend Christian rallies each year Many of the rallies attempt to offer an alternative to secular popular culture Opponents say these impose conservative values on vulnerable teenagers
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria postponed its parliamentary election Saturday due to a "  terrible unfortunate emergency " caused by the late arrival of voting materials , the head of the election commission said . Nigerians will instead go to the polls Monday , said Attahiru Jega , chairman of the Independent National Election Commission . "  We can not proceed with these elections if we want them to be free , fair and credible if there are no result sheets , " Jega said . "  We can not bury our heads and say there are no problems . It is regrettable . It is unfortunate . It should not have happened . " Jega said he takes full responsibility for the fiasco but he said a vendor that was supplying results sheets and ballots was unable to deliver them on time . The vendor , said Jega , cited the diversion of planes to carry relief supplies to earthquake-stricken Japan as the reason for the delay . Citizens of Africa 's most populous nation were supposed to vote Saturday for 360 House of Representatives seats and 109 Senate seats . They are scheduled to vote next Saturday in a presidential election and for state governors the following week . Before the logistical problems , the election , the most expensive in Nigeria 's history , had already been marred by riots , bombings and assassinations . "  The unprecedented levels of violence that have seen several people either killed , maimed , kidnapped or intimidated for political reasons pose the single most significant threat to the conduct of general elections , " warned the Nigeria Elections Situation Room -- a forum of groups focusing on the upcoming elections . Human Rights Watch estimates at least 70 people have been killed in political violence in the run-up to the voting . The European Union described Nigeria 's 2007 elections as the worst they had ever seen anywhere in the world , with rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . Nigeria had hoped to gain a cleaner image this year . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	The election commission chairman apologizes for the delay He says voting materials were late arriving from a vendor Nigerians will vote on Monday instead
CNN  -- His glittering cricket career may have ended in an anticlimax on Monday , but Ricky Ponting will be remembered as one of the game 's greats , according to one of his first opponents on the international stage . Ponting made just eight runs as Australia suffered a crushing defeat by South Africa in the third and final Test in Perth at the venue where he made his debut in the five-day format 17 years ago . Set an unlikely 632 to win , the home side lost by 309 runs as the tourists retained the world No. 1 ranking and became the first team to win consecutive series in Australia since the West Indies in 1992-93 . It is a measure of how far Australia 's cricketing fortunes have fallen since Ponting was named cricketer of the decade for 2000-09 by the respected Cricinfo website , having guided his country to a record 48 Test victories before standing down from the captaincy in 2011 . He has played in a record 108 Test wins overall from 168 appearances -- equaling Australia 's highest number of caps along with Steve Waugh -- and is the second-highest run scorer in both the five-day and limited-overs formats . David Richardson , now the chief executive of the International Cricket Council , played against Ponting when the batsman made his international debut in a one-day match against South Africa in February 1995 . "  His contribution to the international game has been immense and quite rightly he will be remembered as one of the true legends of the sport , " Richardson said of Ponting , who ranks behind only Don Bradman in Australia 's list of batting greats and is the only player to have won the ICC 's cricketer of the year award twice in a row . "  He was the most successful captain in the history of Test cricket and was the first player to feature in 108 Test match victories . He also steered Australia to two ICC Cricket World Cup triumphs -- as well as playing in a third -- during which time they set a record of 34 consecutive victories : yet another record . "  Ricky was a team man but along the way collected many personal accolades . We wish him well in the next stage of his career and look forward to his ongoing involvement in the game beyond the boundary . " Ponting took over from Waugh as Australia 's Test captain in 2004 , two years after he claimed the role in the one-day team . However , Australia 's dominance gradually waned and the writing was on the wall for Ponting when he lost an Ashes series to old rivals England for the third time in 2010-11 on home soil . He stayed on as captain for the 2011 World Cup but stood down after a quarterfinal exit , vowing to improve his batting form . Ponting scored 13,378 Test runs at an average of 51.85 , compiling 41 centuries , but he made just 32 at 6.40 in his final series as he struggled to regain his past heights . "  I have put a lot of pressure on myself to perform , it has always been about big games and big series for me , " he told reporters on Monday . "  I have n't been able to deal with it as well of late as I would like to . Normally when those big moments come around I have been able to find something , and I have n't been able to do that for a while now . " Ponting was given a standing ovation by the 7,000 crowd at the WACA ground , and the South Africans performed a guard of honor as he went to the crease for his final innings . "  He is the player I respect most , " said Proteas captain Graeme Smith . "  It was a sign of respect from us for someone who has given the game so much . All of us will miss Ricky as an opponent . " Australia will next start a three-Test series against Sri Lanka in Ponting 's home state of Tasmania on December 14 -- five days before his 38th birthday .	Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting suffers big defeat in his final Test appearance The 37-year-old scores just eight runs as home side lose series to South Africa He is the most successful skipper in Test history and cricket 's second-highest run scorer ICC chief says Ponting will be remembered as one of the legends of the game
CNN  The Arizona police officer who slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man , so he chose the other option , CNN affiliate KVOA reported Wednesday . Officer Michael Rapiejko ran his car into Mario Valencia in February as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air . Rapiejko sped around another officer as Valencia walked through a business park , hit the man from behind with the left side of his front bumper . Valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day . His lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable . The Marana Police Department has defended Rapiejko , saying deadly force was warranted because the suspect had a rifle , ammunition and was walking toward offices where hundreds of people work . Marana is just northwest of Tucson . Officer who drove into suspect justified , chief says KVOA obtained police inquiry tapes on which Rapiejko tells investigators why he chose his car as a weapon . The officer , who has been a cop for more than a decade but joined the Marana Police Department in 2014 , said he was 50 yards away from the suspect and worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders . "  There were occupied businesses , and there were two officers at the other side of the street , " he says on the recording . "  This is what I deem as a lethal force encounter . I have two thoughts that go in my mind : I need to shoot him to stop the threat , or I need to run him over to stop the threat . " Another officer , who was slowing trailing Valencia and ahead of Rapiejko , says on another recording that if a civilian had stumbled upon Valencia , the suspect might have taken a hostage or killed the person . Video of the car striking Valencia sparking nationwide debate on what type of force police should use to go after armed suspects . Many people commended the officer . Some people said the police should have set up a perimeter around the man and talked him into surrendering . Valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . Valencia 's attorney , Michelle Cohen-Metzger , told CNN last week that "  it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . " Valencia , who is in Pima County Jail , is scheduled to appear in court again on May 18 . Authorities chose not to charge Rapiejko . Officer who drove into suspect subject of excessive force lawsuit in New York CNN 's Shane Deitert and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Officer Michael Rapiejko said he needed to use lethal force to stop the suspect Mario Valencia was carrying a rifle and fired one round into the air Rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot Valencia
CNN  -- PetSmart is recalling seven of its Grreat Choice dog biscuit products because they contain peanut products made by a company that has been linked to a salmonella outbreak in 43 states and Canada , the Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . Peanut butter and peanut paste processed in a Georgia plant have been linked to an outbreak of salmonella . Dr. Stephen Sundlof , a veterinarian who is the director of the FDA 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition , said that the risk to animals is minimal but that people who handle contaminated treats could come in contact with the salmonella bacteria . "  It 's especially important that children wash their hands after feeding treats to pets " because the bacteria could be on the surface , Sundlof said . Sundlof said dogs are n't immune to salmonella and in some cases could get sick . They may be lethargic or get bloody diarrhea . On the other hand , they may never show symptoms at all but could still carry the bacteria . The outbreak of salmonella typhimurium has sickened at least 486 people , killing six , and has been linked to products manufactured by the Peanut Corp. of America in its Blakely , Georgia , plant . Watch the latest on the salmonella outbreak " PetSmart said it "  is not aware of any reported cases of illness related to these products " but has removed the products from the shelves as a precautionary measure . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials say that of the nearly 500 people sickened , 107 have been hospitalized . The most recent death was recorded Saturday . The first illnesses were reported September 8 , and the most recent illness was reported January 8 . The CDC still considers it an ongoing outbreak . The CDC does not consider salmonella typhimurium any more virulent than any other strain . The strain "  is not more or less than we would expect in a normal outbreak , " said Dr. Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC Division of Foodborne , Bacterial and Mycotic Diseases . The FDA had reported that some of the samples from the Georgia plant tested positive for salmonella . On Wednesday , it said one sample was found in a crack of a floorboard near a bathroom and another was found on the floor near pallets in another room . Neither sample tested positive for the specific strain found in the sickened people , however . Sundlof said the lack of a match makes no difference from a regulatory point of view . "  Those salmonella are not supposed to be there . Having salmonella in the plant is not supposed to happen , regardless if it 's the same strain or not , " he said . Peanut butter produced by Peanut Corp. in Georgia is not sold in individual jars in grocery stores , health officials say . However , it is sold to institutions such as nursing homes , schools and cafeterias . Peanut Corp. also produces peanut paste , which is commonly used in cookies , crackers , cake , ice cream and other products , including the Grreat Choice dog biscuits . Peanut Corp. released a statement Wednesday stating that the company is cooperating with federal and state officials and that it "  will address the agency 's findings when they are shared with us . " "  To date , we have nothing in writing from the agency that documents its findings that result from its ongoing investigation and testing onsite at our facility . We trust that at some point they will share this with us , and PCA will respond accordingly . " Minnesota health officials were the first to link the specific strain of salmonella that made three people ill in one nursing home to an open 5-pound container of peanut butter . Then Connecticut health officials found the same strain in an unopened tub of Peanut Corp.-produced peanut butter . After interviewing 57 sick people and 399 healthy people , CDC officials found "  an association of illness and prepackaged peanut butter crackers in general . " These people had consumed specific brands of products , particularly the Austin and Keebler brands , which are manufactured by the Kellogg Co. and have been recalled . CDC officials recommend that consumers who are uncertain about a product throw out all recalled products . They also suggest avoiding any other products they think could contain ingredients manufactured by Peanut Corp. until they are certain they are n't being recalled . About 125 products have been recalled . The FDA maintains a regularly updated list at its Web site . The Consumers Union , publisher of Consumer Reports , issued a news release calling for "  President Obama to appoint a new FDA commissioner as soon as possible to address peanut butter contamination and a growing list of other food safety problems . "	PetSmart is recalling seven of its Grreat Choice Dog Biscuit products Risk to animals is minimal , but it could affect people who handle treats Outbreak of salmonella has sickened at least 486 people and killed six
Hundreds of children across the United States have been hospitalized with a serious respiratory illness . Scientists say they believe the bug to blame is Enterovirus D68 , also known as EV-D68 . List of states with the Enterovirus Enteroviruses are common , especially in September , but this particular type is not . There have been fewer than 100 cases recorded since it was identified in the 1960s , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Here 's what you need to know as a parent : What are the symptoms ? The virus usually starts like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . This is all that happens for most people who catch an enterovirus . But some patients will get a severe cough , have difficulty breathing and/or develop a rash . EV-D68 is sometimes also accompanied by a fever or wheezing . So when should you begin worrying ? Unfortunately in the beginning it 's difficult -- if not impossible -- to tell the difference between a regular cold and this type of virus . But there are symptoms you should be on the lookout for if your child becomes sick . Go to the doctor if he or she develops a fever or a rash , or if your child has difficulty breathing . Children with asthma or a history of breathing problems are particularly susceptible for severe symptoms . How is EV-D68 treated ? There is no specific treatment for enteroviruses , according to the CDC . Plenty of rest , fluids and over-the-counter medications will help ease symptoms in standard cases . Patients who are hospitalized will likely receive assistance breathing and what 's called "  supportive therapy " to help their immune systems fight off the infection . Where is the virus spreading ? Twelve states are investigating clusters of enterovirus illnesses : Alabama , Colorado , Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Iowa , Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma , Kentucky and Utah . But EV-D68 is often hard to distinguish from its relatives so the virus could be in other states as well . Enterovirus difficult to track Why are kids being hospitalized ? Anyone can get infected with enteroviruses , according to the CDC , but infants , children and teens are more likely to become sick because they have not yet built up immunity from previous exposures to the viruses . How do I protect my children ? The respiratory illness spreads through close contact , just like the common cold . You can also be infected by touching objects or surfaces that have the virus on them , then touching your face . There 's not a great deal you can do , health officials say , beyond taking common-sense steps to reduce the risk . Wash your hands with soap and water for 20 seconds -- particularly after going to the bathroom and changing diapers . Clean and disinfect surfaces that are regularly touched by different people , such as toys and doorknobs . Avoid shaking hands , kissing , hugging and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick . And stay home if you feel unwell .	Enterovirus D68 usually starts like the common cold Symptoms include sneezing , runny nose , coughing Go to the doctor if your child develops a fever , rash or has trouble breathing
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The rocket launched earlier this month by North Korea had the capability to travel more than 6,000 miles , meaning this type of rocket could strike the United States , South Korean defense officials said . In remarks to reporters Friday , which were embargoed until Sunday , three officials with South Korea 's defense ministry offered their observations about the December 12 launch based on a recovered oxidizer tank that had been part of one of the rocket 's boosters . According to NASA , an oxidizer tank contains oxygen compounds that allow rocket fuel to burn in the atmosphere and outside of it , in space . North Korean officials cheered what they hailed as a successful launch of a long-range rocket , which they said put a satellite in orbit . But the mission drew international condemnation , with many viewing it as cover for testing of ballistic missile technology , which the United Nations has forbidden Pyongyang from using . Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession The South Korean military officials said the evidence they found helps show their nuclear-equipped rival 's intent and progress in developing intercontinental ballistic missiles . Based on a simulation , the officials estimated the rocket can travel more than 10,000 kilometers  6,200 miles  , meaning it could reach the U.S. mainland from North Korea . It can carry a payload of about 500 to 600 kilograms  about 1,100 to 1,320 pounds  . The oxidizer tank used red fuming nitric acid , based on technology the officials said originated in the former Soviet Union and can now be found in Iran . They said an Internet analysis suggests a technological connection between North Korea and Iran , though there is no firm evidence that any of the parts discovered thus far were imported from another country . Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch The South Korean officials said the oxidizer tank appeared to be produced using rudimentary technology , suggesting it may have been made by hand . The rocket launch 's success , after years of failed attempts , triggered worries among world leaders about nuclear weapons , Iran and the balance of power in the Pacific . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called it a "  clear provocation . " Experts do not believe North Korea has a nuclear warhead small enough to fly on the kind of missile that Pyongyang has now proved it can send long distance . But the launch did allow the regime to flex its military and technological muscle on the world stage . Read more : North Korea holds little sway in South Korea 's election North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has "  stressed the need to continue to launch satellites in the future , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency said in a report this month , raising the prospect of more controversial moves to come . Panetta told CNN earlier this month that he is "  very confident " that , if North Korea were to launch a missile at the United States , the U.S. military could guard against it . CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Seoul , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	North Korea launched a long-range rocket earlier this month It says it was to launch a satellite ; critics say it was to test missile technology South Korea finds and analyzes an oxidizer tank used in the launch Its officials say their analysis shows the rocket could go over 6,000 miles , carry 275 pounds
CNN  -- Severe weather descended on the Southeast Monday , killing at least one person , reducing homes to rubble and leaving drivers stranded in flooded streets as the storm system moved northward up the East Coast . One man was killed in Tennessee after being pinned by a trailer that was lifted by strong winds , said Sgt. Chris Guess , a spokesman for the Franklin County Sheriff 's Office . A woman in the home was taken to a hospital with back and leg injuries , he said . The winds also downed trees and caused significant damage in the northern part of the county , northwest of Chattanooga , Guess said , adding that the sheriff 's office could not yet confirm whether the destruction was due to a tornado . In neighboring Hamilton County , as many as five buildings and several cars sustained damage from high winds , said Bill Tittle , the county 's emergency management chief . About 37,000 homes and businesses were without power in the Chattanooga area as of 3 p.m. , Lacie Newton of Electric Power Board told CNN affiliate WTVC . Also Monday , two tornadoes touched down in Kentucky , officials said . In Henry County , the twister leveled two homes , leaving nothing behind but foundation and concrete , according to Michael Webb , public information officer for the state police in Campbellsburg , Kentucky . Three people were asleep in one home when it started "  breaking apart , " Webb said . The residents tried to escape the twister 's fury by running from their home to their car , but the car was blown several feet from its parked position and overturned before it slammed into a tree with all three people inside , Webb said . First responders found everyone doing OK when they arrived on the scene , Webb said . Two people in the second home destroyed by the tornado sustained minor injuries from the storm and were treated at a local hospital , he said . Forecasters are warning other states to be on the lookout for damaging winds . Tornado watches remain in effect from Mississippi northeastward through northern Alabama , eastern Tennessee , southwestern and central Virginia and central and eastern Maryland through Monday evening , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . High winds to the east did n't produce any tornadoes , but were strong enough to knock down power lines and damage road signs in St. Louis . The winds that ripped through the state were accompanied by heavy rains that left motorists stuck in their cars on flooded streets in Kansas City , Missouri . To the north , in Ohio , Illinois and Indiana , the scene was similar . Widespread flooding was expected in Indiana and Ohio Monday afternoon , Morris said . Much of the area has seen 2 to 5 inches of rain in the past week , he said . The rising water flooded streets and businesses in and around Cleveland , where a flash-flood warning was issued Monday morning after an operator at Gates Mill Dam on the Chagrin River in Cuyahoga and Lake counties reported that the dam burst . Officials said the river , which was already experiencing major flooding , could rise even more . The raging water from the dam flowed downstream into portions of Willoughby Hills , Willoughby and Eastlake . The rushing water submerged streets and flooded homes . Residents stranded by the high water were being rescued from their homes Monday evening , video from CNN affiliate WBNS showed . Larry Greene , with the Lake County Emergency Management Agency , told CNN affiliate WOIO that property and structure damage estimates wo n't be available until the water starts to recede , but no injuries were reported from the dam failure . A slight risk of severe thunderstorms continues for portions of middle and eastern Tennessee , northern Alabama , Georgia and as far as western North Carolina . Tornado warnings were issued Monday afternoon and into the evening for the Atlanta metro area as heavy rains and wind moved into the region , according to the National Weather Service . Downed trees were reported in Acworth , about 30 miles northwest of downtown Atlanta . Those thunderstorms could also affect the lower Mississippi Valley east and northeastward to the mid-Atlantic and southeastern Atlantic coasts . Forecasters say a cold front was surging eastward across the area , triggering severe storms and bringing additional rain to Tennessee and Kentucky where flood watches remain in effect through Thursday evening . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Tristan Smith contributed to this report	At least one death has been reported from the storm system Two tornadoes were confirmed in Kentucky Several states have seen 2 to 5 inches of rain in past week , forecasters say An operator reports a complete dam failure along the Chagrin River in Ohio
The State Department defended its Art in Embassies program on Wednesday following a report that it plans to purchase a $ 400,000 sculpture for the embassy compound under construction in Islamabad . BuzzFeed first reported the planned purchase of the sculpture "  Camel Contemplating Needle . " The 500-pound work alludes in both name and appearance to a well-known allegory that appears in both the bible and the Quran . "  Our embassies are the face of the United States overseas , " spokeswoman Marie Harf said Wednesday , acknowledging the report but adding that art purchases for the embassy in Pakistan have not been finalized . "  Right now , we 're still making decisions about what the art will look like specifically in our embassy in Islamabad , " said Harf . "  We have n't made any final decision about that piece or any other piece . " She emphasized the total spent on art at new embassies amounts to just 0.5 % of the embassy 's total construction budget . The Art in Embassies program was started in the 1960s to showcase American art around the world , and also features pieces from local host-country artists . According to the State Department , over 58 permanent collections have been displayed at embassies and ambassadors ' residences , and dozens of temporary exhibitions are shipped every year under the program . Over $ 300 million worth of art is also on loan to diplomatic facilities by the artists themselves , according to Harf . "  Obviously , we believe very strongly in the Art in Embassies program , " she said . "  We think it fosters cultural connections . " The contract to build the embassy compound in Islamabad totaled $ 699 million when it was announced in October 2010 .	Report says State Department plans $ 400,000 art purchase for embassy in Pakistan State Department spokeswoman says no decisions have been made on any art purchases But she defends program that displays art at U.S. embassies around the world
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Gale Storm , whose acting and singing talents earned her three stars on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame , died Saturday , according to a Danville , California nursing facility where she was a patient . Storm was 87 . Storm got her first movie contract , a stage name and a husband when she won a radio talent show in Hollywood at the age of 17 . Her first TV show -- "  My Little Margie " -- set the sitcom stage with Lucille Ball and other female stars in the 1950s , said Skip E. Lowe , a longtime friend who acted in some of Storm 's first movies in the early 1940s . "  She was a wonderful singer , " said Lowe . "  She started as a singer and became known as an actress and singer . " Born Josephine Owaissa Cottle in Bloomington , Texas , in 1922 , she entered and won a CBS Radio talent show that offered a grand prize of a one-year movie contract with RKO Studio , according to her personal biography . She teamed up with the male winner , Lee Bonnell , whom she married and had four children with . The couple remained married for 45 years until his death in 1986 . "  We fell deeply in love and were married two years later , just as soon as my mother would allow it ! " she wrote . The new name Gale Storm was also part of the prize , she said . Lowe , who interviewed her several times in recent decades on his cable TV show , said Storm was open about her bout with alcoholism . "  She was battling that bottle , " Lowe said . Storm wrote about her alcoholism on her official Web site : "  My successes have certainly not been without problems . During the 1970s I experienced a terribly low and painful time of dealing with alcoholism . I had Lee 's unfailing support through the entire ordeal . My treatment and recovery were more than rugged . " Storm said she was "  fully recovered for more than 20 years . " She also chronicled her alcoholism battle in an autobiography published in 1980 and titled "  I Ai n't Down Yet . " Her work in movies in the 1940s when she starred in dozens of B-movies -- mostly Westerns -- was great preparation when television became big in the early 1950s , she said . Her first TV series , "  My Little Margie " was a radio show transferred to TV as a summer replacement for "  I Love Lucy " in 1952 . "  I was overwhelmed by the immediate success of it , " she said . "  During the next four years , millions of people saw the 126 episodes of ` Margie ' on TV and listened to separate , live episodes on network radio , " Storm said . Her next sitcom was "  The Gale Storm Show : Oh ! Susanna , " airing from 1956 until 1960 . Storm played the social director on a cruise ship . Along with film , radio and TV , Storm recorded several top-10 pop hits for Dot Records in the 1950s . "  I was thrilled when my very first record , ' I Hear You Knockin ' , ' sold over a million copies and won for me the coveted ` gold ' record , " she wrote . "  After that , my hit records included ` Dark Moon , ' ` Ivory Tower , ' ` Teen Age Prayer , ' and ` Memories Are Made Of This . ' " Her three Hollywood Walk of Fame stars are for recording , radio and television , according to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce . She acted in a few TV episodes in the 1980s , including "  The Love Boat " and "  Murder She Wrote . " Storm married Paul Masterson in 1988 after Bonnell died . Her second husband died in 1996 .	Her first TV show , "  My Little Margie , " set the sitcom stage with Lucille Ball Gale Storm was born Josephine Owaissa Cottle in Bloomington , Texas Storm has three Hollywood Walk of Fame stars for recording , radio and television
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Construction has started for about 600 new housing units in the West Bank since the Israeli settlement freeze ended late last month , the group Peace Now said Thursday . Yariv Oppenheimer , the group 's director , said the Israeli peace organization has surveyed the construction activity and will come out with a detailed report next week . The group has long monitored Jewish settlement activity in the Palestinian territory of the West Bank . The settlement construction issue is threatening to scuttle the reactivated and now stalled peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians . The Palestinians demanded a continuation of the settlement freeze in order to continue with the talks , and the United States has urged Israel to stop settlement activity . But the Israeli government has not continued the freeze . A source in the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak about the issue , said , "  it is clear " that any "  limited " construction wo n't alter "  the future peace map and that there is a need to return to the negotiating table . " The source said a large part of the construction is in the existing settlement blocs . Ghassan Khatib , a Palestinian government spokesman , told CNN that the settlement building reports "  are very alarming because it is happening on the expense of our basic rights , on our land , and because it will reflect negatively on the sincere effort that the United States and the Quartet members are undertaking to resume a meaningful political process , " a reference to the United States , Russia , the European Union , and the United Nations . "  We also think that this is a big challenge to the American efforts that would require doubling the pressure on Israel to respect the international legality and requirements of the peace process . " Dani Dayan , the chairman of the Yesha Council , which represents Israeli settlers , said life is back to normal in the West Bank . "  In the last 10 months there was no new construction . After the freeze ended , private people and private contractors who already have building permits decide if they want to start building or not ; it 's their own private decision . Most of the construction is happening in the settlement blocs . " Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , in Israel as part of a mission of world leaders called the Elders , told reporters he hopes Israel will halt its settlement activities long enough for the talks to resume . He noted that Palestinian leaders said they would n't go back to the table as long as the activity continues . Raising the issue of what would happen if direct talks were not resumed , he said the Palestinians could pursue other options , such as asking the United Nations for recognition of a state of Palestine on lands seized by Israel during the 1967 war -- Gaza , the West Bank and East Jerusalem . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday the U.S. position on settlements is "  well-known and has not changed . And our determination to encourage the parties to continue talking has not wavered . "  We have no illusions about the difficulty of resolving the final status issues of borders and security , settlements and refugees , of Jerusalem and water . And it 's no secret that we are in a difficult period . " At a Washington event for the American Task Force on Palestine , Clinton said authorities knew "  there would be setbacks and struggles " when Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu came to Washington in September to relaunch direct talks . "  I can not stand here tonight and tell you there is some magic formula that I have discovered that will break through the current impasse . But I can tell you we are working every day , sometimes every hour , to create the conditions for negotiations to continue and succeed , " said Clinton . "  We are urging both sides to avoid any actions that would undermine trust or prejudice the outcomes of the talks . Sen. Mitchell will soon return to the region for further consultations , " she added , referring to former Sen. George Mitchell , who is the Obama administration 's special Middle East envoy . "  We have not given up and neither have President Abbas or Prime Minister Netanyahu . " The American Task Force on Palestine is a nonprofit , nonpartisan group "  dedicated to advocating that it is in the American national interest to promote an end to the conflict in the Middle East through a negotiated agreement that provides for two states -- Israel and Palestine -- living side by side in peace and security , " according to a statement on its website . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Michal Zippori and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report	An Israeli source says construction in the West Bank wo n't affect the peace map Palestinians call the development "  alarming " Peace Now will issue a detailed report next week
Santa Clarita , California  CNN  -- Paul Walker fans came by the thousands Sunday to mourn for the actor at the site where he and a friend died last weekend . Many of them drove by in souped-up cars fit to be used in Walker 's "  Fast & Furious " street race scenes , but others parked blocks away and walked to the business park about 30 miles north of Hollywood where eight days earlier Walker and Roger Rodas died in a fiery car crash . A Christmas tree now stands where the red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT burned after clipping a light pole on the afternoon of November 30 . Candles , flowers , signs and other mementos left by fans cover the ground . The miles-long line of cars was allowed to drive slowly by the the normally quiet spot on Hercules Street in Santa Clarita . The death of Paul Walker : What we know so far Two small airplanes circled overhead , towing banners : "  RIP God be with Fast & Furious star Paul Walker ... Our hearts go out to his friends and family .  Heart  # 17 Paris Hilton . " It was not clear whether Hilton had sponsored the aerial banners . The appropriation of Paul Walker The memorial , loosely organized through Facebook pages and Southern California car clubs , was not sanctioned by the families of Walker or Rodas . A spontaneous memorial began the moment Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies removed the yellow tape around the crash site eight hours after last weekend 's wreck . Fans were already waiting with flowers that piled up and candles that burned on the roadside where Walker and Rodas died . Every night and day since the crash , fans have gathered and left mementos . Walker 's co-stars joined them at times . Vin Diesel used a police car 's loudspeaker Tuesday to thank a crowd of mourning fans , calling Walker an "  angel up in Heaven . " Actor-singer Tyrese Gibson broke down sobbing as he laid a yellow flower at the site . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office on Wednesday said Walker died of "  the combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries . " Speed was a factor in the crash , the sheriff 's office has said . On the day of the crash , Walker was attending a holiday toy donation event for his charity , Reach Out WorldWide , when he hopped into the car with Rodas for a ride , witnesses said . The Porsche , which was one of only a few hundred made , was on display at the event , which was held at a high-performance car shop owned by Rodas . Man arrested for stealing part of Walker 's Porsche wreckage	NEW : A Christmas tree now stands where the red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT burned A miles-long line of cars waited to pass the crash site Fans organized the memorial on Facebook and through Southern California car clubs Every day since Walker 's death , fans have gathered and left mementos , flowers
CNN  -- Remember Conficker ? About 5 million computers still are believed to be infected with the Conficker worm . The hugely talked-about computer worm seemed poised to wreak havoc on the world 's machines on April Fool 's Day . And then ... nothing much happened . But while the doom and gloom forecast for the massive botnet -- a remotely controlled network that security experts say infected about 5 million computers -- never came to pass , Conficker is still making some worm hunters nervous . Phillip Porras , program director at SRI International , a nonprofit research group , said Conficker infects millions of machines around the world . And the malware 's author or authors could use that infected network to steal information or make money off of the compromised computer users . "  Conficker does stand out as one of those bots that is very large and has been able to sustain itself on the Web , " which is rare , said Porras , who also is a member of the international group tracking Conficker . Still , computer users , even those infected with Conficker , have n't seen much in the way of terrifying results . After the botnet relaunched April 1 , it gained further access to an army of computers that the program 's author or authors could control . The only thing the author or authors have done with that power , though , is to try to sell fake computer-security software to a relatively small segment of Conficker-stricken computers , Porras said . The lack of a major attack has led some people in the security community to assume that the worm is basically dead . Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer with F-Secure , an Internet security company , says the people who created Conficker would have launched a major offensive by now if they were going to . Hypponen , who is scheduled to speak about the Conficker botnet next week at Black Hat , a major computer security conference , said he thinks whoever made Conficker did n't mean for the worm to get so large , as the size of the botnet drew widespread attention from the security community and the media . "  This gang , they knew their stuff . They used cutting-edge technology that we had never before . ... I 've been working in viruses for 20 years , and there were several things that I 'd never seen at all , " he said . "  That , to me , would tell that perhaps this is a new group or a new gang , someone who tried it for the first time . " He added , "  The more experienced attackers do n't let their viruses or their worms spread this widely . They , on purpose , keep their viruses smaller in size in order to keep them from headlines . " Veteran botnet creators tend to hold the size of the malicious networks to about 2,000 to 10,000 computers to keep from being noticed , he said . "  Even if the -LSB- Conficker -RSB- gang would want to continue operations , most likely they would drop the current botnet and start something new , " he said . Don DeBolt , director of threat research for CA , an information technology company , said researchers are still watching Conficker . "  It 's still being tracked , so it is still active out there , but certainly the threat has been mitigated by all of the attention and focus that it has received , " he said . DeBolt said the press hyped the Conficker story because it was tied to April Fool 's Day and because it made so many computers vulnerable to attack . He said other viruses and botnets pose more serious threats . Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos , a computer security company , said the infected Conficker network is still growing . "  The interesting thing is , the hackers never really did much with the botnet that they created . So they created an army of lots and lots of computers ... but they 've never really done anything with it , " he said . "  They were almost frightened off doing it . " Others disagree with that assessment . Hypponen said Conficker was not hype ; it was the largest network of its kind seen since 2003 and deserved the attention it got from the security community and from the public . Porras said theories about the the motives of Conficker 's creator are based on speculation . The important thing , he said , is that security experts will continue to work to reduce the number of computers infected with the worm .	Conficker , a feared computer worm , has n't caused much damage yet Security experts disagree about whether Conficker threat has passed Worm made news because of an supposed April Fool 's Day attack Some infected computers have received malicious anti-virus software
CNN  -- Businesses exist to make a profit . That 's why they 're businesses . But , in their quest to make money , there are certain invisible lines they should be careful about crossing . Making a profit is one thing . Going over the line and insulting your customers is another . It 's the kind of thing that can put a business out of business . Almost every airline has been charging passengers to check bags for quite a while now . When the fees were first instituted , there was considerable grumbling , but travelers have become accustomed to it , even if they still do n't much like it . Executives who run the airlines know that passengers will always flock to a low fare . That 's the primary reason the airlines began charging to check bags : Operating an airline is tremendously expensive , and to keep the basic ticket price as low as possible , the revenue had to be made up somewhere . Fees to change reservations , fees for meals , fees for early boarding , fees for pillows and blankets , fees for seats with a little extra legroom ... . Reporter Susan Carey of the Wall Street Journal recently wrote that "  airlines are likely to keep looking for new ways to nickel-and-dime customers on formerly free items . " She quoted George Hobica , an airline industry consumer advocate , as saying that "  he would n't be shocked if big carriers eventually adopted fees for carry-on luggage . " That 's not a typo . Fees for carrying on bags , not checking them . Now , that could never really happen , right ? That 's just speculation , is n't it ? But in fact , there is already precedent in the U.S. aviation industry . Low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines charges its passengers a fee for their carry-on bags ; based on when and where they purchase their tickets , the fee ranges from $ 25 to $ 50 per carry-on bag . On its website , Spirit says that to provide "  ultra-low basic fares , " it gives its passengers "  freedom to choose only the extras they value . " If the price wars continue to escalate , would the major airlines ever dare to tell their passengers that carrying their clothes along with them on a trip is an "  extra " feature of flying for which the customers should be expected to pay an additional fee ? Because that 's what the choice would come down to . If you buy a ticket and are told that you have to pay more to check your bags , and that if you do n't check your bags you also have to pay more to carry them with you , your only alternative , if you object , would be to leave at home any clothes except the ones you are wearing . That 's where the invisible line between trying to make a profit , and insulting your customers , comes in . More than a decade ago , First Chicago Corp. , which became Bank One Corp. , decided that it would be a bright idea to charge customers a fee -- $ 3 -- every time those customers interacted with a teller . Banks were already charging fees to use ATMs -- people getting cash from the machines were paying a convenience fee . But then First Chicago instituted the rule that , if customers with less than a certain amount of cash in their accounts went to a teller window , the conversation and transaction with the teller would cost them that $ 3 . Customers with whom I spoke at the time said that even when they were making deposits , they would be charged for handing over their own money . To some customers , that constituted robbery -- by the banks . There are a few things in this world , even in the world of business , that people should not be expected to pay for . When you walk into a bank , no matter what , dealing with a teller should be free . During the extensive public and media conversation over the issue , I expressed the opinion that any bank that charges any of its customers a penny to interact with a teller does n't deserve to have any customers . First Chicago became Bank One , and installed a new top man who had not made the original decision , but had inherited it . He was a fellow by the name of Jamie Dimon , who has , of course , since moved on to bigger things : As chairman , president and CEO of JPMorgan Chase , Dimon is one of the most powerful and influential financial figures in the world . Back when he was newly at Bank One , he called me , saying he wanted to explain the business rationale for the teller fee . If you should ever unexpectedly receive a phone call from Jamie Dimon , you will immediately recognize  at least I did  that he is smarter than you , that he is 100 % certain that his position is the correct position , and that he is confident that he can persuade you to come around to his side . But , world-class persuasiveness notwithstanding , in the case of teller fees the policy was destined ultimately to fail , because it crossed that mythical line : It insulted the customers . Two years after that conversation , Bank One announced that it was dropping the fee . One of its top executives told a reporter : "  Why have it ? I was n't here when we started it . I really do n't understand why we 'd have it . " Yet , as some readers already are thinking , there are banks around the country that have figured out new ways to charge for dealing in person with tellers without using the label "  teller fee . " It usually shows up on the monthly statement , under some arcane heading . The desire to make that extra buck never seems to end . Will you eventually be paying to carry your bag onto a plane ? Southwest Airlines has garnered a lot of good will , and a lot of business , by holding out against the movement to charge for checked bags -- Southwest still checks the first two bags for free . JetBlue does n't charge for the first checked bag . If some major carriers announce that they are instituting a fee for carry-ons , the best counteroffensive will likely come from one or more of their competitors , who may choose to proclaim : "  Come fly with us . We do n't charge you to carry your own bag . " For the beleaguered traveling public , that may even sound like a victory . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Businesses exist to make profit . But would airlines stoop to charging for carry-ons ? At least one small carrier does , he says . Such a business move insults customers He says Chicago bank once charged $ 3 to bank with a teller . They had to drop fee Greene : For exasperated public , "  We do n't charge you to carry your bag " can seem a bargain
Belfast , Ireland  CNN  -- The British government said Thursday it will pay compensation to the relatives of those killed and wounded by British soldiers in the Bloody Sunday shootings in Northern Ireland in 1972 . Thirteen people died when British troops opened fire at a mainly Catholic civil rights march in Londonderry , and another man died four months later of injuries sustained on that day . Last year , Prime Minister David Cameron described what happened in Londonderry as "  unjustified and unjustifiable , " following the release by the British government of a damning report that reversed decades of official explanations for the 1972 killings . The paratroopers who killed 14 people had no reason to believe they were under threat from the victims , gave no warnings before firing and lied to the far-reaching official inquiry into the seminal event , the inquiry concluded . The independent Saville Report was a comprehensive rejection of the British government 's official account of the killings , which had stood for 38 years . Lawyers representing the affected families wrote to Cameron demanding compensation . The families now say Britain 's Ministry of Defence has replied , saying it wants to "  resolve the compensation question as quickly as possible . " "  We acknowledge the pain felt by these families for nearly 40 years , and that members of the armed forces acted wrongly . For that , the government is deeply sorry , " a spokesman for the ministry said Thursday . "  We are in contact with the families ' solicitors and where there is a legal liability to pay compensation we will do so . " However , the relatives of one of the victims -- 19-year-old William Nash -- say they want the soldiers involved to be prosecuted for murder and will not accept the compensation . The relatives branded the British government offer "  repulsive " and said they would not accept a payment "  under any circumstances . " Bloody Sunday is widely accepted as fueling support for the IRA  Irish Republican Army  during the early years of what became known as The Troubles -- 30 years of violence between pro-British and pro-Irish forces . Even the name of the city where it happened is disputed , with pro-Irish nationalists calling it Derry and pro-British unionists calling it Londonderry . The IRA , a republican paramilitary organization , is listed by the British Home Office as a proscribed terrorist group . The Troubles claimed about 3,000 lives over a three-decade period , with 1972 the single bloodiest year . The pro-British Ulster Unionist Party has called for IRA victims to be compensated by the British government .	The Ministry of Defence says it acknowledges the pain felt by families British troops shot dead 13 people and a 14th later died of his injuries A report last year found that British soldiers were to blame in the massacre Bloody Sunday is widely accepted as having fueled violence in Northern Ireland
Heavy rain continued to lash the northern Philippines on Wednesday , a day after flooding put more than half of the Manila region under water . The relentless monsoon rains , intensified by a tropical storm at sea , have so far led to eight deaths . More than 280,000 people have fled from their homes , authorities said . The muddy flood waters have swamped roads and buildings , bringing life in many areas to a standstill . La Mesa Reservoir , in a densely populated area of the Manila region , is overflowing , the national disaster agency reported , prompting the evacuation of thousands of residents from surrounding neighborhoods . The water at several other dams in the region is near critical levels , it said . More than 500 areas across 78 municipalities and cities on the main island of Luzon have been reported as flooded , the disaster agency said Wednesday . A state of calamity has been declared in three provinces , three cities and eight municipalities , it said . Widespread disruption Brought about by days of fierce rain , floods have disrupted air and land transportation , and caused the closure of schools , businesses and nonemergency government offices . At one point Tuesday , as much as 60 % of the Manila metropolitan region was flooded , the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in a report . The region , known as Metro Manila , has about 12 million residents . The waters later subsided , leaving about 20 % of Metro Manila under water , the U.N. office said . iReport : Flooding clogs streets of Manila ` It was raining nonstop ' Lorie Pascua , said she and her family had been trapped since Monday in their house in Cavite , one of the hardest hit provinces near Manila . "  The water in our village surrounding our house was over six feet high for three days . " she said . "  It was raining nonstop . " Pascua , 75 , said the family 's house was n't flooded but the waters around it prevented them from leaving . Residents living along a creek in the family 's area of the city of Bacoor had to be relocated to dry ground , she said . "  It floods here all the time but this is the worst so far , " Pascua said . Lighter rain The rainfall across the northern Philippines appeared to be less intense Wednesday compared with previous days . Trami , the tropical storm that exacerbated the monsoon rains over Luzon in recent days , has moved farther away from the Philippines in the past 24 hours . The storm is forecast to brush past northern Taiwan on Wednesday and make landfall in the Chinese province of Fujian on Thursday . But Pagasa , the Philippine national weather agency , still issued a "  Yellow Rainfall Advisory " on Wednesday that forecast "  moderate to heavy rains " for Metro Manila and nearby provinces . Flooding remains a risk in low-lying areas , according to the agency . Pascua said it was still raining in Bacoor on Wednesday , but not continuously . The water levels have subsided to knee-level , she said , but the family is still unable to venture out to get supplies . Pascua said her family members had been surviving on the food left in their fridge until they received some rations Wednesday . An annual disaster The national disaster agency reported that eight people have died as a result of the rain and floods in Luzon , mostly by drowning . Four more people are missing and 41 have been injured , it said . About 281,000 people have had to leave their homes and seek shelter with friends and relatives or in evacuation centers , the council said . Images showed displaced people using the pews in a church in Quezon City , part of Metro Manila , as makeshift beds . The pouring rain and rising water are grimly familiar to Manila residents as August is generally the area 's wettest month . Severe flooding in the region a year ago , also caused by monsoon rains , killed scores of people . Oil spill from sunken ferry in Philippines hurts coastline , fishermen	"  It was raining nonstop , " a resident of one badly hit province says Floods drive more than 280,000 people from their homes Eight people have been killed and four others are missing 60 % of Metro Manila was reported to be under water Tuesday
CNN  -- The English Football Association  FA  added its voice to the chorus of apologies that have come in the wake of Wednesday 's report into the Hillsborough Football Stadium tragedy which claimed the lives of 96 people in 1989 . FA Chairman , David Bernstein said the FA was "  deeply sorry this tragedy occurred at a venue The FA selected " and in a competition  the FA Cup  run by the governing body . "  On behalf of The Football Association I offer a full and unreserved apology and express sincere condolences to all of the families of those who lost their lives and to everyone connected to the City of Liverpool and Liverpool Football Club , " Bernstein said in a video posted on the FA website . Panel : Police at fault in response to deadly UK stadium football crush "  This should never have happened . Nobody should lose their lives when setting out to attend a football match and it is a matter of extreme regret and sadness that it has taken so long for these findings to be published and the truth to be told . " The Hillsborough Independent Panel report concluded that there had been serious failings by the police and emergency services as the disaster unfolded before the FA Cup semifinal match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest . The panel said evidence indicated that as many as 41 of those crushed could potentially have survived . "  A swifter , more appropriate , better focused and properly equipped response had the potential to save more lives , " the report said . Bernstein commended the professional work of the panel while also praising the family support groups and others for their "  tireless commitment " in pursuing justice for the victims . "  For 23 years , the families have suffered unbearable pain and we have profound sympathy for them , " Bernstein said . The sentiment was echoed by current Liverpool manager , Brendan Rodgers . "  We have all suffered death in our lives but to have it happen to your son , daughter , brother , sister , and then have a campaign against that -- you ca n't begin to imagine what that must feel like , " Rodgers said Thursday . "  My respect goes out to everyone involved in that process over 23 long , hard , arduous years and hopefully they found some sort of justice , " he added . "  I have met with some of the campaigners since I 've been here and had a shortened version of what they have been through and it has been remarkable really for all the families . "  These have suffered and none of us can begin to imagine what they have been through . Everyone will draw inspiration from how hard they have fought and the time and effort which goes into protecting those loved ones . "	English football 's governing body issues apology for football stadium disaster which claimed 96 lives in 1989 Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield selected to host FA Cup semifinal match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest Liverpool manager , Brendan Rodgers expresses sympathy for families of victims
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates , interest groups , unions and corporations to buy TV time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle , an analysis shows . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has spent the most on TV advertising so far among presidential contenders . The cost to try to influence the 2008 election could exceed $ 3 billion , according to TNS Media Intelligence/Campaign Media Analysis Group , CNN 's consultant on political television advertising . This is nearly twice as much than what was spent in 2004 when political and issue-advocacy television advertising rang in at $ 1.7 billion . In 2006 , $ 2.3 billion was spent on political and issue-advocacy TV commercials . Just about every candidate running for an office from dogcatcher to president is spending the money , said Evan Tracey , CMAG 's chief operating officer . The costs to produce a TV commercial are no longer prohibitive for local and state candidates , who are turning more and more to the airwaves to reach voters . See how spending breaks down for this year " And interest groups have spent $ 6.2 million on TV ads so far this year for state and local ballot measures . On the national level , the cost of issue-advocacy television ad spending was $ 270 million in the first nine months of this year . Subjects ranged from the Iraq war to telecommunications reform . Television ads on health care alone total $ 60 million . CMAG estimates more than $ 3 million of the $ 270 million spent to air issue-advocacy ads this year has gone for commercials in states and districts that are likely to have competitive House and Senate races in 2008 . Tracey said he thinks this is just the beginning of interest groups "  pivoting from legislative advocacy mode to political mode . " "  What we expect to see between now and the end of the primaries , and through the general election , is groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates , " he said . With 17 Democratic and Republican candidates running for president , CMAG predicts that more than $ 800 million will be spent on TV ads in the battle for the White House . Up to now , the political commercials have been largely focused on the early states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . Voters in some of the 20-plus states holding nominating contests on February 5 will start seeing ads in the coming months . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney leads all candidates in TV spending , having aired his commercials more than 11,000 times this year at a cost of nearly $ 8.6 million . This is a record for the number of airings at this point in a presidential election cycle . Watch how Romney is way ahead in ad spending " In contrast , one of Romney 's chief rivals for the GOP nomination , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , has spent nothing on television ads , but Giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys . Giuliani enjoys widespread national name recognition , while Romney does not . In the race for the Democratic nomination , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama has spent more than $ 2.3 million on television commercials , while New York Sen. Hillary Clinton has spent $ 1 million less and leads in both national and early state polls . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson has probably benefited the most in the Democratic contest from the $ 2 million he has invested in his television commercials . Richardson 's humorous TV ads effectively stated his experience as a lawmaker , diplomat and executive , and positioned him as a solid second-tier candidate . Romney used his $ 8.6 million in television ads to introduce himself as a social and fiscal conservative to Republican voters . These voters might otherwise not know much about him other than that he was the governor of the traditionally liberal Massachusetts . Romney is leading polls in the early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire . Further evidence of how Romney 's television commercials have helped is in South Carolina . An American Research Group poll of South Carolina Republicans in August showed Romney registering at 9 percent with these influential primary voters . A month later , and with $ 350,000 worth of commercials aired in the two weeks leading up to the next poll , Romney was up 17 percentage points . Romney 's latest ad began airing Friday in Iowa , and in it he vows to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , to boost the military by 100,000 people , to strengthen U.S. intelligence capabilities and to monitor calls into the U.S. from al Qaeda . All of these issues should play well with conservatives who participate in the Iowa caucuses . While only a handful of Democratic candidates and Romney have used the airwaves until now , Tracey said he expects this to change . "  Before the end of October , I suspect all the frontrunner candidates will be on the air , " Tracey said . "  As we get closer to primary day , the frontrunners will be joined by all the candidates in the race who are taking their last , best shot . " In the fight for Congress , CMAG predicts that as much as $ 639 million could be spent on television advertising . Democrats control the House and Senate . Tracey noted that CMAG 's 2008 election cycle forecast does not take into account unforeseen events such as former Florida Rep. Mark Foley 's House page scandal or the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  Politics is completely beholden to events , " he said . "  Events will ultimately determine how much is spent , where and when . " What television advertising challenges do candidates and interest groups face in the coming months ? "  Chances are , just as what happened in 2006 , voters will be numb after watching hundred and hundreds of ads , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . "  The sheer number of ads probably dilutes their importance . After a while , the ads just become lots of chatter and an ad will have to be really good to cut through the noise . " E-mail to a friend	Amount almost double what was spent in 2004 election cycle Lower TV production costs help more candidates advertise Mitt Romney leads presidential candidates in TV spending Advertisers face challenge of cutting through clutter of ads , analyst says
CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said in an interview broadcast Sunday that the Justice Department 's decision to review waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques is politically motivated . Former Vice President Dick Cheney criticized the review of interrogation methods . Cheney said he opposes the decision by Attorney General Eric Holder to ask a former prosecutor to review CIA interrogations of high-profile terrorism suspects . Cheney made clear he believes President Obama directed Holder to launch the review because the president is feeling pressure from left-wing Democrats . Cheney said the review will undermine the willingness of CIA personnel to conduct necessary operations . "  I think it 's a terrible decision , " Cheney said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  It 's clearly a political move . There 's no other rationale for why they 're doing this . " Watch senators spar over CIA probe " He criticized Obama for allowing a review considering the president previously said that CIA operatives involved in the interrogations would not be prosecuted . "  I think he 's trying to duck responsibility for what 's going on here , and I think it 's wrong , " Cheney said . Holder has said the Justice Department would not prosecute intelligence officers that followed legal guidance from the administration "  in good faith . " Cheney also addressed the separate announcement last week that President Obama had ordered a special interrogation unit to be housed within the FBI . Cheney called that idea "  silly . " "  I think it 's a direct slap at the CIA , " Cheney said . "  I do n't think it will work . I think that if they were faced with the kind of situation we were faced with in the aftermath of 9/11 , suddenly capturing people that may have knowledge about imminent attacks , and they 're going to have to have meetings and decide who gets to ask what question and who 's going to Mirandize the witness -- I just -- I think it 's -- it 's silly . "  It makes no sense . It 's not -- does n't appear to be a serious move in terms of being able to deal with the nation 's security , " Cheney said . Also last week , a 2004 inspector general 's report revealed interrogation methods , including U.S. interrogators threatening a captured al Qaeda operative with a power drill and an instance in which another threatened to kill a high-profile captive 's children . The report , released as a result of a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union , outlined the use of multiple unauthorized interrogation methods on suspected terrorists , including threats , "  blowing cigar smoke , employing certain stress positions , the use of a stiff brush on a detainee , and stepping on a detainee 's ankle shackles . " Critics say some of the techniques that had been authorized -- such as the use of waterboarding -- violated international law . A primary question is whether the techniques led to suspects providing valuable information that prevented further terror attacks . No evidence citing a direct link has emerged . But Cheney said in the Sunday interview that the evidence was clear -- there has not been another attack on U.S. soil since September 11 , 2001 . "  I think the evidence is overwhelming that the enhanced interrogation techniques persuaded them to cooperate , " Cheney said . "  How do you explain that ? The critics do n't have any solution for that . They criticize our policy , our way of doing business , but the results speak for themselves . " Cheney said the interrogation techniques "  were absolutely essential in saving thousands of American lives , in preventing further attacks against the United States , in giving us the intelligence we needed to go find al Qaeda , to find their camps , to find out how they were being financed . " The former vice president also said in the interview that he had approved waterboarding as a policy but was unaware of its use on specific individuals . "  I knew about the waterboarding , not specifically in any one case but as a policy we approved , " he said . Cheney said he knew of a case cited in the newly released reports of a suspect being threatened with a gun and an electric drill . "  The fact of the matter is the Justice Department reviewed all those allegations several years ago , " Cheney said . "  They looked at this question of whether or not somebody had an electric drill in an interrogation session . It was never used on the individual -- or that they had brought in a weapon , never used on the individual . " Although Holder said last week that the Justice Department would not prosecute intelligence officers that followed legal guidance from the administration , he also said that he has asked federal prosecutor John Durham to lead a preliminary investigation into the interrogations . Durham was appointed in 2008 by Holder 's predecessor , Michael Mukasey , to investigate the destruction of CIA interrogation tapes . The interrogations took place in the CIA 's secret prisons before 2006 , when former President Bush moved all detainees from such facilities to the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba . The Bush administration has acknowledged that it authorized enhanced interrogation techniques against suspected terrorists , arguing they produced valuable intelligence without violating U.S. laws banning torture . On Sunday , Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts said he disagreed with Cheney . Holder is acting independent of the president , Kerry said on ABC 's The Week . Holder 's decision "  shows that we have an attorney general who is not pursuing a political agenda but who is doing what he believes the law requires him to do and we have an administration on the other hand that is balancing some of those other interests , " Kerry said . Also weighing in on Sunday was Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , who spent more than five years in captivity and was tortured as a POW in Vietnam . McCain said he opposes further review of past interrogations . But the senator and 2008 Presidential candidate also noted on the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that the enhanced interrogation techniques violated the Geneva Convention against torture and other methods could be used to obtain the same information . The use of enhanced interrogation techniques also had harmed America 's image , McCain said . "  If you inflict enough pain on anyone , they 'll tell you anything to make the pain stop . So you not only get perhaps right information but you also get a lot of wrong information , " McCain said . "  The damage that it did to America 's image in the world is something we 're still on the way to repairing . This is an ideological struggle as well as a physical one . "	"  A terrible decision " former vice president says of reviewing interrogations Cheney believes probe will make CIA less effective in carrying out operations Sen. John McCain says he opposes any further review of past interrogations
CNN  -- Every year Apple has a special one-day shopping event on Black Friday , offering moderately lower prices for many of its gadgets , and this year is no exception . Apple 's Black Friday sale is now live in the U.S. and internationally , with savings mostly hovering around the 10 % mark for more expensive items and climbing to 20-40 % for cheaper ones . This year , you can save $ 41 on an iPad , $ 31 on an iPad 2 and iPod touch , $ 101 on the new MacBook Pros as well as MacBook Air and $ 7 - $ 21 on a range of gadgets , including the Apple EarPods , Apple Magic Mouse and the Time Capsule . Check out the full list of items on sale here and let us know what you think about this year 's Black Friday savings at Apple in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple typically puts its products on sale on Black Friday The sales are modest , but the company rarely offers deals Most discounts are about 10 % , with some products taking bigger cuts You can save $ 41 on an iPad or $ 101 on the new MacBook Pros
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Kyrgyzstan 's decision to close a key U.S. military base is "  regrettable , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said , but it wo n't affect the U.S. military effort in nearby Afghanistan . Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan serves as a U.S. supply route for troops and supplies into Afghanistan . On Friday , Russia announced it would assist the U.S. in transporting nonmilitary cargo to Afghanistan , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said . The United States uses Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan as a route for troops and supplies into Afghanistan . Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced Tuesday that "  all due procedures " were being initiated to close the base . "  It 's regrettable that this is under consideration by the government of Kyrgyzstan , and we hope to have further discussions with them , " Clinton told reporters Thursday after a meeting with French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner . "  But we will proceed in a very effective manner no matter what the outcome of the Kyrgyzstan government 's deliberations might be . " Bakiyev made his announcement at a news conference in Moscow , Russia , following news reports of a multimillion-dollar aid package from Russia to Kyrgyzstan . Lavrov said on Russian television that his country intends to help get vital cargo -- but no weapons or troops -- to NATO troops in Afghanistan . The United States asked to transport the cargo through Russian territory to Afghanistan , Lavrov said . The U.S. military is planning to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to halt a resurgence of the Taliban . Gen. David Petraeus , who oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , described Manas as having "  an important role in the deployment of these forces " and in refueling aircraft . Senior State Department officials said the State and Defense departments are working with Kyrgyzstan to keep the lease to the base . The officials said the Kyrgyzstan government has not yet responded to an offer to renew the lease . Discussions are being conducted through the U.S. Embassy in Kyrgyzstan and relevant State Department and Pentagon bureaus , the officials said . One official said the United States has almost 18 months to renegotiate the lease before it expires and hopes Kyrgyzstan will reconsider their position . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell called Manas "  a hugely important air base . " "  It provides us with launching point to provide supplies in Afghanistan . We very much appreciate -LSB- Kyrgyz -RSB- support in using that base , and we hope to continue , " he said at a daily news briefing earlier this week . Clinton said the Defense Department "  is conducting an examination as to how else we would proceed that will not affect whatever decisions we make . " Petraeus was in Kyrgyzstan last month , partly to lobby the government to allow the United States to keep using the base . He said he and Kyrgyz leaders did not discuss at all the possible closure of the base and said local officials told him there was "  no foundation " for news reports about the issue . The mountainous former Soviet republic is Central Asia 's second poorest country . The United States pays about $ 63 million a year for use of the base and employs more than 320 Kyrgyz citizens there , Petraeus said . The base has been in operation since December 2001 under U.N. mandate . The Russian newspaper Kommersant reported Tuesday that Russia would offer Kyrgyzstan a $ 300 million , 40-year loan at an annual interest rate of 0.75 percent , and write off $ 180 million in Kyrgyz debt . Kyrgyzstan also is home to a Russian military base , at Kant , that officially opened in 2003 . Kyrgyz Prime Minister Igor Chudinov told Russian news agency Interfax it was coincidence that talk of the base closure comes at the same time as the loan . "  The Russian decision to grant a major loan has nothing to do with the pullout of the U.S. air base from the Kyrgyz territory , " Chudinov said . The relationship between the United States and Kyrgyzstan was damaged when a U.S. airman killed a Kyrgyz citizen in December 2006 . The airman was transferred out of Kyrgyzstan , and the dead man 's family was offered compensation . Petraeus said in January an investigation into the death was being reopened . In announcing the base closure , Bakiyev said he was not satisfied with the inquiry and that his government 's "  inability to provide security to its citizens " was proving a serious concern . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia says it will help transport U.S. nonmilitary cargo to Afghanistan United States uses Kyrgyz base as a route for troops and supplies in Afghanistan Kyrgyz president says procedures had been initiated to close base Move follows news of a multimillion-dollar aid package from Russia
OPRAH.com  -- Do n't confuse Katey Sagal for Peg Bundy -- it 's a common mistake . Katey Sagal says being a mother has been her greatest teacher -- for all her roles . While her infamous alter ego was uneducated , Katey is thoughtful and well-spoken ; Peg 's fashion is time-warped  hello , bouffant !  , Katey 's is earthy ; for every ounce of laziness in Peg 's body , Katey has a multitasking one to match . It may have taken years for the actress to shake her TV counterpart , but watch Katey as fierce matriarch Gemma Morrow on FX 's motorcycle drama "  Sons of Anarchy "  which was released on DVD Tuesday  , and you 'll start to wonder , "  Peg who ? " Rachel Bertsche : You 're known for playing three very different mothers -- "  Married with Children 's " Peg Bundy , Kate from "  8 Simple Rules " and now Gemma . Plus , you have three kids of your own , two teenagers and a 21/2 - year-old . Given all that on - and off-screen mothering experience , is there any universal quality that you would say all moms have ? Katey Sagal : Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I 've ever done . I 've never loved anybody the way I love my children . It 's an experience I was surprised by . You have your boyfriend , your husband , your friends , but it 's a different thing . It 's deeper , and it 's a fantastic -- and risky -- commitment to love that deeply . I think the characters I 've played all have that quality , even Peg Bundy . She was devoted and loyal to her children in her own wacky way . But Gemma is intensely dedicated to her family and would do anything to protect her son and her extended family , which is the club . In my personal life , I do n't know that I would go to the lengths for my kids that Gemma does , but close . Bertsche : You were Peg Bundy before you were actually a mom . Once you had your first child , id having firsthand experience change the way you played her ? Sagal : Well , I 've always been a maternal type , but yes , everything was different once I had kids . Your whole perspective on the world changes -- I love how I was n't so self-obsessed anymore ! I ca n't say my characterizations of Peggy necessarily changed much . I just understood more what I was doing . Bertsche : You mentioned your husband , Kurt Sutter , who is also the creator of your show . What 's it like to mix family with business ? Sagal : Most of the time it 's super great . There are moments when it 's not , of course , but most of the time it 's nice because we actually get to see each other . His job is intense , so he does n't get a day like I have today where he can stay home from work . When I 'm there , we can sometimes have lunch together , stuff like that . The hard part gets to be like "  OK , maybe we should talk about something else . " It becomes the constant topic of conversation , the show and the kids , and we have to make a conscious effort to say , "  Let 's not talk about it tonight . " Bertsche : People used to say that women of "  a certain age " -- over 40 -- could n't find any roles in Hollywood . That 's certainly not true anymore , especially on cable , and you might be playing one of the toughest women out there . Why do think that has changed ? Sagal : I do n't know why it 's changed , but I 'm really grateful it has . Maybe it has to do with the fact that we 're all living longer and suddenly it 's okay to get older . Maybe there 's a broader audience for these characters . The stories you can tell about older women are deeper . Plus , cable has opened up enormous possibilities . In feature films , you 're still lucky if you 're not the girlfriend or the wife . But I just read yesterday that Dianne Keaton is going to be on television now , she 's doing a series with HBO , so TV is where our stories are being told . Bertsche : Gemma 's a pretty controversial character . How do you feel about her ? Sagal : I really like her . I like that she 's flawed but she does n't think that she is . She 's survived a lot , and people like that tend to live in a lot of denial . She knows how to get through life in her way , and she does n't question it . It 's just , "  This is how it is . " For instance , I do n't think Gemma 's ever been to therapy . She 's not that girl . What you see is what you get . Bertsche : What 's on tap for her this season ? Sagal : Something very dark happens . The club is going to go through some turmoil -- when you live an outlaw lifestyle , that 's the risk you take . As my husband says , this season is all about loyalties . Henry Rollins and Adam Arkin are on the show this year , and they ... well , I do n't want to say too much , but they 're not really good guys . Bertsche : I promised a co-worker I 'd ask you about "  Lost . " She 's dying to know if your character , Helen , is really dead . Even though we saw the grave , she does n't believe it 's the full story . Got anything on that ? Sagal : I was just reading an article this morning at the gym about how they were going to bring back people who were dead on "  Lost , " and they did n't mention me ! Nobody tells me anything . I 'm always thinking that Helen should come back and show up on the island , but as of today , no one 's sent me a plane ticket to Hawaii . So I do n't think it 's going to happen , but I do n't know . They 're very close to the chest with all that stuff . Oprah.com : Get up close with all the hottest celebrities ! Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Katey Sagal 's series about cyclists , "  Sons of Anarchy , " is out on DVD Sagal says being a mother has given her insight into her major roles She hears rumors about "  Lost , " but nobody 's told her anything personally
Nyakagyezi , Uganda  CNN  -- Visiting his former village in rural Uganda , Jackson Kaguri was the epitome of a success story . He had escaped poverty , earned a college degree and moved to America , where he studied at an Ivy League school and planned to put a down payment on a house in Indiana . He 'd often come back to Uganda , passing out school supplies to children . But on one particular trip home in 2001 , he realized he had to do more . "  We woke up in the morning , and grandmothers had lined up all around the house , stretching way back . ... The whole village had gathered , " Kaguri said . "  All these women walked miles and miles . It was huge . " UNICEF estimates that 1.2 million children in Uganda have lost one or both parents to AIDS-related illnesses , and Kaguri said it 's often grandmothers who have to pick up the slack . "  You see the grandmothers over and over whose own children have died and left them , " he said . "  Some of them have up to 14  grandchildren  to raise in their homes . Sometimes the child has HIV/AIDS , they need medication . The grandmother needs food . They need a house . And nothing is there . " The grandmothers who gathered in Kaguri 's childhood village begged Kaguri to help them . And he felt an obligation to give more than just pens , pencils and paper . "  These are women who had seen me grow up in the village , " he said . "  They carried me when I was hurt , they prayed for me when I was away studying . What was I supposed to do ? " Knowing that education had been so key to his success , Kaguri and his wife decided to use their life savings to start a free school in the village . They purchased two acres of land and built the Nyaka School , brick by brick , with the help of local volunteers . When the school officially launched on January 2 , 2003 , 56 AIDS orphans were the first students . "  We provide them uniforms . We provide them pencils . We give them shoes , " said Kaguri , 41 . "  Everything we give ... is to try and eliminate as many obstacles as possible , so children can be successful and focus on education . " Early on , it was noticed that many children in the school were falling asleep because of hunger and malnutrition . So the school began providing students two meals a day . There is also a medical clinic on site . Meanwhile , Kaguri continued to raise money for the project while he worked full time in the United States . When he learned that a child had walked more than 30 miles to attend the school , he started a second school , the Kutamba School , in the village of Nyakishenyi . Today , between the two schools , there are 587 students -- kindergarten through 12th grade -- receiving a free education and health care . Nearly all of them have lost either one or both parents to AIDS-related illnesses . The issue hits especially close to home for Kaguri , who has lost his brother , one of his sisters and a 3-year-old nephew to the disease . Kaguri says he felt fortunate to have the financial means to help his brother 's children financially , but in many similar cases , children end up homeless . "  Many of them are on the streets in Kampala eating from the dust bins , " Kaguri said . "  You see all these street children because they have no one to help them . " It 's these children Kaguri says he thinks about as he raises funds and awareness for his schools . "  We  take care of nearly 600 children in school , " he said . "  That leaves all these children who are walking around without an opportunity to get an education , to get health care , to get a meal to eat or even to get somebody to say , ' I love you . ' " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Of the students at his schools , Kaguri estimates that 65 % of them are being raised by their grandmothers , many of whom are often without adequate health care , finances or basic housing . So in 2008 , he started a program that offers support and education to the nearly 7,000 area grandmothers who are raising their grandchildren . The program teaches the women practical life skills , offering advice on parenting , grief management , basic medical care , gardening and business development . Kaguri says that by giving grandmothers access to microfunds , allowing them to start small businesses and make money , more children have access to an education . And by giving seeds to the grandmothers to grow , more children have access to food . Grandmothers "  are the pillars in the society , holding the society together , " he said . "  They are unsung heroes that people do n't recognize . " Every grandmother in the program , Kaguri said , has received some form of training or household equipment to improve their life . And his organization has also opened a library , started a gardening program and installed a clean-water system to benefit the entire village . Kaguri , whose organization is based in Michigan and is funded by individual donations and private foundations , spends much of his time fundraising , speaking and raising awareness . He travels to Uganda about three times a year . He hopes this younger generation will lift the country out of poverty and create a better future for their families and communities . He says he dreams about building a school in every district in Uganda . "  I want to be an uncle for many so we can create other children who would be successful and do great things , " he said . "  It 's giving them a hand up , just holding somebody 's hand , trying to get  them  out of the pigeonhole they are in . ... "  I feel humbled looking in the faces of the children smiling , focused on what their dreams are going to be . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Nyaka AIDS Orphans Project website at www.nyakaschool.org and see how to help .	It 's estimated that 1.2 million children in Uganda have lost a parent to AIDS-related illnesses Jackson Kaguri opened a school in his former village to help many of these children Kaguri is also supporting area grandmothers who have been raising them Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  When Longmont , Colorado , police officer Billy Sawyer responded to a 911 call from a pregnant woman who was stabbed and had her fetus ripped out , he was n't prepared for what they would see . "  She was barely conscious . It was very hard to keep her attention at the moment , " Sawyer told CNN 's Erin Burnett . " And she was covered in blood . It was one of the most horrific crime scenes I have seen . " The officer grabbed a pair of gloves and tried to find where she was injured . Michelle Wilkins was weak and in shock when police arrived . Despite her shock , Wilkins was able to tell Sawyer that she had responded to a Craigslist ad and had been attacked . She did n't know at that moment that she had lost her child , but her ability to communicate the events helped save her own life . "  She 's an amazing woman to have that will and that drive to survive and do what she did and be able to contact the police and tell us where she was at , where inside of that location she was at , and speak to me as I entered the residence , direct me to her location , " Sawyer said . "  I mean , she is the only reason why she 's alive right now . " The grisly cutting of the fetus from Wilkins began when she responded to a Craigslist ad about baby clothes for sale . The 26-year-old Wilkins , who was seven months ' pregnant , arrived at the seller 's home Wednesday in Longmont . Stabbed in the stomach and bleeding , Wilkins called 911 . Another officer , Phil Piotrowski , told CNN affiliate KDVR . that the scene was almost too much to bear . He had to take a moment to collect himself . "  When I walked in and looked at her for a short moment , I actually had to walk out for a second because my head was n't able to wrap around it . " Still , given what Wilkins had endured , it left him impressed . "  She is probably one of the strongest people I 've ever had the pleasure to meet , " Piotrowski said . Michelle Wilkins ' uncle Chris Wilkins said , "  She 's alive because professional first responders execute perfectly . " But Piotrowski believes Wilkins is the one who "  saved her own life . " The fetus died , but the mother survived and "  is improving minute by minute , hour by hour , " according to Chris Wilkins . She 's reported to be in critical but stable condition . Dynel Lane , 34 , a former nurse aide , is being held on $ 2 million bail while prosecutors weigh charges against her , including murder . Lane is accused of stabbing Wilkins and removing a female fetus . The murder charge would reportedly depend on whether the fetus was old enough to have lived outside of her mother 's body . In a statement obtained by KDVR , Michelle Wilkins ' family says , "  We can not begin to fathom the depths of depravity and evil which drove her attacker , and trust that between law enforcement and our legal system ; they will make sure justice is carried out . " CNN 's John Fricke contributed to this report .	Officers responding to 911 call found Michelle Wilkins covered in blood Wilkins was stabbed and had fetus torn out after she answered a Craigslist ad
CNN Student News  -- February 10 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why do you think that news organizations spend more time explaining some topics than others ? What kinds of stories require the most explanation ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Susan Rice is the U.S. ambassador to what international organization ? * * 2 . What two countries voted against a United Nations Security Council resolution that would have addressed ongoing violence in Syria ? * * 3 . Which U.S. candidate won Republican presidential contests in Colorado , Minnesota and Missouri on Tuesday ? * * 4 . What is the current U.S. unemployment rate ? * * 5 . What is the study of family histories and ancestors ? * * 6 . What islands are at the center of a dispute between Argentina and the United Kingdom ? * * 7 . What type of energy would be generated by two proposed power plants in Georgia ? * * 8 . What country 's state of Queensland has experienced severe flooding in recent weeks ? * * 9 . Scientists believe the Burmese python is wiping out other species in what Florida region ? * * 10 . What country 's population is aging faster than any other on Earth ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Bookatz , 32 , was walking home one night in January when he noticed a man walking toward him . Michael Bookatz as he looked when first responders arrived after he was attacked . "  Then he just suddenly ran up to me and punched me in the face , " he said . "  He started stamping on me , kicking me . A friend of his came from the other side of the road and started stamping and kicking on me . And they said : ` This is because of what happened to the Palestinians in Gaza . ' " The attack on Bookatz -- a Jew who wears a skullcap and lives in a particularly Jewish neighborhood of London -- is one of more than 250 assaults on Jewish targets in the United Kingdom since the beginning of the year , according to the Community Security Trust , a non-governmental organization which monitors anti-Semitism in Britain . The group recorded more than 200 incidents in the month of January alone , the highest monthly total it has seen since it began keeping records in 1984 . London 's Metropolitan Police "  report that since December , there have been four times as many anti-Semitic attacks as attacks on Muslims , even though there are seven or eight times the number of British Muslims as there are Jews , " said British lawmaker Denis MacShane , who chaired the country 's first parliamentary inquiry into anti-Semitism . Against this backdrop , London hosted a two-day international conference on combating anti-Semitism Monday and Tuesday . Watch what Bookatz says of the attack on him " MacShane called it the "  first conference of its type , " bringing together lawmakers from at least 35 different countries . "  Parliaments now have to acknowledge that anti-Semitism is back . It 's a potent ideological force , causing fears to Jews in many different countries , and it has to be combated by all people that care about democracy , " MacShane said . It is not only a problem for Jews to tackle , the lawmaker said . "  I 'm not Jewish . Most people at the conference are not Jewish , " he said . The rise in attacks on Jewish targets comes amid heightened tension in the Middle East , the Community Security Trust noted . The incidents include arson and graffiti attacks on synagogues , verbal and physical abuse of Jews , and hate mail . Similar events were reported across Europe during Israel 's three-week military assault on Hamas in Gaza in December and January , the CST said in a statement . But Bookatz is not convinced Gaza is the real reason for the assaults on Jews . "  Anti-Semitism is around , " he said . "  It has always been around . Throughout my life , I have experienced anti-Semitic attacks . "  Gaza was probably a focal point , something that triggered it : ` OK , now that Gaza is happening , we can use it as an excuse to attack people , ' " Bookatz said . MacShane said lawmakers around the world needed to take a stand against anti-Semitism . "  We would like to get the police to take anti-Semitism seriously , to take Internet anti-Semitism seriously , " he said . "  We need to say to countries that promote anti-Semitism : ` Drop that hate of Jews . ' " He warned anti-Semitism was an indicator of other problems . "  Whenever anti-Semitism sinks roots , the world is heading in a disastrously wrong direction , " he said . "  That is a lesson from history . If we do n't tackle anti-Semitism in the early stage , then it devours democracy . " CNN 's Atika Shubert and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report	UK holding international conference to combat anti-Semitism Watchdog says January saw highest ever number of anti-Semitic attacks in UK Police : More Jewish attack victims than Muslims despite bigger Muslim population Lawmaker : Anti-Semitism has to be combated by all  who  care about democracy
CNN  -- We 're in a time of flux , my friends . We 're sandwiched somewhere between the lazy , crazy days of summer  BBQs ! Impromptu trips up the coast ! Smuggling fireworks across various and sundry borders !  and the holidays  turkey ! ceremonies of various religious ilks ! self-loathing brought on by turkey and ceremonies of various religious ilks !  . And we do n't know about you , but we 're about due for a mental break before sallying forth into the mental torment that is winter . That 's why this week we 're going to chill with the pedantry and help you kick back and celebrate laziness . Yes , laziness . It 's the total antithesis of the "  American Way "  whatever the hell that is  . Read on for five apps that are either tailored for the more malaise-laden among us . Waking up is hard to do Especially when the floor temperature starts dropping for 10 degrees with each passing week . May we introduce Snooze , a genius iOS app that lets you pledge 25 cents to a variety of charities each and every time you decide that you need another 10 minutes or so of sleep  either to catch up on rest or finish that sexy dream  . If your boss chews you out for being late to work , just tell him you were volunteering . Do n't have time to comb through Pitchfork Fool your music snob friends with Band of the Day , an iPhone app that dishes out musical knowledge in easy-to-digest screen-fulls . Each day , you 'll get a bevy of info on one hand-selected band : original interviews , streaming music , videos and more . If your friends still doubt your expertise , just cast about your brain for the name of some buzz band and express disdain . Works every time . Your get-up-and-go got up and went The days are getting shorter , and , consequently , the nights are getting longer -- and damn colder . If the prospect of staying in and watching reruns of '90s teen television whilst swaddled in a Snuggie is seeming more appealing than pouring yourself into something fancy and hitting the streets , might we recommend buying a cat and just giving up ? Maybe just check out Crowdmug , an iOS app that lets you trade cash for pics of the scene at local bars and restaurants -- thus checking out the crowd without leaving your couch . Other users collect the money you pony up to supply said photos . Or , you know , YOU could get off your lazy , sweatpants-encased arse and collect cash for your own snaps . Getting paid to go out ? Dude , that 's like being an escort -- without all the illegal stuff . Two heads are better than one OK , so you 're not a total recluse , but the idea of sacrificing TWO nights out this week  one for dating , one for hanging with friends  is making your brain weary -- all that planning , all the strain that semi-intelligent conversation entails . Check out DuoDater , a new dating site that allows you to go on double dates with your friends . Also , if you 're not that loyal a friend , it 's like two dates in one night -- score . Running on empty Some people look forward to their morning runs . Some of us , however , could n't impel ourselves to jog if our lives depended on it . At least figuratively . In the unlikely event that a horde of flesh-eating undead were  literally  nipping at our heels , we 'd likely strap on some Nikes and jet . Enter Zombies , Run ! an upcoming app for iOS and Android that turns exercise into a game -- a terrifying , terrifying game . Basically , you download the app , stick in your ear buds and let a narrator scare you into getting in shape as the story of a dystopian world crawling with Z-beasts starts to unfold . The more you run , the better chance you have for survival as you collect supplies and just generally avoid being eaten . This app should be stellar training for throwing yourself into the mortal morass that is holiday shopping .	Snooze is a iOS app that donates 25 cents every time you go back to sleep Crowdmug lets you trade cash for pics of the scene at local bars and restaurants DuoDater is a new dating site so you can go on double dates with your friends
CNN  -- Frozen winter conditions are helping slow the spread of a pipeline leak on Alaska 's North Slope , an environmental official said . An estimated 46,000 gallons of a water-and-oil mixture was spilled before the source of the leak -- a pipe rupture -- was identified Monday , according to the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation  ADEC  . The ruptured 18-inch line , owned by oil company BP and which usually carries a mixture of 75 percent water and 25 percent oil , has been repaired . The frozen conditions make the spill less mobile , Matthew Carr of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said late Wednesday . "  Any spill is regrettable , " Steve Reinhart , a BP spokesman in Anchorage , told CNN . "  We will clean this up thoroughly and our investigation will find out what happened so that we can ensure this does n't happen again . " Reinhart said the spill , which occurred entirely on land , has had no impact on production or wildlife in the area , and is contained to a small fraction of the much larger Prudhoe Bay oil field . "  It is not a pool of oil spreading out across the ground , " Reinhart said , comparing its consistency to that of a snow cone . "  It 's a partially solidified mass that 's piled up in one area , and as we speak , truckloads of this material is being moved off this site and to a collection depot . " According to officials , the rupture was approximately 24 inches lengthwise , running along the bottom of the pipeline . In an incident report on its Web site Wednesday , ADEC described the rupture as being "  consistent with an overpressure scenario , " caused by ice inside the pipe . The leak was discovered early November 29 by a BP worker conducting a routine inspection . The North Slope 's biggest spill to date happened in 2006 when a corroded pipeline dumped 200,000 gallons of crude oil . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Ice buildup led to Alaskan pipeline rupture , officials say Nearly 46,000 gallons of water-and-oil mixture spilled entirely on land Spill not believed to have any effect on production or wildlife in area
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Violent clashes raged between tribes in southeastern Kenya on Tuesday , a day after at least 38 people were killed in the southeast of the country , the Red Cross said . Attackers in the Tana Delta region have set homes on fire , forcing people to flee , according to the Kenya Red Cross . The fighting comes a day after a mob of more than 300 people descended on the village of Kilelengwani in the remote Tana Delta , many of them armed with spears and machetes , the agency said on Monday . Men , women and children were killed , including seven police officers who had been deployed to the area as a buffer between warring tribes . That massacre came just days after nearly a dozen people were killed in the same region in what appears to be continued tit-for-tat violence that erupted last month . The violence is blamed on the Pokomo and Orma tribes prevalent in the region . The Pokomo are largely settled farmers , and the Orma are traditionally pastoralists , tending cattle and goat herds . There has been long-running tension between the two groups over grazing rights and water sources , but it boiled over last month when the Pokomo attacked an Orma village after an apparent land dispute . More than 50 people were killed in that attack , mostly women and children . The revenge attacks are the worst violence in Kenya since more than a thousand people were killed and hundreds of thousands were left homeless after a disputed election in late 2007 . Kenya 's security forces have been heavily criticized for being unable to quell the escalating violence along the Tana River . Samuel Kilele , the police commissioner of the coast , said hundreds of police were in the area , but rugged terrain and poor infrastructure made it hard to get there . He said four local administrators were being fired for their lack of a response . But in a move indicating the seriousness of the situation , he said the Kenyan military could be brought in to bring security to the region . "  If the situation proves more volatile , then the deployment of the army will be inevitable , " Kilele said .	Attackers set homes on fire , forcing people to flee in the remove Tana Delta region More than 300 people , many with spears and machetes , struck a village Monday Killings come just days after tribal violence killed nearly a dozen people in the area Violence is blamed on tensions between the Pokomo and Orma tribes prevalent in the region
CNN  -- Five consumers who found shards of glass in their bags of frozen vegetables set off what has become a national recall that the products ' supplier is tracing to a single lot of peas . The packages were supplied by the Pictsweet Co. of Bells , Tennessee , and sold in Kroger grocery stores in the Southeast and Wal-Mart stores east of the Rocky Mountains . All carry the Kroger or Wal-Mart 's Great Value brand , said Anne Tyrrell , spokeswoman for Pictsweet . . Tyrrell said the company became aware that glass was inside some packages of frozen vegetables after getting complaints from five consumers . All involved peas originating in a single lot , and the company issued a voluntary recall for any product containing peas from that location . There were no indications that anyone consumed or was injured by the glass in the packages , Pictsweet said in a statement . The company said the federal Food and Drug Administration has been notified , and it is conducting a "  top-to-bottom review " to look into the incident . The voluntary recall covers the following items : -- Kroger 12-ounce Green Peas  UPC 11110 89736  . Production codes of 1440BU , 1440BV , 1440BW , and 1600BD . -- Kroger 12-ounce Peas and Carrots  UPC 11110 89741  . Production codes of 1960BD and 1960BE . -- Great Value 12-ounce Steamable Sweet Peas  UPC 78742 08369  . "  Best by " dates of July 20 , 2012 ; July 21 , 2012 . -- Great Value 12-ounce Steamable Mixed Vegetables  UPC 78742 08026  . "  Best by " date of July 15 , 2012 . Consumers who have those products are urged to return them to where they bought them for a full refund , Pictsweet said . Consumers can contact Pictsweet at 1-800-367-7412 , extension 417 , from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT , Monday through Friday , the company said . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Joshua Levs contributed to this report	Five consumers said they found pieces of glass in frozen vegetables The vegetables were sold at Kroger and Wal-Mart stores The supplier of those vegetables initiated a voluntary recall of products that contain peas The company now traces the problem to a single lot of peas
CNN  His voice , his posture and his threats are menacingly familiar . The black-clad ISIS militant shown in a video demanding a $ 200 million ransom to spare the lives of two Japanese citizens looks and sounds similar to the man who has appeared in at least five previous hostage videos . The knife-wielding masked man with a London accent , nicknamed "  Jihadi John , " has issued threats and overseen the beheadings of American and British captives . "  You now have 72 hours to pressure your government in making a wise decision , by paying the $ 200 million to save the lives of your citizens , " the man in the video that appeared Tuesday says in comments addressed to Japanese citizens . "  Otherwise , this knife will become your nightmare . " Q&A : Harsh realities of kidnappings , ransom The amount of money is the same as that recently pledged by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in humanitarian aid to Middle East countries that are affected by ISIS ' bloody campaign in Iraq and Syria . Japan believes the deadline arrives Friday at 12:50 a.m. ET . And Chief Cabinet Minister Yoshihide Suga said Wednesday the country will do its best to communicate with ISIS through a third-party nation . But mystery and confusion still surround the identity of Jihadi John . U.S. and British officials have said they believe they know who he is , but they have n't disclosed the information publicly . That could be because Western intelligence agencies believe they have more to gain from keeping quiet , says Aki Peritz , a former CIA officer . "  They can put pressure on his family , put pressure on his friends , " he told CNN . "  Maybe they have a line to him . Maybe they know who his cousins are who are going to Syria who can identify him . However , if you publicly tell everybody who he is , his real identity , then maybe he 'll go to ground and he 'll disappear . " There had been reports that Jihadi John was injured in a bombing attack by the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition . But the video that appeared Tuesday would suggest , if it 's really the same person , that he 's alive and well enough to make a death threat accompanied by a demand for money . His apparent reappearance helps ISIS ' slick propaganda machine , which is used by the extremist group to raise money and recruit followers . "  It shows them resilient -- that they 're able to film this video with these Japanese hostages outside in broad daylight somewhere presumably in Syria , " said CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . Five months and roughly 2,000 airstrikes after ISIS ' video of the killing of U.S. journalist James Foley , why does one of the West 's most prominent tormentors appear to still be at liberty ? U.S. and British military and intelligence officials declined to comment on the matter . Experts say the problem lies in the extreme difficulty of infiltrating commandos into Syria to reach Jihadi John . "  ISIS operates in what we call denied territory , " said Cedric Leighton , a retired U.S. Air Force colonel . "  And that means by definition , that it 's very hard for our folks to get in there , it 's very hard for them to actually lay eyes on target . " A mission by U.S. special operations forces in July failed to find Foley and other hostages in Syria . "  The attempt to rescue Mr. Foley is one of the things that has now made the White House very reluctant to act aggressively , " said Tony Shaffer , a former U.S. intelligence operative , who directed special operations in Iraq and Afghanistan . A senior U.S. administration official , however , said the U.S. government is "  actively pursuing justice " for the slayings of the hostages . "  The FBI has an open criminal investigation , and as you have seen , we will hold terrorists like this accountable , no matter how long it takes , " the official said on condition of anonymity . "  For operational security reasons , we are not in a position to detail all of the steps we are undertaking . " Meanwhile , as ISIS ' deadline draws nearer , the Japanese government has to decide how it will respond to the extremists ' latest life-or-death ultimatum .	Western officials have said they believe they know the identity of "  Jihadi John " But they may be withholding it as a way to get closer to him , an ex-CIA officer says Expert : The black-clad militant 's latest appearance shows ISIS "  resilient "
CNN  -- Each year Yi Jiefeng does what she can to stop China turning into a desert . For the last 12 years the native of Shanghai has planted saplings in Inner Mongolia trying to reforest the region , but also to keep the memory of her dead son alive . In 2000 , Yi 's only son was killed in a traffic accident in Japan . Yi almost succumbed to grief , but instead decided to devote her life to living out her son 's dream of planting trees in the deserts of Inner Mongolia . "  He was fond of nature since he was a little boy , " Yi said of her son , Yang Ruizhe . "  He was concerned about natural things such as wind , rain , plants , and animals . " Through the non-profit organization Green Life , the project has changed from being a tribute to her child to a campaign to raise awareness of the land degradation that is rapidly turning China 's grasslands into barren plains . After the tragic accident Yi used the insurance money from Ruizhe 's death -- 30 million Japanese yen -- to set up Green Life in 2003 . It was n't easy at first , said Yi , but in the past 11 years the group has planted more than one million trees . "  In the beginning , I did this charity as a mother who wanted to realize her son 's dream , " said Yi . "  But later I realized that China has a really serious desertification problem ... If the situation keeps getting worse , how can 1.3 billion Chinese people possibly survive ? So we felt a sense of social responsibility . " Read more : Bringing smiles to tsunami survivors Almost a quarter of China , an enormous 2.6 million square kilometers across 18 provinces , is classified as desert . In the autonomous region of Inner Mongolia alone , sandy plains accounts for an area greater than the size of Germany . Overgrazing , population growth , logging and droughts are largely responsible , according to researchers . One of the biggest challenges for Yi has been fundraising . She and her husband have invested most of their life 's savings in the project and sold two houses to keep the initiative going . "  Because we have limited funds , we can only afford a small operation team while there is a lot to do , " said Yi . "  I 'm 66 years old now . But I have only an average of three to four hours of sleep every day . Sometimes I do n't even have this amount of sleep . It 's all for saving money for the project . " Yi and her husband began their endeavor with little knowledge of agriculture and their first planting season was not a success : rainfall that year was less than 200mm and the saplings were blown over by strong winds and the shifting sands . But after seeking help from local forestry specialists in the second year many saplings took root in the harsh landscape . "  It seemed that my son 's spirits bestowed good fortune on us -- it rained heavily when we finished , " said Yi . "  Ever since , we would go and plant trees every year , and it rained every time . This made the survival rate stay above 85 % even till now . " Since 2008 , there has been an increase in volunteers and donors , which Yi says gives her and her husband strength and enables the project to keep running . Among them are a number of parents who lost their own children , including one mother who lost her college-aged daughter to cancer , and another mother whose son committed suicide . "  It is easy to break a chopstick , but they become unbreakable when we put all of them together , " said Yi . "  Everyone on the planet has his or her own weaknesses , but with one complementing the other , we will eventually get a big force . Environmental problems especially need this kind of power from people with benevolence . " CNN 's Steven Jiang and CY Xu contributed to this report .	Green Life is a project to reforest desert areas of China Initiative came about through tragic death of founder 's son Non-profit has planed over 1 million trees over 11 years
CNN  -- Bayern Munich were left tantalizingly close to a 22nd German Bundesliga title after closest rivals Schalke suffered a 2-0 defeat at home to third-placed Werder Bremen in the penultimate round of the league season on Saturday . Leaders Bayern beat second-bottom Bochum 3-1 to move three points clear of Schalke , and now have a 17-goal better for-and-against differential ahead of the final match against relegated Hertha Berlin . Felix Magath 's Schalke side travel to Mainz next Saturday knowing they can not be overtaken in second place by Bremen , who hold the third and final Champions League place for next season by a margin of two points from Bayer Leverkusen . Bayern , who last won the title in 2008 and played in a new retro strip in front of 69,000 home fans , romped to victory thanks to a hat-trick from young midfielder Thomas Mueller , who also hit the post . The 20-year-old Germany international opened the scoring in the 18th minute with his 11th goal this season , netted his second two minutes after and sealed victory on 69 to all-but guarantee Louis Van Gaal 's team a first of three possible trophies this season . The Bavarians qualified for the Champions League final in midweek , and can also claim the German Cup if they beat Schalke in the title match . Van Gaal was in celebratory mood as he looked forward to officially sealing his first trophy in his first season at Bayern . "  We 've hit our most important target , winning the Bundesliga , " the Dutchman told the club 's Web site . "  The first 20-25 minutes today were outstanding . It was the best we 've played at the Allianz Arena this season . Then it was just a case of waiting to see what Schalke did . "  This trophy means a lot to me . There are n't many coaches in Europe who 've been fortunate enough to win the league in three countries . I 'm very proud of that . We want to win more trophies now . Bayern is the best club I 've ever worked for . " Bochum , for whom Christian Fuchs scored a consolation 85th-minute free-kick , face relegation unless they can beat Hannover next weekend . Magath had been seeking to follow up last season 's title success while in charge of Wolfsburg , but Schalke 's hopes ended with defeat against Werder Bremen . The hosts went close to a vital opening goal when top scorer Kevin Kuranyi headed against the bar in the 22nd minute , but it was former Schalke midfielder Mesut Ozil who netted first with a fine solo effort 10 minutes after halftime . Ozil further silenced the home fans nine minutes later when he set up Portuguese striker Hugo Almeida for the second goal from close range . Bayer Leverkusen 's hopes of playing in the Champions League suffered a big blow with a 1-1 draw that condemned Hertha Berlin to the second division . Hertha took the lead through Rafael after just 12 minutes , but Manuel Friedrich equalized for the home side in the 59th minute to leave Leverkusen -- who seemed title contenders for the first half of the season -- just a point above Borussia Dortmund . Dortmund were also held 1-1 at home , by eighth-placed Wolfsburg , as Marco Stiepermann canceled out Edin Dzeko 's 69th-minute goal for the visitors . Sixth-placed Stuttgart failed to take advantage of Dortmund 's slip , drawing 2-2 at home to Mainz to be three points adrift in the race for the second Europa League berth . Stuttgart , who were in relegation trouble when Christian Gross took over as manager in December , needed two second-half goals from Romanian striker Ciprian Marica to earn a point . Hannover moved out of the relegation zone with a surprise 6-1 hammering of 13th-placed Borussia Moenchengladbach , while Nuremburg dropped into the bottom three after a 4-0 defeat at Hamburg . Freiburg guaranteed another season in the Bundesliga with a 2-2 draw at Cologne , who moved above Gladbach on goal difference . In Saturday 's other game , ninth-placed Eintracht Frankfurt lost 2-1 at home to Hoffenheim .	Bayern Munich celebrate imminent 22nd German league title after beating Bochum Bavarians three points clear of second-placed Schalke ahead of final round of season Schalke lose 2-0 at home to Werder Bremen and have hugely inferior goal difference Bremen move two points clear of fourth-placed Bayer Leverkusen , who draw with Hertha
January 29 , 2014 Political headlines lead off Wednesday 's edition of CNN Student News , one day after the president delivered his annual State of the Union address and the Republican Party responded . We also look into some phrases and props of previous addresses , and we cover a severe winter storm that covered parts of the U.S. Southeast . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources might you seek out if you wanted to hear two different views on a political speech ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . State of the Union 2 . GOP response 3 . luge Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What annual speech did President Obama deliver last night ? Who delivered the Republican response to that speech ? 2 . According to the video : Who tries to influence what is included in the State of the Union address ? Who is the "  real " audience for this speech ? 3 . What U.S. states that usually do n't see much snow saw it yesterday ? What problems did the snowfall cause ? Discussion Questions : 1 . According to the video : What were some of the topics discussed by the president in last night 's State of the Union address ? What was included in the Republican response ? What clues do each of these speeches provide about each party 's view of government ? 2 . What is meant by the term "  bully pulpit " ? According to the video , how is the State of the Union a speech "  on the grandest bully pulpit of all ? " What are some memorable phrases and props from previous State of the Union addresses ? Why do you think that some might define a presidency by what is said in this speech ? 3 . In your opinion , what , if anything , makes a political speech memorable ? 4 . What are some lessons that can be learned from stories of athletes who have overcome adversity ? Is there an athlete that you find inspirational because of a challenge he or she has overcome ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Health authorities indicated Friday there have been 361 cases of mumps in central Ohio , a significantly higher number than was reported just a few weeks ago . Most of these cases -- 208 , to be specific -- have been linked to Ohio State University in Columbus , the city 's health department said . The 361 total includes cases from Franklin , Delaware and Madison counties and was current as of 2:30 p.m. Friday . Some 139 of those diagnosed were students at Ohio State , while a number of others worked at or otherwise had a connection to the university . As recently as March 21 , the same agency was reporting 63 mumps cases , of which 45 were tied to the university . The outbreak originated in February with a cluster of cases at Ohio State . Mumps outbreak spread beyond Ohio State campus Melanie Amato , an Ohio Department of Health spokeswoman , attributes the spike to many students heading home , where they could end up spreading mumps or at least be seen and diagnosed by doctors . "  We do n't expect the numbers to go down soon , " Amato said . Eleven people have been treated at area hospitals for mumps , according to Columbus Public Health . But none were still in hospitals as of Friday , and no deaths have been linked to the disease , Amato said . Those affected range in age between 4 months and 80 years old , with about 60 % being female . The Ohio Department of Health reports the first symptoms tied to this outbreak arose on January 7 . Jose Rodriguez , a Columbus health department spokesman , has said that the earliest OSU case was on February 11 . CNN Health Library : Learn more about mumps There is a vaccine available for mumps , but it 's only 88 % effective , Amato points out . She explains : "  A lot of these people who got mumps were vaccinated . " Mumps typically begins with a fever , headache , muscle aches , fatigue and loss of appetite , which is followed by the swelling of salivary glands , according to the CDC . It is "  a highly infectious disease " that spreads the same way as a cold or flu does -- through respiratory droplets when someone coughs or sneezes . There is no specific treatment for mumps , and patients usually recover after a week or two , but occasionally the disease can cause serious complications such as encephalitis , meningitis , deafness or inflammation of the breasts or ovaries in girls who have reached puberty , the CDC said . Five days of isolation is required , "  and that can be complicated in a university setting , " according to Rodriguez . Even more frightening -- one-third of cases have no symptoms , he said . Mumps is n't the only infectious disease outbreak that Ohio is dealing with . Earlier this week , authorities reported 68 people had come down with measles in the state , part of what is already an 18-year high of measles cases in the United States . 2013 : East Coast mumps outbreak linked to nightclub	Columbus health department : 361 cases of mumps in central Ohio Agency reported 63 mumps cases a few weeks ago "  A lot of these people who got mumps were vaccinated , " state official says 11 of those infected were treated in hospitals , but none are there now
Only 10 % of countries carried out executions last year , but those employing the death penalty are doing so at an alarming rate , a new report says . According to Amnesty International 's annual review of death sentences and executions , the number of countries using capital punishment in 2011 was 20 , a decrease of more than a third compared to 10 years ago . Some 18,750 people faced death sentences at the end of 2011 , while at least 676 people were executed across the world , the report said . People were sentenced to death for a range of offenses including adultery and sodomy in Iran , blasphemy in Pakistan and drug offenses in around 10 countries . Amnesty claims many of these cases would not have involved fair trials by international standards , and that "  confessions " are often extracted through the use of torture and other methods of coercion . "  The vast majority of countries have moved away from using the death penalty , " said Salil Shetty , Secretary General of Amnesty International . "  Our message to the leaders of the isolated minority of countries that continue to execute is clear : you are out of step with the rest of the world on this issue and it is time you took steps to end this most cruel , inhuman and degrading punishment . " Countries in the Middle East recorded a steep rise in executions last year -- 50 % up compared to the previous year -- with Saudi Arabia  estimated to be 82  , Iran  at least 360  , Yemen  at least 41  and Iraq  at least 68  responsible for 99 % of all recorded cases in the region . Amnesty added that the true extent of Iran 's record was unknown due to a lack of credible official figures . Likewise the report did not include what it described were "  the thousands of executions that Amnesty International believes were carried out in China , where the numbers are suppressed . " It claimed thousands of people were executed in China in 2011 , more than the rest of the world put together . The rights group says it has stopped publishing figures it collects from public sources in China , as "  these are likely to grossly underestimate the true number . " Chinese authorities could not be immediately reached for comment . Meanwhile , the United States was the only member of the G8 group of leading economies to execute prisoners -- 43 in 2011 , the report said . Europe and former Soviet countries were "  capital punishment-free , " apart from Belarus where two people were executed last year . "  Even among the small group of countries that executed in 2011 , we can see gradual progress , " Shetty added . "  It is not going to happen overnight but we are determined that we will see the day when the death penalty is consigned to history . "	Some 18,750 people faced death sentences in 2011 , while at least 676 people were executed Countries in the Middle East recorded a steep rise -- 50 % up compared to previous year Survey did not include "  thousands " executed in China , as it does not release figures United States the only member of the G8 group of leading economies to execute prisoners
London  CNN  -- Two of three women believed to have been held captive in London for more than 30 years met the man suspected of holding them through a "  shared political ideology , " London 's Metropolitan Police revealed Saturday . Police announced Thursday they had arrested a couple on suspicion of being involved in forced labor and domestic servitude after authorities took a Malaysian woman , 69 , Irish woman , 57 , and 30-year-old Briton to safety from a property in Lambeth , south London . They said the man and woman were both 67 and not British nationals . In a statement Saturday , Cmdr. Steve Rodhouse said the suspects were of Indian and Tanzanian origin and had arrived in Britain in the 1960s . "  We believe that two of the victims met the male suspect in London through a shared political ideology , and that they lived together at an address that you could effectively call a ` collective , ' " he said . "  The people involved , the nature of that collective and how it operated is all subject to our investigation , and we are slowly and painstakingly piecing together more information , " he said . Rodhouse said the collective somehow ended , but the women continued to live with the suspects . "  How this resulted in the women living in this way for over 30 years is what we are seeking to establish , but we believe emotional and physical abuse has been a feature of all the victims ' lives . " Rodhouse said the 30-year-old woman did have a birth certificate , but that was all the official documentation police could find . "  We believe she has lived with the suspects and the other victims all her life , but of course at this early stage we are still seeking out evidence . " On Friday , Rodhouse said that labeling the investigation as domestic servitude or forced labor was "  far too simple " and that police were trying to understand "  the invisible handcuffs " that had controlled the women . "  What we have uncovered so far is a complicated and disturbing picture of emotional control over many years . Brainwashing would be the most simplest term , yet that belittles the years of emotional abuse these victims have had to endure , " he said . Police said Freedom Charity alerted them to the suspects in October after receiving a phone call from one of the victims . "  The woman found the courage to contact the charity after seeing a documentary on television we are informed was aired by the BBC , " it said in a statement Friday . With the "  help of sensitive negotiations " by the charity , police met with the Irish and British women on October 25 . The women identified the place where they said they had been held , allowing police to rescue the 69-year-old Malaysian woman and take all three to safety , Metropolitan Police said . Freedom Charity spokeswoman Aneeta Prem said the organization took "  immediate action " to plan a rescue after learning of the women 's situation . "  Facilitating their escape was achieved using utmost sensitivity and secrecy and with the safety of the women as our primary concern , " she said , describing the work of those involved as "  outstanding . " A television documentary on forced marriages relating to the work of Freedom Charity prompted the call for help . "  They 'd seen me on various news channels talking about forced marriage and dishonor violence , and they said I had a face they trusted , so they called our 24-hour helpline , " Prem told CNN . She said the process was "  very difficult " and charity CEO Vineeta Thornhill was personally involved in the negotiations "  Throughout the process until they were rescued -- so it was over a week of speaking to them -- she gained their trust and confidence , and they believed that when they came out , they would be taken to safety , they would be looked after , " Prem said . "  These ladies have spent 30 years in captivity as slaves and have come out with absolutely nothing at all , " she said . "  The road to freedom is n't going to be an easy one . " On Saturday , Prem said Freedom Charity had seen an "  extraordinary " rise in calls to its help line since news of the case broke . She said the three victims need to "  go through their rehabilitation undisturbed , without being identified . "	A couple is alleged to have held three women captive in London for more than 30 years Police arrested the pair Thursday but later released them on bail until January On Saturday police said the couple were of Tanzanian and Indian origin Two of the victims appeared to have met the man through ' a shared political ideology '
As mystery surrounds the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH 370 , which was en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing early Saturday , CNN 's aviation expert Richard Quest said the airliner would have been at the safest point in the flight . "  It was two hours into the flight -- this would have been classed as the ` cruise portion of the flight , ' " he said . "  You break down the flight into taxi , take-off , climb out and then cruise . "  So in that particular point of the flight , this is the safest part , nothing is supposed to go wrong . The aircraft is at altitude on auto-pilot , the pilots are making minor corrections and changes for height as the plane burns off fuel -- the plane will be going higher and higher -- so this is extremely serious that something happened at this point in the flight . " READ MORE : Still no contact , stolen passports mystery Quest , who coincidentally had been working on a story with the carrier recently , said the aircraft -- a Boeing 777-200 -- would have been around 11 years old , powered by two British-made Rolls-Royce Trent engines . "  So it 's not a particularly old aircraft . Malaysia has 15777-200 s in its fleet , it 's an extremely experienced operator of this type of aircraft . It 's a very reputable airline with a very good safety record . " READ MORE : First officer 's ` textbook-perfect ' flying It takes three or four minutes for an airliner to fall out of the sky when it is at cruising altitude , Quest said . He added , "  we do n't know and wo n't know for some time whether the plane broke up in the air or entered the water in one piece . " Once that is discovered , investigators can analyze if a crash was due to mechanical or structural failure , a fire , or terrorism , he noted . Back-up power Greg Feith , a former investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  in the United States , suggested the pilots should have been able to report in , even if power on the aircraft had failed . "  The airplane by certification has to have battery back-up power -- they still have to be able to utilize certain flight instruments and communication tools to complete the flight safely . "  So you could lose all the generators , you could have both engines out , but the battery back-up -- which will only work for a certain time -- is intended for emergency situations . " Feith also pointed to the possibility of an issue with the pressurization of the aircraft . "  If you have a high-altitude pressurization problem , catastrophic decompression , the time of useful consciousness  the time a pilot can operate with an insufficient oxygen supply  in the 30,000-40 ,000 - feet range is a matter of seconds . " READ MORE : How does a jet disappear ? Asked whether it was likely the airliner could have made an emergency landing , Quest said it was possible but unlikely . "  You 're not talking about a Cessna here . You 're talking about a long-haul , wide-bodied aircraft and that puts it into a completely different league . " Search for aircraft But with speculation mounting over whether Flight MH 370 , which was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew , went down on land -- perhaps in Vietnam -- or in the South China Sea , one aviation expert says it 's essential to find the plane as soon as possible in case there are survivors . "  Given the modern communications and the truly modern equipped  Boeing  777 , it 's highly unlikely this plane would have landed somewhere not contactable , " Mary Schiavo , the former Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Transportation , told CNN . "  Depending on how the plane has gone down , there could be many survivors in need of aid . "  That plane has many different ways to locate it : Automatic beacons that tell you where it is ; there are several ways to contact it both with radios and GPS , as well as computer communications within the cockpit . "  But the lack of communication suggests that something most unfortunate has happened -- though that does not suggest there are not any persons that need to be rescued and secured . " Schiavo warned that if for some reason the transmitters on the airliner are not operating , then the search will obviously become far more complex and time-consuming . "  If they are not working then sadly there are similarities with the Air France plane , which was traveling from Brazil to Paris , France and was lost in the ocean . That was very difficult to locate because of the depth of the ocean , " she said . Air France Flight 447 -- an Airbus A330-203 -- plunged into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , 2009 , killing all 228 people on board . It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckage and the majority of the bodies in a mountain range deep under the ocean . The incident report detailed how the pilots failed to respond effectively to problems with the plane 's speed sensors or to correct its trajectory when things first started to go wrong . Aviation expert Jim Tilmon said the Boeing 777-200 was as sophisticated an aircraft as they come with an excellent safety record . "  The only fatality has been from the Asiana crash in San Francisco  last year  , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  There 's been one other 777 that had some problems but no-one was hurt . This is really a shock in lots of ways . "	Quest : Airliner would have been classed as in the "  cruise portion of the flight " "  This is the safest part , nothing is supposed to go wrong , " says Quest Malaysia Airlines operates fleet of 15 Boeing 777-200 aircraft Quest : Reputable , experienced operators with good safety record
CNN  -- Last week , nearly 40 billionaires announced their intention to give half their wealth to charity at the encouragement of bridge-playing buddies Warren Buffett and Bill Gates . This unprecedented action brought to mind Winston Churchill 's famous line about the Lend-Lease plan as "  the most unsordid act in the whole of human history . " There has lately been dark talk of the American Dream and American exceptionalism slipping away , but I believe this billionaire compact shows both are alive and well . The majority of individuals on this self-selecting list are self-made men and women who built their fortunes in their own lifetime . Among them are New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Oracle CEO Larry Ellison . Separately , it was announced earlier this week that the estate of the late Johnny Carson was also donating more than $ 150 million to a charitable foundation . It 's difficult to imagine any other nation in history whose wealthiest individuals would voluntarily decide to give half their wealth to charity , not only at home , but around the world . And whether the money goes to cure river blindness in Africa or help finance charter schools in this country , it is something that reflects well upon the United States . Those who pledge do us proud . There is another issue raised by the billionaires ' compact , beyond the increasing gap between rich and poor in the United States . It is the gap between the "  super rich " -- who really do have more money than they know what to do with -- and what might be called the "  working wealthy , " who are taxed as though they 're rich enough to able to give away half their money . These are individuals whose household income might bring them into the top tax bracket of $ 250,000 a year but who , with two parents working , might still find themselves struggling to stay in the stability of the upper-middle class in the expensive urban areas where they often work . Much of the anger about the scheduled sunset of the Bush tax cuts for the increase in top-bracket taxes comes from this productive group of Americans . The super rich are looking for charitable donations to deduct from their taxes each year , while the working wealthy are still trying to pay all their bills . But they are taxed at the same rate as the private jet set  what a few years ago might been called the Bernie Madoff crowd  . The super-rich rule high finance or might have started a high-tech company before the bubble . In contrast , the working wealthy might include someone who owns a small business or works as a mid-level executive in a top-line traditional corporation . But they are the ones most feeling the squeeze of expectations in the Great Recession , while getting lumped in with the super rich . Let 's be clear : The working wealthy are n't suffering in any objective sense , but they feel they are paying most of the taxes and getting few of the benefits . Small-business owners create almost 70 percent of the new jobs in America , and they are the ones who feel most left out of the current economic recovery . At the same time , the Metro Wealth Index shows that the number of millionaires is increasing in cities across the country . And the bankers who triggered the economic collapse got billions in bailout money and even got to keep some of their taxpayer-subsidized bonuses . The forgotten American middle class saw no real gains in income over the past decade despite the tax cuts because of rising health care and energy costs . Big business and big government seem indifferent to the struggles of small businesses , and it 's got small-business owners feeling angry and alienated , like forgotten American citizens . Meanwhile , politicians slobber over the super rich for campaign donations while they pander to voters with class-warfare populism . The billionaires ' compact is worth viewing with uncynical eyes . It is an historic and selfless attempt to leave the world a better place . And if the charitable contributions are directed carefully , funding innovation and fostering independence  like Andrew Carnegie 's public libraries did a century ago  , rather than dependence , then they can help more people to achieve their own American dreams . But the stark fact is that such largess in a time of recession also highlights the growing gaps in our society , not just between the rich and poor , but between the super rich , the working wealthy and the forgotten middle class . America remains a meritocracy with long odds and high-payouts -- and is infinitely better than any alternative . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon says 40 billionaires ' pledge of fortune is inspiring act of U.S. exceptionalism But he says it points up gap between the "  super rich " and "  working wealthy " couples These $ 250k couples may be in Buffett tax bracket , but struggle to stay in upper-middle class Avlon : Working wealthy are n't suffering , but they pay high taxes , get few benefits
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova will face Victoria Azarenka in the final of the WTA Championships in Istanbul on Sunday . The reigning Wimbledon champion recovered from a set down against Australia 's Samantha Stosur to eventually win 5-7 6-3 6-3 . Belarussian , Azarenka enjoyed a more comfortable 6-2 6-3 win over Russia 's Vera Zvonareva . Kvitova started brightly enough against Stosur taking a 4-2 lead in the opening set , but then a series of unforced errors let the increasingly confident Australian back into the contest . It was n't long though before the left-handed Czech soon found her rhythm grinding down the spirited Stosur with a series of forehand winners to take the second set and level the match . Kvitova then raced into a 4-0 lead in the deciding set before Stosur pulled one break back but it was too late to save the match . The 22-year-old Azarenka , meanwhile , enjoyed much the better of a series of baseline rallies with her Russian opponent , and despite her serve not being in the best order ran out an easy winner . The victor on Sunday will rise to number two in the world rankings . Kvitova will start as favourite as she has won the two previous meetings between the pair this year .	Reigning Wimbledon champion will face Belarussian in WTA Championship final Kvitova beats Samantha Stosur in three sets in semifinal Azarenka enjoys comfortable win over Russia 's Vera Zvonareva
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government is stepping up its involvement in the Syrian crisis after allegations of chemical weapons use -- with its top military official making plans to respond quickly , and its top diplomat reaching out to Syria 's foreign minister and others in the wake of the report . On Saturday , a senior State Department official said that Secretary of State John Kerry had talked Thursday -- the day after the attack -- with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem . The purpose of the call was to make clear that if the Syrian government had nothing to hide , it should have allowed immediate access to the site -- rather than continuing to attack the area to block access and destroy evidence , the official said . Meanwhile , the U.S. military was busy in its own right . If claims that Syria used chemical weapons this week are true , a speedy response will be needed to prevent another such attack , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Friday . A senior Defense Department official has told CNN that military planners have updated Syrian target lists . And it was disclosed that a fourth U.S. ship armed with cruise missiles has arrived in the eastern Mediterranean Sea . A United Nations team is in Syria attempting to investigate a claim by the nation 's rebels that a chemical weapons attack by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces outside Damascus killed more than 1,300 people . Hagel addressed the issue aboard a military plane headed to Malaysia . "  We will determine at some point here very shortly what did happen , " he said , according to an account posted on the Defense Department 's website . "  If , in fact , this was a deliberate use and attack by the Syrian government on its own people using chemical weapons , there may be another attack coming , " Hagel said . "  A very quick assessment of what happened and whatever appropriate response should be made . " Hagel said the American military was providing President Barack Obama "  with options for all contingencies , and that requires positioning our forces -LSB- and -RSB- positioning our assets to be able to carry out whatever options the president might choose . " He did not provide specifics on what the options were . Obama talked Saturday with British Prime Minister David Cameron about Syria , according to a White House statement . Together expressing "  grave concern " about the chemical weapons reports , the two leaders will "  consult closely " on the investigation into the incident as well as "  possible responses by the international community , " according to the White House . Kerry also has been active , reaching out Saturday to Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal , Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby , a senior State Department official said . Earlier , in a CNN exclusive interview with "  New Day , " Obama defended his decision not to intervene militarily in the Syrian conflict . But he predicted that American focus on the civil war would be necessary for the fighting to come to an end . "  I think it is fair to say that , as difficult as the problem is , this is something that is going to require America 's attention and hopefully the entire international community 's attention , " Obama told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . The president has said he does not anticipate using ground forces in Syria . Other military options could include airstrikes by fighter jets or cruise missiles . The Navy destroyer USS Ramage has arrived in the region , a defense official said late Friday . It was intended to replace the USS Mahan , but the Mahan will remain temporarily along with the USS Gravelly and USS Barry . All four are equipped with cruise missiles . So far , the president has authorized a limited amount of military hardware for the rebels in addition to logistical and humanitarian assistance . The senior Defense Department official who spoke to CNN said options for direct military action would include targeting al-Assad 's capability to deliver chemical weapons . Target lists could include government buildings and military installations , the official said , but the military must have flexible plans to target forces and equipment which "  continue to move . " Sen. John McCain , an advocate for a more forceful U.S. response to the Syrian conflict , has suggested that American air power could take out runways and planes used by al-Assad 's forces that he said are "  dominating the battlefields and the towns and the cities . " McCain also has advocated giving rebels anti-aircraft and anti-missile weapons to establish a "  no fly zone . " But administration officials have cautioned that some Syrian rebel factions have ties to al Qaeda terrorists . Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said in a letter to a member of Congress this week that arming rebels requires "  choosing one among many sides . " "  It is my belief that the side we choose must be ready to promote their interests and ours when the balance shifts in their favor . Today , they are not , " Dempsey wrote . Chris Lawrence reported from Washington . David Simpson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Secretary of State Kerry talks with Syria 's foreign minister on chemical weapon claim NEW : He told him Syria should have allowed access to site , rather than still be attacking it U.S. defense secretary : If al-Assad used chemical weapons once , he may do so again U.S. military planners update target lists for fighters or cruise missiles
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democratic presidential front-runner Sen. Hillary Clinton is being taken to task by her two closest rivals for accepting $ 400,000 in campaign contributions from Washington lobbyists . Sen. Hillary Clinton dismissed criticism that she took money from lobbyists , saying it would not influence her . Over the weekend , Clinton was booed by an audience of liberal bloggers in Chicago when she defended taking money from Washington lobbyists , something both Sen. Barack Obama and former Sen. John Edwards have vowed not to do . "  I do n't think , based on my 35 years fighting for what I believe in , anybody seriously believes I 'm going to be influenced by a lobbyist or a particular interest group , " Clinton said . "  A lot of these lobbyists , whether you like it or not , represent real Americans . They actually do . They represent nurses , they represent social workers -- yes , they represent corporations that employ a lot of people . " The former first lady said that she welcomed the debate on the issue . "  I 've been waiting for this . This gives us a real sense of reality with my being here , " Clinton said , prompting a loud rumble from the audience at a candidates ' forum sponsored by The Daily Kos . Edwards ' response was to ask , "  How many people in this room have a Washington lobbyist working for you ? " "  You are not represented by Washington lobbyists . We need to cut these people off , " he said , to cheers . However , while eschewing contributions from Washington lobbyists , Edwards has accepted about $ 10,000 in contributions from lobbyists in his home state of North Carolina , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The Edwards campaign said there is no inconsistency because his pledge did not extend to lobbyists representing local interests . Monday , the Edwards campaign also said it would return a $ 4,600 donation from the Credit Suisse bank , which is registered to lobby in Washington . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , lobbyists actually provide less campaign cash than political action committees or donors directly affiliated with large corporate interests . "  But they do get a lot of attention because it 's very easy to point at them and say , well , these are the special interests , these are the people who most represent these big moneyed interests that are trying to influence policy , " said Massie Ritsch , a spokesman for the center . And while the grassroots interests of many ordinary Americans are represented by Washington lobbyists , as Clinton noted , some political experts think that could be a hard case for her make . Stu Rothenberg of the Rothenberg Political Report said that while Clinton is making an "  analytical argument " about the way the political system works , Edwards "  is simply getting the emotional advantage of portraying her as somebody who is close to lobbyists and big business and the establishment . " E-mail to a friend	Clinton was booed by an audience of liberal bloggers in Chicago over weekend She reacted by saying $ 400,000 in lobbyist money will not influence her Former Sen. John Edwards used chance to stir support for himself Edwards and Sen. Barack Obama have sworn not to take lobbyists ' money
Before he went missing , Johnathan Croom had developed an obsession with the movie "  Into the Wild , " in which a young man leaves society to go live off the land . Unfortunately , both stories had tragic endings . The body of 18-year-old Croom turned up in rural Oregon on Monday , authorities say . It was 1,000 feet from his abandoned car , which officers found last week . They suspect no foul play and are investigating the death as a suicide , said Dwes Hutson , public information officer for the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . "  John made us feel like he was OK , but he was really hurting inside , " his father , David Croom , said Tuesday . "  It 's really important that we pay real close attention to what our kids are saying and that we remind them that we love them , because there are influences in the world that tell them otherwise . "  John is loved by many . I appreciate all the help and what everyone has done . My instincts told me this could happen . I 'm trying to be strong for my community . " In the movie based on Jon Krakauer 's 1996 nonfiction book , a young man by the name of Chris McCandless disappears from society . Over the past six months , David Croom said , his son had shown a growing interest in the movie and possibly wanted to emulate McCandless ' actions . "  He 's been watching the movie a lot , " Croom said before his son 's body was found . "  Maybe he said , ' I want to do it . ' That 's our theory , because he kept talking about the movie . " Johnathan 's green Honda CRV was found on a lonely road in the quiet country town of Riddle , Oregon , on Wednesday , two days after he was supposed to start college at Mesa Community College . "  We still do n't know what happened , " Croom said , "  but he was lost in the wild . He got in over his head , and things did n't go well . " He was last seen at a friend 's home in Seattle , where he 'd been visiting . His father assumed he was driving back to Arizona through Washington and Oregon before he went missing . The teen has been a main topic of conversation in Riddle , a logging and ranching community of about 1,300 with no traditional grocery store and no movie theater . People had been searching their property for him , said one resident , a longtime rancher who asked that he not be identified . "  There 's nothing that makes sense , " he said . What happened to him does not seem to square with what happened in the movie . Riddle is dozens of miles from the nearest wilderness area , residents say . "  It 's 2 1/2 miles from the major interstate ; it 's right in town in Riddle , " Huston said of where Croom 's car was found . "  There are houses and people , and it 's well-populated , so if he wanted to do an ` Into the Wild , ' it was n't the appropriate place . " Krakauer 's account of McCandless ' life has taken on an almost cult status among countless free spirits who dream of shedding the trappings of modern life and living off the land . "  There were similarities , " Croom said of his son 's disappearance . In the book , McCandless cut off communication with his parents and traveled to Alaska , where he lived in a school bus before dying of starvation . Like McCandless , Johnathan Croom apparently traveled with very few belongings : perhaps a small backpack and his phone , his father said . Left behind in the Honda was the teen 's ID card , plus a sweatshirt , blanket and jug of water , things someone might need to survive in the wilderness . Johnathan Croom 's camping experience was limited at best , his father said , not much more than camping once or twice . Several reports describing travelers with an apparent interest in McCandless and the abandoned "  Magic Bus " parked near Healy , Alaska , outside Denali National Park , have surfaced recently . In May , a police helicopter reportedly rescued three German men who had hiked into the wilderness looking for the bus . An Oklahoma teen inspired by the movie reportedly went missing in Oregon in March after telling his parents he wanted to "  live in the wild . " In 2010 , a Swiss woman reportedly drowned in an Alaska river during her trek to visit the famous bus .	Law enforcement official says death is being investigated as a suicide Arizona father feared teen vanished in Oregon to live off land like the film "  Into the Wild " Johnathan Croom , 18 , had never been in the wild before , says his father The teen 's Honda SUV was abandoned in a small town in western Oregon
CNN  -- Five million dollars in five years . That 's what CNN Hero Razia Jan 's foundation is setting out to raise for its girls ' school in Afghanistan . The group will begin rolling out its first-ever large-scale fundraising campaign in January . "  It will create a fund so that the girls in Deh ` Subz can go to school for free as long as the school exists , " said Patti Quigley , executive director of Razia 's Ray of Hope Foundation . "  This will have a huge impact on their future . It would be like investing in a girl for 13 years with one donation . " The funds will also help the group create a two-year program for the school 's graduates to get certified in teaching , midwifery , computer training or tailoring . A year ago , building a campaign of this magnitude would not have been possible for the group . With only Quigley and Jan handling the bulk of the work , they had little time to focus on the foundation 's long-term plan . This year , however , they were able to make significant changes thanks to a special training program created by the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . Last December , Jan and other top 10 Heroes from previous years , along with members from their organizations , attended the three-day intensive training designed to help the Heroes ' nonprofits build a strong , sustainable foundation for long-term success . Annenberg provided the training -- known as Alchemy -- for free . "  We 're here as a foundation to invest in visionary leaders so they can improve the quality of life for everyone , and these Heroes embody that perfectly , " said Sylia Obagi , director of operations for the Annenberg Foundation . The Heroes underwent a condensed version of the foundation 's multiple Alchemy trainings , which typically take place over 13 months . Annenberg , which has trained more than 700 organizations , tailored the program for the Heroes , who often start small and lack background in running a nonprofit . "  Getting the  CNN  attention internationally , they 're given a gift that can not be allowed to go by the wayside , " Obagi said . "  Alchemy helps the Heroes leverage the affirmation and public attention of their work to benefit their organizations and put them on a path towards greater sustainability . " David Puckett , who travels to Mexico to provide prosthetic and orthotic care to people in need , translated what he learned at Alchemy into more consistent financial support for his group . "  It  has broadened my view on how to cultivate and sustain relationships with donors , " said Puckett , whose group in the first quarter of 2013 raised almost as much as its 2012 annual budget . "  I have learned that sharing our mission 's vision is not just about telling the story , but that it needs to go more in depth by telling the story with passion in order to involve the potential donor . " On the last day of the program , the trainers had one-on-one sessions with each organization and helped them develop a customized plan , prioritize their goals and commit to taking necessary actions toward achieving them . After the training , participants worked for 90 days to implement specific goals . Each Hero then had a follow-up phone call with a trainer to review their progress . Obagi said the trainers specifically commented about the "  exceptional motivation " they experienced with the Heroes and that they worked very hard achieving many of the goals . "  When we compare them with the regular Alchemy group , they 're completing their goals at higher rates , " she said . "  The steps they 're taking , and the partnership they 've developed with their board , are moving their organizations in the right direction . " Taryn Davis said Alchemy played a strong role in her group 's growth this year . She and her American Widow Project nearly tripled the number of workshops and retreats they held for military widows in previous years . "  The training gave us the confidence to know that we can take big leaps , " Davis said . "  They made us be open in our strong suits and our weaknesses . Hearing from other Heroes that their struggles were similar to ours really helped me and our team realize they 're not just an issue in our organization . " Carolyn LeCroy expanded her organization internationally this year , which she attributes to a lot of what she learned at Alchemy . Her Messages Project , which helps children stay connected to their incarcerated parents through video messages , recently filmed messages with mothers in a Malawi prison and delivered them to their children . "  The trainers , speakers and interaction , with the feedback we received , made this one of the best trainings I know I have been to , " LeCroy said . "  We walked away with stuff that was usable and practical . ... It not only showed us what we could improve on , but how to do it . " For Scott Strode 's group , which provides free athletic activities and a supportive community for ex-addicts in Colorado , the training helped them bring on new board members with the experience and background needed to scale the program into new communities . "  In the spring and early summer , we 'll be opening in Orange County , and we 've tried to do it very thoughtfully , " he said . "  Without the training , we may have run at a lot of different opportunities and spread ourselves thin . " In addition to the invaluable guidance , many participants were able to build friendships and network with fellow Heroes . "  Just being in a room with present and past Heroes who are making a difference was an honor , " said Marie Da Silva , whose school in Malawi provides free education for AIDS orphans . "  Apart from working nonstop , we had many laughs and an opportunity to meet each other on a personal level , knowing more about each other 's work from their hearts . " This year , Annenberg is again providing its free Alchemy training as part of the award package for the Top 10 Heroes . Along with a group of past Heroes , they will attend the seminar next month at the California Science Center in Los Angeles . The group will be treated to a special evening event under the Space Shuttle Endeavour , which is on display at the Science Center , and an astronaut will address the Heroes . "  The kind of vision , aspiration and dreams the individuals who built the shuttle have to have embodies what the Heroes represent as well , " Obagi said . "  It will be a fabulous night of inspiration that makes us rethink the importance of community service and how to give back , and how rewarding it is when we do . "	The Annenberg Foundation is focusing on supporting leaders in their philanthropy It customized a special training program for CNN Heroes past and present "  The training gave us the confidence to know that we can take big leaps , " one Hero said
CNN  -- Elizabeth Warren , the White House consumer-protection adviser now running for a U.S. Senate seat from Massachusetts , ripped into the tax plan put out by Mitt Romney , the state 's former governor , at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday night . "  He wants to give tax cuts to millionaires and billionaires , " said Warren , a former Harvard law professor who served as the Senate watchdog over the 2008 bank bailout . "  But for middle-class families who are hanging on by their fingernails ? His plans will hammer them with a new tax hike of up to $ 2,000 . " That 's a lot of money to average folks , so let 's take a closer look . The facts : Warren 's figure is drawn from the verdict of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center , a joint project of the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute that reviewed the Republican presidential nominee 's proposals . An August 1 analysis by the nonpartisan group cautions that it 's not a precise scoring , since Romney has n't provided enough specifics . But it found that under what Romney has said he wants to do "  would provide large tax cuts to high-income households , and increase the tax burdens on middle - and/or lower-income taxpayers . " "  This is true even when we bias our assumptions about which and whose tax expenditures are reduced to make the resulting tax system as progressive as possible , " the center noted . Romney wants to cut today 's income-tax rates , which date back to the Bush administration 's tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 , by 20 % and eliminate the alternative minimum tax on high earners . Romney says he will make up the lost revenue in part by limiting deductions , exemptions and credits currently available to top-level income earners , though wo n't say which tax breaks he plans to eliminate . CNN Fact Check : About those 4.5 million jobs ... If a Romney administration got rid of tax breaks like deductions for mortgage interest , health insurance and charitable contributions for top earners and cut them only by 42 % for households that earn less than $ 200,000 , the lower-income families with children "  would pay , on average , $ 2,000 more in taxes , " the group concluded . Households without children would see a $ 75 cut under that scenario , the group stated . The study was written by Samuel Brown , a former Federal Reserve analyst ; Adam Looney , who served on the Obama administration 's Council of Economic Advisers ; and William Gale , who served on the same advisory board during George H.W. Bush 's presidency . President Barack Obama 's campaign seized on the $ 2,000 figure , using it in campaign ads targeting voters in swing states like Ohio , Florida and New Hampshire . The Romney campaign disputed the findings of the study when it was released , arguing that the analysis was flawed because it did not account for Romney 's promise to keep the share of taxes paid by top earners the same and that a reduction in the corporate tax rate -- another part of Romney 's plan -- would lead to more revenue . "  There 's an old expression in the computer world : garbage in , garbage out , " Romney told Fortune magazine in an August 15 interview . "  They made garbage assumptions and they reached a garbage conclusion . " The study 's authors said it worked under the assumption that any reductions in revenue due to the corporate rate cut would be made up elsewhere . Conclusion : The $ 2000 "  tax hike " figure that Warren cites is grounded in a third-party analysis that Romney has criticized , but one the authors stand by . The authors also note that their calculations are not precise because they lack some specifics of Romney 's plan . CNN 's Matt Smith and Lindsey Knight contributed to this report .	Democrats say Romney tax plan will cost middle-class families $ 2,000 The figure comes from a study from the Tax Policy Center , a nonpartisan think-tank Romney called it a "  garbage conclusion , " but the authors stand by their findings
CNN  -- American authorities have concluded that a widely seen video does show the U.S. civilian-operated cargo jet that crashed in Afghanistan last week , a U.S. government official said Monday . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is being handled by Afghan authorities , did not give details on how U.S. authorities came to that conclusion . The National Airlines jet crashed shortly after takeoff from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , killing all seven people aboard , officials said . National Airlines specializes in moving freight for the military and businesses . After the crash , the video of a plane crash surfaced , apparently captured by a dashboard camera inside a vehicle on the base . The approximately three-minute video shows what appears to be the National Airlines jet as it started its climb around 11:20 a.m. April 29 . About 12 seconds into the video , the Boeing 747-400 appears to stall , rolls from side to side , and drops . At 23 seconds , the plane crashes nose first into the ground off the side of the road , erupting into a ball of orange flame and black smoke . National Air Cargo , the parent of National Airlines , said the flight had refueled at Bagram en route from Camp Bastion , a British military base in Afghanistan , to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	A National Airlines jet crashed shortly after takeoff from Bagram Air Base on April 29 The company said the plane had refueled at Bagram , on its way to Dubai Video shows the Boeing 747-400 crashing nose-first into the ground
CNN  -- Didier Drogba is backing his Ivory Coast team to make history by becoming the first African country to reach the final of the World Cup next year . Drogba is contemplating a big challenge by the Ivory Coast in South Africa . The Chelsea striker scored the decisive goal as the Elephants sealed their place in South Africa with a 1-1 draw against Malawi on Saturday , but he is now looking ahead to the finals with relish . "  It is going to be a challenge , " the 31-year-old told reporters . "  To make it to the final will not be easy because there are great teams like Brazil and Germany who have won the World Cup for many years . "  But my teammates and I want to make history and want to change the way the world sees African football . Can an African team win the World Cup next year ? "  I hope that we 'll be the team that is going to go to the final and win the competition . " Ivory Coast have joined Ghana as definite qualifiers from Africa , with three other places up for grabs in the final round of matches in November . Drogba is one of several stars in the Ivorian squad with Champions League experience , including Barcelona 's Yaya Toure who is anxious to erase memories of their failure to qualify from the group stages in the 2006 finals in Germany . "  At the last World Cup we played really well in Germany , but we were unlucky because we were in a very tough group with Argentina and Holland and so went out in the first round , " he said . "  But I think with this kind of experience , it will be possible at South Africa 2010 to do much better . Perhaps we can make the quarterfinals and then semifinals , this is something we can achieve . " Coach Vahid Halilhodzic is also upbeat after seeing his side fight back from a goal down against Malawi to top African Group E. "  We are very proud to participate in the World Cup for the second consecutive time and this time it is going to be better , " he added .	Didier Drogba targets World Cup glory with African powerhouses Ivory Coast Drogba scored crucial goal as Ivory Coast clinched qualification for South Africa Ivory Coast exited in group stages at the World Cup finals in Germany in 2006
CNN  -- Lionel Messi will captain Argentina for the first time as they take on Venezuela in a friendly in cricket-mad India Friday . Messi has been handed the responsibility by new Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella after their disappointing Copa America campaign . They went out in the quarterfinals to eventual winners Uruguay , costing then coach Sergio Batista his job . "  He is the captain from now on , " Sabella told gathered reporters Wednesday ahead of the match in the 120,000 capacity Salt Lake stadium in Kolkata . "  We are looking to build a couple of options , looking for one or two players to build up a combination with him . " The arrival of World Footballer of the Year Messi in India has been greeted with much excitement and a big crowd gathered at Kolkata airport as he flew in . Barcelona star Messi and his teammates will be looking for a morale-boosting win over their South American rivals in the biggest football match over played in India . They will then go to Bangladesh for a friendly against Nigeria 's Super Eagles on September 6 as they prepare for 2014 World Cup qualifiers which begin in October . "  Winning will give us confidence . This is the beginning of a long trip ahead and we hope it finishes with qualification to the World Cup , " added Sabella . Friday 's match will be played on an artificial pitch in a cricket stadium adapted for football .	Lionel Messi to captain Argentina in friendly against Venezuela Match is taking place at the cricket stadium in Kolkata in India Argentina went out of the Copa America at the quarterfinal stage
CNN  -- A group of Texas clinics that provide abortions are asking the U.S. Supreme Court for emergency action to keep their facilities open , in the face of state restrictions that went into effect last week . A ruling by a federal appeals court earlier this month gave Texas the green light to move forward on the mandate requiring all abortion clinics in the state be "  ambulatory surgical centers , " regulated under the same standards as hospitals . Another challenged provision would force doctors performing abortions to first obtain admitting privileges at a nearby hospital . Abortion rights groups said 13 reproductive health clinics were forced to immediately close Friday after the court ruling , leaving only a handful still operating . The time-sensitive appeal was filed with Justice Antonin Scalia , who gave Texas officials until Thursday to respond in writing . Scalia would then presumably ask his other eight colleagues to weigh in before issuing an order on behalf of the court . Any order would only have temporary effect , until more appeals can be filed on the larger questions of the Texas law 's constitutionality . That process may take several months , at least , to resolve . The Supreme Court refused to intervene previously when other sections of the Texas law were challenged in court . Lawmakers in the state 's Republican-majority Legislature have said the regulations would improve patient care and safety . Abortion rights groups counter , saying the law is designed to make it nearly impossible to operate an abortion clinic in Texas . The Center for Reproductive Rights had sued Texas this past spring , on behalf of a coalition of abortion clinics . In August , a federal judge ruled that the "  ambulatory surgical centers " requirement was unconstitutional and imposed an injunction . Thursday 's appeals court ruling lifted that injunction and allowed the measure to go into effect immediately . Lauren Bean , spokeswoman for the state attorney general 's office , said in a statement after that ruling , "  This decision is a vindication of the careful deliberation by the Texas Legislature to craft a law to protect the health and safety of Texas women . " Abortion rights groups counter the mandate will leave women of reproductive age in the state with minimal health care options , and called the appeals court decision "  demonstrably wrong . " "  Over 900,000 Texas women of reproductive age , more than a sixth of all such women in Texas , now reside more than 150 miles from the nearest Texas abortion provider , up from 86,000 prior to the enactment of the challenged act , " said the clinics in their emergency application to the high court . "  Women 's ability to exercise their constitutional right to obtain an abortion will be lost , and their lives will be permanently and profoundly altered , " by having those clinics remaining closed . Supporters said before the bill was enacted , there were 41 facilities in Texas providing abortions . H.B. 2 also bans abortions past 20 weeks of pregnancy and tightens usage guidelines for "  abortion-inducing drugs " such as RU-486 . Critics contend the law , in addition to eliminating abortion across huge swaths of the state , will further deny access to many women in rural communities and will force women to seek dangerous "  back-alley " abortions . Republican Gov. Rick Perry signed the bill into law last year . The high court case is Whole Woman 's Health v. Lakey  14A365  . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	Abortion clinics ask Supreme Court to intervene Ruling last week was on section of law requiring clinics to adhere to hospital-level standards Legislators have said this would improve patient care and safety Abortion rights groups decry ruling , say it cuts off access
London , England  CNN  -- Top British fashion designer Alexander McQueen , who dressed stars from Sarah Jessica Parker to Rihanna to Nicole Kidman in bold shapes and colors , was found dead in his home here Thursday , a spokesman for his company said . Though his reputation for controversy earned him the titles "  enfant terrible " and "  the hooligan of English fashion , " British Vogue Editor Alexandra Shulman said his work "  influenced a whole generation of designers . "  His brilliant imagination knew no bounds as he conjured up collection after collection of extraordinary designs . At one level he was a master of the fantastic , creating astounding fashions shows that mixed design , technology and performance , and on another he was a modern day genius whose gothic aesthetic was adopted by women the world over . His death is the hugest loss to anyone who knew him and for very many who did n't , " said a statement from Shulman on the magazine 's Web site . Asked about reports of McQueen 's death , London 's Metropolitan Police said a 40-year-old man was found dead at an address in Green Street , central London . They would not confirm his identity and said the death was not being treated as suspicious . "  At this stage it is inappropriate to comment on this tragic news beyond saying that we are devastated and are sharing a sense of shock and grief with Lee 's family , " said a statement issued from his company on behalf of the family of the designer , who was born Lee Alexander McQueen . "  Lee 's family has asked for privacy in order to come to terms with this terrible news and we hope the media will respect this . " According to a posting on McQueen 's Twitter page , the designer 's mother died February 2 . "  i 'm letting my followers know the my mother passed away yesterday , " said an entry posted at 11:46 a.m. February 3 . "  RIP mumxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , " it added . One minute later , the message "  but life must go on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " was tweeted . The account has not been verified by Twitter as officially coming from McQueen , although the page does link to his Web site . His death comes just a week before the opening of the famed London Fashion Week . "  We are deeply shocked and saddened at the news of Alexander McQueen 's untimely death , " said a statement on the London Fashion Week Web site . "  He was a unique talent and one of the world 's greatest designers . Our thoughts are with his friends and family at this sad time . " Although McQueen was not showing a collection at the London Fashion Week , he was to unveil his ready-to-wear collection at the Paris fashion shows in March . His 2010 spring/summer collection featured alien-inspired makeup and prints , according to Vogue , and "  was lauded as his best by the fashion press . " Dresses in that ready-to-wear line had exaggerated tiny waists and rounded hips , and models on the catwalk wore high club-like boots with them . Model Naomi Campbell said she was "  truly devastated " by McQueen 's death . "  His talent had no boundaries and he was an inspiration to everyone who worked with him and knew him , " she said in a statement released by her publicist . "  This is a sad day to all who loved him around the world and my condolences are with his family . I will miss him so much , he will never be forgotten . " Designer Carolina Herrera called McQueen "  one of a - kind " and said in a statement that he was "  one of the most talented designers of his generation . This is a big loss for the world . " A manager at the Alexander McQueen store in New York said the shop would be closed Thursday and Friday in light of the designer 's death . Appearing on CNN Thursday before news of McQueen 's death broke , singer Lady Gaga -- known for her ground-breaking fashion -- spoke of her admiration for the designer . "  He is so -- He is on his own planet . He does n't need to respond to trends or what anyone else is doing , " Lady Gaga said in an interview on "  American Morning . "  He is so pure and from within and I -- he just generally inspires me ... and I love when I can wear his clothes and sort of synthesize for my fans what it means to me , because I want them escape through his clothes the way that I do . " According to a biography of McQueen on Vogue 's Web site , he was born in 1970 in London 's East End , the son of a taxi driver . He trained in London 's Savile Row at a company that made suits for Prince Charles . One anecdote that helped cement his bad-boy image claimed that he had once embroidered a suit for the Prince of Wales with a profanity sewn into the lining . His clothing line was purchased in 1991 by stylist Isabella Blow , who became a close friend . She committed suicide in 2007 , five years after his label was brought into the Gucci Group , based in Paris , France . In an interview with CNN 's Jim Bittermann in October , McQueen -- whose work was also worn by Sandra Bullock and Gwyneth Paltrow -- talked about how the traditional runway shows for fashion designers are changing . His latest show was an invitation event for 1,000 people and was streamed live on the Internet . "  It 's got to progress , and it 's got to move on , " he said . "  I 've been doing these shows for over 15 years now ; I must have done about 60 shows . Even I get bored with the same concept , so this way , I can see a brighter future for fashion . " The designer was honored as a commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 and won numerous other awards in the fashion world .	NEW : "  His talent had no boundaries , " model Naomi Campbell says Fashion designer Alexander McQueen , 40 , found dead at London home British police said death was not being treated as suspicious McQueen had reputation for controversy , earning him title "  enfant terrible "
Washington  CNN  -- In the enclaves of Richmond , Virginia , the political and ideological dividing line is a highway . On one side of Interstate 195 is Windsor Farms , a wealthy community designed to look like an English village . It is home to a historic country club and its residents are 75 % Republican , according to an analysis by the Cook Political Report . On the other side of the highway is Carytown , a community that prides itself on its urban chic shops and restaurants . It held a craft beer festival this past weekend and its residents are 75 % Democrat . "  Clearly one side of the city of Richmond is very old money and conservative and on the other side of the street , it 's a very progressive college community , " said David Wasserman , U.S. House editor for the Cook Political Report . "  This is a fairly recent development . We 've never seen this type of polarization on a neighborhood level to such a degree and it 's only increasing . " The growth in the number of Americans who sort themselves into communities like Windsor Farms or Carytown , consistently express either liberal or conservative views and the disappearing overlap between those two groups illustrates why the country  $ " and the Congress -- is so divided , according to a new study by the Pew Research Center . "  Voters are plenty to blame for the current predicament they complain about , " Wasserman said . "  People want to live next to others who share their political and cultural values . It makes it easier for politicians to gerrymander because voters are already presorted . " And that type of redistricting means a more hyper-partisan class of voters is more likely to send like-minded , hyper-partisan lawmakers to Washington to represent them , political analysts said . It 's your fault : How our ` tribes ' help create gridlock in Congress The Pew report found that increasingly , the most politically active and engaged Americans are opting to live in "  ideological silos , " communities peopled with like-minded individuals who passionately hold on to partisan views and eschew those whose opinions differ . Among the report 's findings : Why does this matter ? Because , as the report points out , over the past 20 years , "  partisan animosity has increased substantially "  $ " more than doubling , in fact . The most politically engaged Americans are most likely to see only the rightness of their own positions and view the opposing sides ideas as "  so misguided that they threaten the nation 's well-being . " Meanwhile , the majority of Americans , those who hold more centrist views , are content to sit on the sidelines , staying out of the political fray , the Pew report found . This is a recipe for legislative gridlock , political demographers and analysts said . Lynne Cheney : Partisanship is a Madisonian principle Think of it as a ripple effect , Bill Bishop , co-author of "  The Big Sort : Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart , " told CNN last year . "  Like-minded groups , over time , become more extreme in how they 're like-minded , " he said . This means in order to be considered a "  good Democrat " or "  good Republican " citizens , and the lawmakers who represent them , are pressured to think and vote only in a certain , partisan way , political demographers and analysts have found . And woe the person who votes against the group-think . Take for example , Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , whose 7th Congressional District includes Windsor Farms . His opponent , Dave Brat , a political newcomer and economics professor was able to use Cantor 's openness to considering a path to citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants as an example of how the veteran lawmaker was out of touch with his conservative base . Cantor lost the Republican primary on Tuesday by double digits . Down but not done : Cantor 's loss not end for immigration reform Cantor had been "  taking conservative position after conservative position after conservative position , but almost 100 % was n't enough for these folks , " CNN political analyst John Avlon said .	Politically engaged Americans are increasingly partisan , according to a new Pew poll Hyper-partisanship at the local level eventually leads to hyper-partisanship in Congress , experts say Those who trend more moderate are also less likely to be politically-engaged , the Pew poll found All of these factors have create gridlock on the Congressional level , experts say
CNN  -- Arsenal moved to within three points of leaders Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League after Cesc Fabregas inspired them to a 2-0 victory at Bolton to spoil new manager Owen Coyle 's first match in charge . Captain Fabregas produced an impressive display on his return from a hamstring injury and scored his 10th league goal of the season in the 28th minute after a neat one-two with Eduardo . His surging run then led to substitute and fellow-Spaniard Fran Merida scoring the second 12 minutes from time as former Wanderers player Coyle 's reign at the Reebok Stadium got off to a losing start . With these two teams due to meet in the return fixture at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday , Arsene Wenger 's side could well take over at the top of the table in the next few days . Bolton remain second from bottom , with Coyle having swapped one relegation battle with Burnley for another . Earlier in the day , Blackburn captain Ryan Nelsen put the seal on his side 's long-awaited return to winning ways as they overcame Fulham 2-0 at Ewood Park . Nelsen applied the finish to Benni McCarthy 's 54th-minute free-kick to put Rovers within touching distance of their first three-point haul since November . Defender Chris Samba had earlier settled the home side 's nerves with a fortuitous 24th-minute opener after he ricocheted home an attempted clearance by former Blackburn winger Damien Duff . In the day 's other match , Aston Villa failed to cash in on slip-ups by their Champions League-chasing rivals after being held 0-0 at home by West Ham . Villa could have closed the gap on the top four after Manchester City , beaten at Everton , and Tottenham , held at home by Hull , both dropped points on Saturday . But a combination of a below-par performance and some fine saves by Robert Green meant they had to settle for their first goalless draw of the league campaign .	Arsenal move to within three points of Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League Returning captain Cesc Fabregas scores one goal and makes the other in a 2-0 win at Bolton The result spoils the debut of new Bolton manager Owen Coyle following his switch from Burnley
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The night before Hollywood gathers to honor its best Sunday , Razzie voters sifted through what they dubbed the cinematic rubble and  dis  honored "  The Last Airbender " as the worst movie of 2010 . The M. Night Shyamalan action-flick , which was panned by critics upon its release last year , won  or should that be ` lost ' ?  for Worst Director , Worst Picture , Worst Screenplay , Worst Supporting Actor and a new category -- Worst Eye-gouging Misuse of 3-D . The other movie that took home multiple gold spray-painted statuettes Saturday night was "  Sex and the City 2 " for Worst Screen Ensemble and Worst Actress -- presented jointly to the four leading ladies : Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Cynthia Nixon and Kristen Davis . The Razzies -- or the Golden Raspberry Awards -- are decided by 637 voters in the United States and 17 countries , according to its website . It began in 1980 as "  a logical antidote to Tinsel Town 's annual glut of self-congratulatory awards , " it says . Actors and actresses who are nominated rarely attend the ceremony , though Sandra Bullock attended last year to pick up her award for her performance in the box office bomb "  All About Steve . " The next night , she took home the Best Actress honor at the Academy Awards for her role in "  The Blind Side . " Held this year at Hollywood 's Barnsdall Gallery Theatre , here is a list of the 2010 "  winners " : Worst Picture : "  The Last Airbender " Worst Actor : Ashton Kutcher for both "  Killers " and "  Valentine 's Day . " Worst Actress : Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Cynthia Nixon and Kristen Davis for "  Sex and the City 2 " Worst Supporting Actor : Jackson Rathbone for "  The Last Airbender " and "  Twilight Saga : Eclipse "  the other most-nominated title of the year Worst Supporting Actress : Jessica Alba for "  The Killer Inside Me , " "  Little Fockers , " "  Machete " and "  Valentine 's Day " Worst Eye-gouging Misuse of 3-D : "  The Last Airbender " Worst Screen Couple or Ensemble : The cast of "  Sex and the City 2 " Worst Director : M. Night Shyamalan Worst Screenplay : "  The Last Airbender " Worst Prequel , Remake , Rip-Off or Sequel : "  Sex and the City 2 "	Among its "  awards " is one for Worst Eye-gouging Misuse of 3-D All four actresses of "  Sex and the City 2 " are "  honored " as worst actress Actors rarely attend the ceremony
CNN  -- It all started with ice cream . "  I saw a long line of people waiting for a free scoop at the Baskin Robbins next to my store , " said Joe Field , owner and operator of Flying Colors Comics & Other Cool Stuff in Concord , California . "  Knowing that comics are even cooler than ice cream , I was convinced that publishers , retailers and our major distributor , Diamond , could all band together to do something powerful to attract people of all ages and interests to check out their local comics shops . " Thus , Free Comic Book Day was born . It was during a tough time for the comic book industry . The first one came in 2002 , the same year "  Spider-Man " became a blockbuster in theaters . Just six years earlier , however , Marvel Comics filed for bankruptcy , and comic books had been struggling ever since . The idea of Free Comic Book Day is simple : Publishers put out one or two comic books each year for free on the first Saturday in May for the 300,000 to 500,000 customers who show up at local comic book stores . Saturday 's event will be the 10th . Store owners like Kyle Puttkammer , of Georgia 's Galactic Quest , see it as a big success . "  It 's the biggest sales day of the year for us , and many people discover us for the first time , " he said . Many store owners make the day into an all-out event . Puttkammer plans to have an '80s cover band , a replica of the 1960s Batmobile and actors from AMC 's zombie-themed TV show "  The Walking Dead , " among other things , at his two stores . At Earth 2 Comics in Los Angeles , customers will be able to meet popular writer and DC Comics Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns . "  I consider it to be like a national holiday celebrating comic books , where the industry metaphorically opens their doors to the public , " said Valerie D'Orazio , editor of MTV Geek . "  Gaining new -- and especially younger -- readers is absolutely crucial to the health of the comic book industry , now more than ever before . " Comic book publishers usually offer titles with storylines that can be easily followed and , in many cases , issues aimed at younger readers . "  We try to make them as new-reader-friendly as possible , " said Axel Alonso , editor-in-chief at Marvel Comics . "  We usually do n't push the envelope in terms of content . " "  Our hope is that the comic books that fans pick up on Free Comic Book Day , for a lot of them , might be their first one , " DC Comics co-Publisher Jim Lee said , explaining how it chooses which issues to offer . "  We want to take a character that 's well-known and accessible to the readership and at the same time , tie in to some of the future plans we have for publishing . " "  When I was growing up , there were comics in the barber shop . Not any more , " said Bob Bretall of the Comic Book Page podcast . "  Today , comics are mostly in specialty comics shops . They are not anyplace that a kid is likely to see them by happenstance , so having an event that will draw people to the ` few and far between ' locations that offer comics is crucial to getting this key demographic interested in comics . " According to trend-watching magazine ICv2 , the industry is starting to see growth . "  ICv2 has tracked industry sales since 2005 , when North American comic and graphic novel sales were $ 565 million , " Publisher Milton Griepp said . "  In 2009 , industry sales were $ 680 million . " "  We anticipated that this year 's event would be the biggest ever based on the best selection ever of free comics based on well-known properties , and based on the record orders for comics to be give away , it will be , " he added . So why is "  FCBD " so highly anticipated this year ? Here 's what some of the major publishers have on tap for Saturday 's big event : Marvel Comics Marvel 's superheroes have had movies in theaters over the weekend of "  FCBD " for several years now . This year , it 's "  Thor , " and this year 's free comic is an all-ages story starring Thor and Captain America  who has his own movie in July  , entitled "  Captain America/Thor : The Mighty Fighting Avengers . " Alonso compares it to "  a Pixar movie that 's accessible for adults and children . It 's meant to be a jumping-on point into comics , essentially . " The "  Spider Island " story arc is going to be big for the company this year , and so many fans , as well as new readers , will probably seek out the free "  Amazing Spider-Man " comic , by Dan Slott and Humberto Ramos , that ties into it . "  It 's two of our top talents on a full-length story , " Alonso said . DC Comics Not to be outdone , one of DC 's characters is headed to the big screen for the first time next month , and "  Green Lantern Special Edition " will be a hot issue this year . It also includes a preview of the big crossover "  Flashpoint . " "  We 've seen some orders that have been better in the past than Free Comic Book Day , " co-Publisher Dan DiDio said . "  The preview of ` Flashpoint ' is exciting a lot of our retailers . " DC will also offer a "  Young Justice/Batman : Brave and the Bold " issue aimed at young readers , based on the two animated series on Cartoon Network  both Cartoon Network and DC are owned by Time Warner , which also owns CNN  . Dark Horse Comics The company best known for "  Hellboy , " as well as the adaptations of "  Star Wars " and "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " will also be aiming for readers of all ages with an issue that features "  Avatar : The Last Airbender " and "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars . " "  We have an expanded library of ` Star Wars : Clones Wars ' comics but are just beginning our Last Airbender program , " Editor Sierra Hahn said . "  I think we 're constantly trying to find material that will appeal to younger readers . When you discover something you love at a young age , chances are you 'll stick by it through adulthood , and the material will age with you . " Like many of the other companies , it also has something for older readers in two horror comics , "  Baltimore " from "  Hellboy " creator Mike Mignola and "  Criminal Macabre . " Image Comics "  The Walking Dead " has been a runaway hit for this company in recent years , but its "  FCBD " offering is decidedly tamer in the "  Super Dinosaur Origin Special , " written by "  Dead " creator Robert Kirkman . "  Super Dinosaur " made its debut in stores last month , and the company hopes Kirkman will hit another home run , this time with a broader audience . "  Whether you 're talking comics or movies or music or television -- any form of entertainment -- a graying fan base is going to be your undoing just through attrition , " Publisher Eric Stephenson said . "  You have to continually find ways to appeal to a younger audience , and I think what Joe Field has come up with Free Comic Book Day is a great way of doing that . " IDW Publishing It made its name with licensed properties like "  True Blood , " Transformers , " "  G.I. Joe " and "  Doctor Who , " and this year , IDW is offering up an original issue of its cult hit "  Locke & Key . " "  It was recently nominated for four Eisner awards , " CEO and Publisher Ted Adams said . "  Fox just shot a pilot for it , and hopefully it will be on air this fall . " "  Locke & Key " is usually intended for mature audiences , but this issue is different : "  We purposefully chose a story that was all ages . It 's an action-based story , so it 's OK for kids , but the actual book is intended for adults . " No matter their ages , Adams , like others in the industry , hopes readers will enjoy Saturday 's festivities at their nearby comic book store : "  It 's sort of like Christmas and Halloween and Thanksgiving rolled into one . "	Free Comic Book Day celebrating its 10th year Saturday Comic publishers and store owners aim for new , younger readers Issues often tie in to major events in comics and on the big screen
Washington  CNN  -- A former high school teacher in Virginia was charged Wednesday with transporting and possessing child pornography , a discovery that was made after he was accused of engaging in sexual acts with a 16-year-old male former student , according to court documents . Kevin Garfield Ricks , 50 , was arrested in February at Osbourn High School in Manassas , Virginia , after authorities were notified of the alleged sexual misconduct , according to the criminal complaint filed against him Wednesday in U.S. District Court . Another student apparently reported the alleged offense to police after seeing a Facebook message from Ricks posted on the 16-year-old 's Facebook page that read , "  You told me our experience was your first with a guy , " according to the complaint . The 16-year-old student told police that Ricks committed "  several sexual acts " on him in December after providing him with "  significant quantities of Tequila . " Authorities investigating the allegations seized Ricks ' personal belongings , including the personal laptop that he carried from his Virginia home during the week to his home in Maryland on the weekends . The laptop revealed eight images of child pornography , according to the complaint . The computer also contained an online chat transcript between Ricks and another alleged victim , who accused him of molestation in the mid - '70s at a summer camp for children with disabilities where Ricks worked as a counselor . Other pornographic images were found at Ricks ' home in Federalsburg , Maryland , including some that appear to have been taken in Japan in the late '80s and early '90s , when Ricks worked as an English teacher there . Most of the boys depicted in the images appear to be incapacitated , according to the complaint . An additional search of Ricks ' Maryland home in April turned up "  hundreds " of videotapes and still images of child pornography , as well as handwritten journals that "  describe sexual acts with a number of conscious and unconscious minor males at a variety of locations , " the complaint says . After his arrest in February , Ricks told detectives that the teachers union had told him that he had been "  walking a thin line " after a parent accused him of "  stalking " a student he was mentoring at the Huntington Learning Center in Fauqier County , Virginia . In a written statement provided by his attorney to The Washington Post last week , Ricks said he "  will spend the rest of my days seeking forgiveness and atonement . " "  It is understandable how some may see me in a negative light , but like other people in this world , I have had many positive accomplishments in my personal life and career . I would like people to consider those as well , " the statement said , according to the Post . Ricks is being held in the Prince William County Adult Detention Center . If convicted of the charges , he faces up to 30 years in prison .	Kevin Ricks , 50 , was charged with transporting and possessing child porn Alleged offense came to light when he was accused of sexual acts with ex-student Hundreds of images were found upon searching Ricks ' laptop and home He faces up to 30 years in prison if convicted of the charges
Washington  CNN  -- Are James V. McVay 's statements the shocking confessions of a man who planned to kill the president ? The exaggerated claims of someone seeking attention ? The rantings of a lunatic ? Police , prosecutors and others are asking those questions after McVay , 41 , was charged in the vicious stabbing death of a 75-year-old woman in Sioux Falls , South Dakota . Stopped by police Saturday near Madison , Wisconsin , some 450 miles away from the killing , McVay confessed not only to the stabbing , but to a crime he said he hoped to commit : the assassination of a president . In statements to police , and in an unusual jailhouse interview with reporters , McVay said : -- He had spent two years while in prison developing a plan . -- He planned , first , to kill someone in Sioux Falls and steal that person 's vehicle to drive to Madison . -- In Madison , he would break into another house to kill the occupants and steal their vehicle , or he would ambush a Madison police officer to steal that officer 's gun . -- He planned to travel through Chicago , stopping again in Indianapolis to kill people and steal a vehicle to drive to Washington . "  I 'm going to kill and kill until I get him , " he told police , referring to President Obama . "  One of his favorite pastimes , golfing ; I was going to get him at the golf range , " McVay said in a remorseless interview with WKOW-TV reporter Tony Galli . He said the Sioux Falls victim , Maybelle Fetters Schein , was "  collateral damage . " It was not the first time McVay had made threats of this nature . In 2009 , following an arrest involving another stolen car , McVay told police he had planned to travel to Washington where he intended to harm Vice President Joe Biden . Police notified the U.S. Secret Service , who twice questioned McVay , as well as family members and acquaintances . During the second interview , McVay recanted his statement about wanting to harm the vice president , a spokesman with the Secret Service said . Court documents provide a detailed account of McVay 's alleged actions during the past week , when he again came to the attention of authorities . According to a police affidavit , police were sent to Schein 's Sioux Falls home Saturday afternoon after a report of a deceased person . They found a garden tool and a cardboard box propping open the garage door , and a small figurine propping open the door between the garage and the living area . Schein was in her bedroom , dead of knife wounds to the neck . The victim 's white 2007 Buick Lucerne was missing . Police soon learned the car was equipped with an OnStar device that allowed GPS tracking of the vehicle , the affidavit says . Investigators contacted OnStar , learned the car was near Madison , Wisconsin , and asked police there to stop it . The driver at first refused to stop , and police chased the car , eventually using a spike strip to bring it to a halt , police said . The driver , McVay , "  had a brief standoff with the officers before being taken into custody , " police said . As McVay was being placed in a patrol car , he made an unsolicited comment . "  He said that he had ` killed an old lady ' by stabbing her , " and that he had stolen her car , police said . McVay waived his right to remain silent and continued talking , police said , outlining his plan to travel to Washington to kill Obama . McVay said he spent two years developing the plan , "  solidifying " the plan about two weeks earlier when he discovered he was going to be released from South Dakota State Penitentiary to a halfway house . He said he walked away from the Sioux Falls halfway house on Friday , stole clothes and camping knives from a Walmart , and slept under a bridge for the night . On Saturday he awoke , walked into a nearby neighborhood , slipped into a partially open garage , used the knife to unlock the door to the residence , killed Schein and stole her car , according to his account in the affidavit . McVay is charged with premeditated murder , first degree murder and four burglary-related counts . He is represented by a state public defender , who could not be immediately reached Thursday . This week , when Wisconsin TV reporters interviewed McVay , he told them of the earlier interrogations by the Secret Service . "  I played the game that I did n't have any homicidal intentions and I talked to Secret Service , " he said . But , McVay told the reporters , his feelings hardened against Biden and Obama while he was in solitary confinement . McVay cited Obama 's economic policies and other moves as a basis for the assassination plot , but also said alien forces were using Obama as a "  puppet , " WKOW reported . On Thursday , a Wisconsin judge ordered a competency evaluation of McVay . This week , Secret Service agents again interviewed McVay . But the Secret Service officials declined to say whether they believe McVay intended to attempt an assassination . And a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office said the office is reviewing the case , but no decision on federal charges has been made .	James V. McVay says a South Dakota slaying was the first step in his plan The final step , he tells a reporter , was to kill Obama "  at the golf range " A judge orders a competency evaluation of McVay
CNN  Think it 's taking you longer to get to work ? Has your job moved farther from your home ? You 're probably right on both counts . A new study from the Brookings Institution says the number of jobs within a typical commute distance for residents in major metro areas of the U.S. fell by 7 % between 2000 and 2012 . Despite trends that indicate a greater desire for millennials to live in dense urban areas , suburbs are still doing well , according to some researchers . Employers have tended to move toward the suburbs , away from city cores -- and away from many workers , the study says . Moreover , even if you already live in the suburbs , it does n't mean you live close to the suburb where the jobs are . "  Suburban residents saw the number of jobs within a typical commute distance drop by 7 % , more than twice the decline experienced by the typical city resident  3 %  , " Elizabeth Kneebone and Natalie Holmes wrote in the study 's summary . The issue disproportionately affects poor and minority residents , the authors added . "  Residents of high-poverty and majority-minority neighborhoods experienced particularly pronounced declines in job proximity , " they wrote , observing that 61 % of high-poverty tracts and 55 % of majority-minority neighborhoods experienced declines in job proximity between 2000 and 2012 . High-poverty neighborhoods were defined as tracts with poverty rates above 20 % . The Brookings study comes as metro areas are coping with increased stresses on infrastructure . Tuesday 's New York Times was filled with letters complaining about a subway fare increase and crowds at all hours in the New York system . In Atlanta , one suburban county recently added mass transit for the first time since 2010 -- even as the Georgia legislature has been gutting portions of a transportation bill . And a Detroit man garnered nationwide headlines in February because of his 21-mile commute -- a hefty chunk of which he walked due to a lack of transit options . The Brookings study observes that solving commuting issues "  will require collaborative solutions " across jurisdictions . "  The dynamics that have shaped these job proximity patterns across and within metro areas did not emerge by themselves , " Kneebone and Holmes wrote  PDF  . "  Local , regional , and state leaders put them in play  whether purposefully or by default  through policy decisions . To foster growth that is truly regional in its reach and that does not exacerbate inequality or leave low-income and minority residents behind , communities will need to coordinate and collaborate as they plan and implement policy decisions that affect metropolitan development patterns . "	A new Brookings study says proximity to jobs is declining The lack of proximity forces longer commutes in both distance and time Metro areas will have to work across jurisdictions to solve problems , the study says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- It 's late afternoon on a recent Friday when Shree McKinley walks past the Women 's Medical Society . Making her way toward a large picture window , she peers inside the shuttered medical clinic , cupping her hand on the glass to block the glaring sun . Backing away , she gasps at a series of petite baby hands made of plaster fastened to the windowsill . "  That is sad , " she said . "  But I guess it 's the memory of the little kids that never made it . " McKinley said she was a patient of Kermit Gosnell , a Philadelphia physician who was accused of killing babies born after attempted abortions in the sixth , seventh , and eighth months of their mothers ' pregnancies at his Pennsylvania clinic , while operating in dangerous , deplorable conditions . Gosnell carried out those killings in a particularly brutal manner : using scissors to cut the babies ' spinal cords . He also was charged in the death of a 41-year-old woman during an abortion procedure . He was found guilty Monday of three counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of the babies , and involuntary manslaughter for the woman 's death . The grisly allegations in the case -- dirty procedure rooms , blood-stained and weathered equipment , babies born alive , breathing and crying , and unlicensed staff administering anesthesia -- shocked the nation and prompted McKinley to rethink what she went through six years ago . Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws The 36-year-old now wonders if maybe her child was born alive and had its neck snipped . "  I try not to think about it . But I think about it , and it 's sad . I wish I never did it , " she said . "  If I would have known what I know now , I never would have had an abortion . " McKinley , now a mother , said she was approximately six months pregnant at the time Gosnell performed her abortion , which was not part of the criminal case against him . CNN could not independently verify McKinley 's account . It 's illegal to perform an abortion after 24 weeks of pregnancy in the state of Pennsylvania . Generally , most doctors will not perform abortions after 20 weeks , Philadelphia district attorney Seth Williams said following Gosnell 's arrest in January 2011 . Prosecutors say Gosnell , who is not certified to perform abortions , falsified gestational ages on records . "  This doctor gained the reputation far and wide that he 'd perform abortions at any time , " Williams said . Struggling with the idea of having a child , McKinley ultimately decided to terminate her pregnancy . So one evening , her father escorted her to Gosnell 's crowded and unkempt clinic in West Philadelphia for the procedure . Opinion : Gosnell case shows why abortion rights need protection "  He seemed like he was a helpful person , " she said of Gosnell , adding that her abortion cost $ 1,600 . "  I did n't have  all  the money up front . So I was able to give him partial money and come back and pay the rest off in payment plans . " Although unaware of the salacious allegations that later surfaced during the investigation of the clinic , McKinley said she felt "  uncomfortable " and "  scared " at the doctor 's office . "  All the equipment was old , it was rusty . It looked like stuff from back in the 70s . And it was dirty , " she said . "  But I had to , you know , at the time , I had to do what I had to do . " During the trial , prosecutors accused Gosnell of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some having litter boxes and animals present during operations ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . Gosnell 's defense attorney Jack McMahon maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . The conviction on three counts of first-degree murder mean Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , could be sentenced to death . "  He deserves to die , " McKinley said .	Shree McKinley says Kermit Gosnell performed an abortion on her years ago After details of his trial emerged , she had second thoughts about her decision Prosecutors said Gosnell killed babies by cutting their spinal cords with scissors He was found guilty of first-degree murder on Monday
CNN  -- The "  Snake Man " is real . The mythical creature with the body of a serpent and face of a human folds himself into a tight coil for the gasping crowds , before slithering into his next impossible position . Or at least , that 's how it seemed to circus manager Winston Ruddle when he first saw the homeless boy dressed head-to-toe in a snake skin suit , performing on the streets of Mombasa , Kenya . A decade later , the mysterious "  Snake Man " -- better known as 30-year-old contortionist Lazarus Gitu -- is now set to perform on New York 's Broadway , one of the star acts in Ruddle 's spectacular circus show , "  Mother Africa . " "  I had been in the circus business since the 1980s and I 'd never seen something like Lazarus , " said Ruddle . "  It 's not so common to find a flexible man -- most contortionists are females from Mongolia or China . He was so unusual . " From street to stage While other professional contortionists spend years training in specialist schools from just five-years-old , Gitu learned his trade while living on the streets aged 14 . An orphan whose mother had died from Aids and father from old age , Gitu learned to bend his body into incredible positions from watching other performers busking . "  I noticed I could do better than them , and I started training on my own , " said Gitu . "  I was on the streets for six years with other boys and they all depended on me as their star show -- it was how we made money to survive . " The freakishly flexible teen became something of a legend on the streets of Mombasa , and when Ruddle came to the city looking for performers for his new circus troupe , he was quickly pointed in the direction of the "  Snake Man . " World class Ruddle , a Zimbabwean-born former acrobat with dreams of creating an all-African circus that would tour the world , auditioned more than 300 performers that day . None impressed him . "  Then somebody told me about this street performer , this ` Snake Man , ' so I went to see him . I was amazed , " said Ruddle . "  He had all the goods but his act still needed some polishing . I invited him to come back to Tanzania with me and train at my acrobatics school . " Watch video : Stars of Cirque du Soleil Three years later "  Mama Africa " was born . Boasting around 50 performers -- including acrobats , aerialists , clowns , and magicians -- the tribal-inspired show has toured across Europe , Australia , and come this December , Broadway . "  The circus has changed the lives of many street boys , " said Gitu . "  Now they see a future as performers , they can travel the world , meet others artists , and earn decent pay . " Snake charmer While all the elaborately dressed "  Mama Africa " performers display remarkable strength , stamina , and skill , it is the "  Snake Man " who has carved a name for himself off the stage , regularly appearing in variety TV shows across Europe and the United States . Sometimes performing with fellow contortionist Hassan Mohamed , the "  Plastic Boys , " as they are known , bewitch audiences with their fantastically flexible maneuvers . Indeed , from cramming himself inside a tiny glass box to leisurely bending his legs backwards over his head , Gitu appears to be an otherworldly creature made entirely of rubber . "  The audience is mesmerized -- some are shocked and some are afraid of what they see , " said Gitu . "  But contortion is not dangerous if started in early childhood . Today I usually train for around one-and-a-half hours a day . " Circus life Despite the bright lights of the Big Top , circus life can also be less-than glamorous , with the Mama Africa performers usually living in four double-decker buses as they travel across the country . "  We have around 10 people on each bus -- the top deck has the beds , and below is the kitchen , dining room , lounge , " said Ruddle . "  It 's more like a big family . " For Gitu , the circus has also given him the chance to build a permanent home , recently buying a house in Tanzania . It 's a long way from the streets of his youth . And it seems that much like the biblical Saint Lazarus -- said to have risen four days after his death -- this Lazarus is also embarking on a remarkable new life .	Meet Lazarus Gitu , the remarkable contortionist known as "  Snake Man " The 30-year-old Kenyan was performing on the streets until being discovered Now star performer of circus troupe "  Mama Africa , " set to perform on Broadway
